
 10-K
 1
 d670111d10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 
 Annual Report 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K
         
 (Mark One)  
 
 
 x 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013    or      
 
 
 ¨ 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
 Commission File Number 1-34073      
     Huntington
Bancshares Incorporated    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
       
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Maryland 
   
 31-0724920 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
 41 S. High Street, Columbus, Ohio 
   
 43287 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (614) 480-8300  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of class 
   
   Name of exchange on which registered 


 
 8.50% Series A non-voting, perpetual convertible preferred stock 
   
 NASDAQ 
 
 Common Stock—Par Value $0.01 per Share 
   
 NASDAQ 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 Title of class    Floating Rate Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock      
     Depositary Shares (each
representing a 1/40th interest in a share of Floating Rate Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock)    Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Exchange Act.     x     Yes    ¨      No    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Act.     ¨     Yes   x      No  
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     x     Yes   ¨     No
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).   x     Yes   ¨     No  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K.   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 x 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ¨   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act)   ¨     Yes   x     No    The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2013, determined by using a per share closing price of $7.87, as quoted by
NASDAQ on that date, was $6,352,754,308. As of January 31, 2014, there were 831,214,839 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01 outstanding.    Documents Incorporated By Reference    Part III of this Form 10-K incorporates by reference
certain information from the registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INCORPORATED  
 INDEX      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Part I.  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 1. 
    
   Business 
    
   
 5 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 1A. 
    
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 14 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 1B. 
    
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 19 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 2. 
    
   Properties 
    
   
 19 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 3. 
    
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 19 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 4. 
    
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 19 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Part II.   
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 5. 
    
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 
    
   
 20 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 6. 
    
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 22 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 7. 
    
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
    
   
 24 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Introduction 
    
   
 24 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Executive Overview 
    
   
 24 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Discussion of Results of Operations 
    
   
 28 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Risk Management and Capital: 
    
   
 37 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Credit Risk 
    
   
 38 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Market Risk 
    
   
 52 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Liquidity Risk 
    
   
 53 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Operational Risk 
    
   
 60 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Compliance Risk 
    
   
 61 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Capital 
    
   
 61 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Business Segment Discussion 
    
   
 63 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Additional Disclosures 
    
   
 82 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 7A. 
    
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 88 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 8. 
    
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 88 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 9. 
    
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 179 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 9A. 
    
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 179 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 9B. 
    
   Other Information 
    
   
 179 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Part III.   
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 10. 
    
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 179 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 11. 
    
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 179 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 12. 
    
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
    
   
 180 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 13. 
    
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 180 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 14. 
    
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 180 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Part IV.   
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 15. 
    
   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    
   
 181 
    
 
 
 
 
 Signatures  
    
   
 182 
    
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Glossary of Acronyms and Terms  
 The following listing provides a comprehensive reference of common acronyms and terms used throughout the document:  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 ABL 
    
 Asset Based Lending 
 
 
 
 
 ACL 
    
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 
 
 
 AFCRE 
    
 Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate 
 
 
 
 
 AFS 
    
 Available-for-Sale 
 
 
 
 
 ALCO 
    
 Asset-Liability Management Committee 
 
 
 
 
 ALLL 
    
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 
 
 
 
 ARM 
    
 Adjustable Rate Mortgage 
 
 
 
 
 ASC 
    
 Accounting Standards Codification 
 
 
 
 
 ASU 
    
 Accounting Standards Update 
 
 
 
 
 ATM 
    
 Automated Teller Machine 
 
 
 
 
 AULC 
    
 Allowance for Unfunded Loan Commitments 
 
 
 
 
 AVM 
    
 Automated Valuation Methodology 
 
 
 
 
 Basel III 
    
 Refers to the final rule issued by the FRB and OCC and published in the Federal Register on October 11, 2013 
 
 
 
 
 BHC 
    
 Bank Holding Companies 
 
 
 
 
 C&I 
    
 Commercial and Industrial 
 
 
 
 
 CapPR 
    
 Federal Reserve Board’s Capital Plan Review 
 
 
 
 
 CCAR 
    
 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
 
 
 
 
 CDO 
    
 Collateralized Debt Obligations 
 
 
 
 
 CDs 
    
 Certificate of Deposit 
 
 
 
 
 CFPB 
    
 Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection 
 
 
 
 
 CMO 
    
 Collateralized Mortgage Obligations 
 
 
 
 
 CRE 
    
 Commercial Real Estate 
 
 
 
 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
    
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 
 
 
 EPS 
    
 Earnings Per Share 
 
 
 
 
 ERISA 
    
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
 
 
 
 
 EVE 
    
 Economic Value of Equity 
 
 
 
 
 Fannie Mae 
    
 (see FNMA) 
 
 
 
 
 FASB 
    
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 
 
 
 
 FDIC 
    
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 
 
 
 
 FDICIA 
    
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 
 
 
 
 
 FHA 
    
 Federal Housing Administration 
 
 
 
 
 FHFA 
    
 Federal Housing Finance Agency 
 
 
 
 
 FHLB 
    
 Federal Home Loan Bank 
 
 
 
 
 FHLMC 
    
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
 
 
 
 
 FICA 
    
 Federal Insurance Contributions Act 
 
 
 
 
 FICO 
    
 Fair Isaac Corporation 
 
 
 
 
 FNMA 
    
 Federal National Mortgage Association 
 
 
 
 
 FRB 
    
 Federal Reserve Bank 
 
 
 
 
 Freddie Mac 
    
 (see FHLMC) 
 
 
 
 
 FTE 
    
 Fully-Taxable Equivalent 
 
 
 
 
 FTP 
    
 Funds Transfer Pricing 
 
 
 
 
 GAAP 
    
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America 
 
 
 
 
 HAMP 
    
 Home Affordable Modification Program 
 
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 HARP 
    
 Home Affordable Refinance Program 
 
 
 
 
 HTM 
    
 Held-to-Maturity 
 
 
 
 
 IRC 
    
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
 
 
 
 
 IRS 
    
 Internal Revenue Service 
 
 
 
 
 ISE 
    
 Interest Sensitive Earnings 
 
 
 
 
 LCR 
    
 Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
 
 
 
 
 LIBOR 
    
 London Interbank Offered Rate 
 
 
 
 
 LGD 
    
 Loss-Given-Default 
 
 
 
 
 LTV 
    
 Loan to Value 
 
 
 
 
 MD&A 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 
 
 
 MSA 
    
 Metropolitan Statistical Area 
 
 
 
 
 MSR 
    
 Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 
 
 
 
 NALs 
    
 Nonaccrual Loans 
 
 
 
 
 NAV 
    
 Net Asset Value 
 
 
 
 
 NCO 
    
 Net Charge-off 
 
 
 
 
 NIM 
    
 Net interest margin 
 
 
 
 
 NCUA 
    
 National Credit Union Administration 
 
 
 
 
 NPAs 
    
 Nonperforming Assets 
 
 
 
 
 NPR 
    
 Notice of Proposed Rulemaking 
 
 
 
 
 N.R. 
    
 Not relevant. Denominator of calculation is a gain in the current period compared with a loss in the prior period, or vice-versa 
 
 
 
 
 NSF / OD 
    
 Nonsufficient Funds and Overdraft 
 
 
 
 
 OCC 
    
 Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 
 
 
 
 OCI 
    
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 
 
 
 OCR 
    
 Optimal Customer Relationship 
 
 
 
 
 OLEM 
    
 Other Loans Especially Mentioned 
 
 
 
 
 OREO 
    
 Other Real Estate Owned 
 
 
 
 
 OTTI 
    
 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
 
 
 
 
 PD 
    
 Probability-Of-Default 
 
 
 
 
 Plan 
    
 Huntington Bancshares Retirement Plan 
 
 
 
 
 Problem Loans 
    
 Includes nonaccrual loans and leases (Table 13), troubled debt restructured loans (Table 15), and accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more (Table 14) 
 
 
 
 
 REIT 
    
 Real Estate Investment Trust 
 
 
 
 
 Reg E 
    
 Regulation E, of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act 
 
 
 
 
 ROC 
    
 Risk Oversight Committee 
 
 
 
 
 SAD 
    
 Special Assets Division 
 
 
 
 
 SBA 
    
 Small Business Administration 
 
 
 
 
 SEC 
    
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 
 
 
 SERP 
    
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 
 
 
 
 Sky Financial 
    
 Sky Financial Group, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 SRIP 
    
 Supplemental Retirement Income Plan 
 
 
 
 
 TARP 
    
 Troubled Asset Relief Program 
 
 
 
 
 TARP Capital 
    
 Series B Preferred Stock, repurchased in 2010 
 
 
 
 
 TCE 
    
 Tangible Common Equity 
 
 
 
 
 TDR 
    
 Troubled Debt Restructured loan 
 
 
 
 
 TLGP 
    
 Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program 
 
 
 
 
 U.S. Treasury 
    
 U.S. Department of the Treasury 
 
 
 
 
 UCS 
    
 Uniform Classification System 
 
 
 
 
 UPB 
    
 Unpaid Principal Balance 
 
 
 
 
 USDA 
    
 U.S. Department of Agriculture 
 
 
 
 
 VA 
    
 U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs 
 
 
 
 
 VIE 
    
 Variable Interest Entity 
 
 
 
 
 WGH 
    
 Wealth Advisors, Government Finance, and Home Lending 
 
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  
 PART I    When we refer to “we,” “our,” and “us” in this report, we mean Huntington Bancshares Incorporated and our consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates that we
refer only to the parent company, Huntington Bancshares Incorporated. When we refer to the “Bank” in this report, we mean our only bank subsidiary, The Huntington National Bank, and its subsidiaries.  
 Item 1: Business    We are a multi-state diversified regional bank holding company organized under Maryland law in 1966 and headquartered in Columbus, Ohio. We have 11,964 average full-time equivalent employees. Through the
Bank, we have 148 years of serving the financial needs of our customers. We provide full-service commercial, small business, consumer banking services, mortgage banking services, automobile financing, equipment leasing, investment management, trust
services, brokerage services, insurance programs, and other financial products and services. The Bank, organized in 1866, is our only bank subsidiary. At December 31, 2013, the Bank had 16 wealth management offices and 695 branches as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
   •   403 branches in Ohio 
   
   •   45 branches in Indiana 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   •   155 branches in Michigan 
   
   •   30 branches in West Virginia 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   •   51 branches in Pennsylvania 
   
   •   11 branches in Kentucky 
    
 
   Select financial services and other activities are also conducted in various other states. International
banking services are available through the headquarters office in Columbus, Ohio, a limited purpose office located in the Cayman Islands, and another located in Hong Kong. Our foreign banking activities, in total or with any individual country, are
not significant.    Our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we
monitor results and assess performance. For each of our four business segments, we expect the combination of our business model and exceptional service to provide a competitive advantage that supports revenue and earnings growth. Our business model
emphasizes the delivery of a complete set of banking products and services offered by larger banks, but distinguished by local delivery and customer service.    A key strategic emphasis has been for our business segments to operate in cooperation to provide products and services to our customers and to build stronger and more profitable relationships using our
OCR sales and service process. The objectives of OCR are to:      
 
 
   
 1. 
 Provide a consultative sales approach to provide solutions that are specific to each customer.  
   
 
 
   
 2. 
 Leverage each business segment in terms of its products and expertise to benefit customers.  
   
 
 
   
 3. 
 Target prospects who may want to have multiple products and services as part of their relationship with us.  
 Following is a description of our four business segments and Treasury / Other function:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Retail and Business Banking  – This segment provides a wide array of financial products and services to consumer and small business
customers including but not limited to checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, consumer loans, and small business loans and leases. Other financial services available to consumer and small business
customers include investments, insurance services, interest rate risk protection products, foreign exchange hedging, and treasury management services. We serve customers primarily through our network of traditional branches in Ohio, Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Indiana, West Virginia, and Kentucky. We also have branches located in grocery stores in Ohio and Michigan. In addition to our extensive branch network, customers can access Huntington through online banking, mobile banking, telephone
banking, and ATMs.    We established a “Fair Play” banking philosophy and built a
reputation for meeting the banking needs of consumers in a manner which makes them feel supported and appreciated. We believe customers are recognizing this and other efforts as key differentiators and it is earning us more customers and deeper
relationships.    Business Banking is a dynamic and growing part of our business and we are committed to being
the bank of choice for small businesses in our markets. Business Banking is defined as companies with revenues up to $25 million and consists of approximately 163,000 businesses. We continue to develop products and services that are designed
specifically to meet the needs of small business. We continue to look for ways to help companies find solutions to their capital needs.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Regional and Commercial Banking  – This segment provides a wide array of products and services to the middle market and large corporate
customers located primarily within our eleven regional commercial banking markets. Products and services are delivered through a relationship banking model and include commercial lending, as well as depository and liquidity management products.
Dedicated teams collaborate with our relationship bankers to deliver complex and customized treasury management solutions, equipment leasing, international services, capital markets services such as interest rate risk protection products, foreign
exchange hedging and sales, trading of securities, and employee benefit programs (insurance, 401(k)). The Commercial Banking team specializes in serving a number of industry segments such as not-for-profit organizations, health-care entities, and
large publicly-traded companies.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate  – This segment provides lending and other banking products and services to customers outside
of our normal retail and commercial banking segments. Our products and services include financing for the purchase of automobiles by customers at automotive dealerships, financing the acquisition of new and used vehicle inventory of automotive
dealerships, and financing for land, buildings, and other commercial real estate owned or constructed by real estate developers, automobile dealerships, or other customers with real estate project financing needs. Products and services are delivered
through highly specialized relationship-focused bankers and product partners. Huntington creates well-defined relationship plans which identify needs where solutions are developed and customer commitments are obtained.  
 The Automotive Finance team services automobile dealerships, its owners, and consumers buying automobiles through these
dealerships. Huntington has provided new and used automobile financing and dealer services throughout the Midwest since the early 1950s. This consistency in the market and our focus on working with strong dealerships, has allowed us to expand into
selected markets outside of the Midwest and to actively deepen relationships while building a strong reputation.    The Commercial Real Estate team serves real estate developers, REITs, and other customers with lending needs that are secured by commercial properties. Most of our customers are located within our
footprint.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Wealth Advisors, Government Finance, and Home Lending  – This segment consists of our wealth management, government banking, and home
lending businesses. In wealth management, Huntington provides financial services to high net worth clients in our primary banking markets and Florida. Huntington provides these services through a unified sales team, which consists of private
bankers, trust officers, and investment advisors. Aligned with the eleven regional commercial banking markets, this coordinated service model delivers products and services directly and through the other segment product partners. A fundamental point
of differentiation is our commitment to be in the market, working closely with clients and their other advisors to identify needs, offer solutions and provide ongoing advice in an optimal client experience.  
 The Government Finance Group provides financial products and services to government and other public sector entities in
our primary banking markets. A locally based team of relationship managers works with clients to meet their trust, lending, and treasury management needs. Closely aligned, our Community Development group serves an important role as it focuses on
delivering on our commitment to the communities Huntington serves.    Home Lending originates and services
consumer loans and mortgages for customers who are generally located in our primary banking markets. Consumer and mortgage lending products are primarily distributed through the Retail and Business Banking segment, as well as through commissioned
loan originators.    The segment also includes the related businesses of investment management, investment
servicing, custody, corporate trust, and retirement plan services. Huntington Asset Advisors provides investment management services through a variety of internal and external channels, including advising the Huntington Funds, our proprietary family
of mutual funds and Huntington Strategy Shares, our actively-managed exchange-traded funds. Huntington Asset Services offers administrative and operational support to fund complexes, including fund accounting, transfer agency, administration, and
distribution services. Our retirement plan services business offers fully bundled and third party distribution of a variety of qualified and non-qualified plan solutions.    Treasury / Other function includes our insurance brokerage business, which specializes in commercial property and casualty, employee benefits, personal lines, life and disability and specialty lines of
insurance. We also provide brokerage and agency services for residential and commercial title insurance and excess and surplus product lines of insurance. As an agent and broker we do not assume underwriting risks; instead we provide our customers
with quality, noninvestment insurance contracts. The Treasury / Other function also includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.  
 The financial results for each of these business segments are included in Note 25 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and are
discussed in the Business Segment Discussion of our MD&A. We recently announced a reorganization among our executive leadership team, which will become effective during the 2014 first quarter. As a result, management is currently evaluating the
business segment structure which will impact how we monitor future results and assess performance.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Competition    We compete with other banks and financial services companies such as savings and loans, credit unions, and finance and trust companies, as well as mortgage banking companies, automobile and equipment
financing companies (including captive automobile finance companies), insurance companies, mutual funds, investment advisors, and brokerage firms, both within and outside of our primary market areas. Internet companies are also providing
nontraditional, but increasingly strong, competition for our borrowers, depositors, and other customers.    We compete for loans
primarily on the basis of a combination of value and service by building customer relationships as a result of addressing our customers’ entire suite of banking needs, demonstrating expertise, and providing convenience to our customers. We also
consider the competitive pricing pressures in each of our markets.    We compete for deposits similarly on
a basis of a combination of value and service and by providing convenience through a banking network of branches and ATMs within our markets and our website at www.huntington.com. We have also instituted customer friendly practices, such as our
24-Hour Grace ®  account feature, which gives customers an additional business day to cover overdrafts to their
consumer account without being charged overdraft fees.    The table below shows our competitive ranking and market share based
on deposits of FDIC-insured institutions as of June 30, 2013, in the top 10 metropolitan statistical areas (MSA) in which we compete:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 MSA 
    
 Rank 
   
    
 Deposits (in millions) 
   
    
 Market Share 
   


 
   Columbus, OH 
    
   
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 14,436 
    
    
   
 28 
 %  
 
   Detroit, MI 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 4,478 
    
    
   
 5 
    
 
   Cleveland, OH 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 4,261 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Indianapolis, IN 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 2,859 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Pittsburgh, PA 
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 2,512 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Cincinnati, OH 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 2,109 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Youngstown, OH 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 2,082 
    
    
   
 23 
    
 
   Toledo, OH 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 2,045 
    
    
   
 22 
    
 
   Grand Rapids, MI 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 1,855 
    
    
   
 11 
    
 
   Canton, OH 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 1,494 
    
    
   
 25 
    
   Source: FDIC.gov , based on June 30, 2013 survey.  
 Many of our nonfinancial institution competitors have fewer regulatory constraints, broader geographic service areas, greater capital,
and, in some cases, lower cost structures. In addition, competition for quality customers has intensified as a result of changes in regulation, advances in technology and product delivery systems, consolidation among financial service providers,
bank failures, and the conversion of certain former investment banks to bank holding companies.    Regulatory Matters
   We are subject to regulation by the SEC, the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the CFPB, and other federal and state regulators.
   Because we are a public company, we are subject to regulation by the SEC. The SEC has established five categories of
issuers for the purpose of filing periodic and annual reports. Under these regulations, we are considered to be a large accelerated filer and, as such, must comply with SEC accelerated reporting requirements.  
 We are a bank holding company and are qualified as a financial holding company with the Federal Reserve. We are subject to examination
and supervision by the Federal Reserve pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act. We are required to file reports and other information regarding our business operations and the business operations of our subsidiaries with the Federal Reserve.
 
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Federal Reserve maintains a bank holding company rating system that emphasizes risk
management, introduces a framework for analyzing and rating financial factors, and provides a framework for assessing and rating the potential impact of non-depository entities of a holding company on its subsidiary depository institution(s). The
ratings assigned to us, like those assigned to other financial institutions, are confidential and may not be disclosed, except to the extent required by law.    The Federal Reserve utilizes an updated framework for the consolidated supervision of large financial institutions, including bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more. The
objectives of the framework are to enhance the resilience of a firm, lower the probability of its failure, and reduce the impact on the financial system in the event of an institution’s failure. With regard to resiliency, each firm is expected
to ensure that the consolidated organization and its core business lines can survive under a broad range of internal or external stresses. This requires financial resilience by maintaining sufficient capital and liquidity, and operational resilience
by maintaining effective corporate governance, risk management, and recovery planning. With respect to lowering the probability of failure, each firm is expected to ensure the sustainability of its critical operations and banking offices under a
broad range of internal or external stresses. This requires, among other things, effective resolution planning that addresses the complexity and the interconnectivity of the firm’s operations.  
 The Bank, which is chartered by the OCC, is a national bank and our only bank subsidiary. It is subject to examination and supervision by
the OCC and also by the CFPB, which was established by the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010. Our nonbank subsidiaries are also subject to examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve or, in the case of nonbank subsidiaries of the Bank, by the OCC. All
subsidiaries are subject to examination and supervision by the CFPB to the extent they offer any consumer financial products or services. Our subsidiaries are subject to examination by other federal and state agencies, including, in the case of
certain securities and investment management activities, regulation by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.  
 The Bank is subject to affiliate transaction restrictions under federal law, which limit certain transactions generally involving the
transfer of funds by a bank or its subsidiaries to its parent corporation or any nonbank subsidiary of its parent corporation, whether in the form of loans, extensions of credit, investments, or asset purchases, or otherwise undertaking certain
obligations on behalf of such affiliates. See also the Volcker Rule discussion below for additional affiliate transaction restrictions.  
 Legislative and regulatory reforms continue to have significant impacts throughout the financial services industry.  
 The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in 2010, is complex and broad in scope and several of its provisions are still being implemented. The
Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB, which has extensive regulatory and enforcement powers over consumer financial products and services, and the Financial Stability Oversight Council, which has oversight authority for monitoring and regulating
systemic risk. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act altered the authority and duties of the federal banking and securities regulatory agencies, implemented certain corporate governance requirements for all public companies including financial
institutions with regard to executive compensation, proxy access by shareholders, and certain whistleblower provisions, and restricted certain proprietary trading and hedge fund and private equity activities of banks and their affiliates. The
Dodd-Frank Act also required the issuance of numerous implementing regulations, many of which have not yet been issued. The regulations will continue to take effect over several more years, continuing to make it difficult to anticipate the overall
impact to us, our customers, or the financial industry in general.    In mid-January 2013, the CFPB issued eight final
regulations governing mainly consumer mortgage lending. The first of these rules was issued on January 10, 2013, and included the ability to repay and qualified mortgage rule. This rule imposes additional requirements on lenders, including
rules designed to require lenders to ensure borrowers’ ability to repay their mortgage and took effect January 10, 2014. The same day, the CFPB also finalized a rule on escrow accounts for higher priced mortgage loans and a rule expanding
the scope of the high-cost mortgage provision in the Truth in Lending Act. On January 17, 2013, the CFPB issued its final rules implementing provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that relate to mortgage servicing, which took effect on
January 10, 2014. On January 18, 2013, the CFPB issued a final appraisal rule under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and six agencies including the CFPB, FRB, OCC, FDIC, NCUA, and FHFA issued an interagency rule on appraisals for
higher-priced mortgage loans. On November 20, 2013, the CFPB issued its final rule on integrated mortgage disclosures under the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, for which compliance is required by
August 1, 2015. We are evaluating these integrated mortgage disclosure rules to determine their impact on the Bank and its affiliates.    During the 2013 first quarter, the CFPB provided guidance on fair lending practices to indirect automobile lenders with recommendations to ensure compliance with fair lending laws.  
 Recently, banking regulatory agencies have increasingly used a general consumer protection statute to address unethical or otherwise bad
business practices that may not necessarily fall directly under the purview of a specific banking or consumer finance law. Prior to the Dodd-Frank Act, there was little formal guidance to provide insight to the parameters for compliance with the
“unfair or deceptive acts or practices” (UDAP) law. However, the UDAP provisions have been expanded under the Dodd-Frank Act to apply to “unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices”, which has been delegated to the CFPB for
supervision.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Large bank holding companies and national banks are required to submit annual capital plans to the
Federal Reserve and OCC, respectively and conduct stress tests.    The Federal Reserve published final amendments to
Regulation Y to require large bank holding companies to submit capital plans to the Federal Reserve on an annual basis and to require such bank holding companies to obtain approval from the Federal Reserve under certain circumstances before making a
capital distribution. This rule applies to us and all other bank holding companies with $50 billion or more of total consolidated assets.    A large bank holding company’s capital plan must include an assessment of the expected uses and sources of capital over at least the next nine quarters, a description of all planned capital actions
over the planning horizon, a detailed description of the entity’s process for assessing capital adequacy, the entity’s capital policy, and a discussion of any expected changes to the banking holding company’s business plan that are
likely to have a material impact on the firm’s capital adequacy or liquidity. The planning horizon for the most recent capital planning and stress testing cycle encompasses the 2013 fourth quarter through the 2015 fourth quarter as was
submitted in our capital plan in January 2014. Rules to implement the Basel III capital reforms in the United States were finalized in July 2013, and will be phased-in beginning in 2015 for us under the standardized approach. As such, the
most recent CCAR cycle, which began October 1, 2013, overlaps with the implementation of the Basel III capital reforms based on the required nine quarter projection horizon. The interim final rules clarify that banking organizations with
$50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including us, must incorporate the revised capital framework into the capital planning projections and into the stress tests required under the Dodd-Frank Act. The rule also clarifies that for the
upcoming cycle, capital adequacy at large banking organizations, including us, would continue to be assessed against a minimum 5 percent tier 1 common ratio as calculated by the Federal Reserve.  
 Capital plans for 2014 were required to be submitted by January 6, 2014. The Federal Reserve will either object to a capital plan,
in whole or in part, or provide a notice of non-objection no later than March 31, 2014, for plans submitted by the January 6, 2014 submission date. If the Federal Reserve objects to a capital plan, the bank holding company may not make any
capital distributions other than those with respect to which the Federal Reserve has indicated its non-objection. While we can give no assurances as to the outcome or specific interactions with the regulators, based on the Capital Plan we submitted
on January 5, 2014, we believe we have a strong capital position and that our capital adequacy process is robust.    In
addition to the CCAR submission, section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act requires that national banks, like The Huntington National Bank, conduct annual stress tests for submission in January 2014. The results of the stress tests will provide the OCC with
forward-looking information that will be used in bank supervision and will assist the agency in assessing a company’s risk profile and capital adequacy. We submitted our stress test results to the OCC on January 6, 2014.  
 The regulatory capital rules indicate that common stockholders’ equity should be the dominant element within Tier 1 capital and that
banking organizations should avoid overreliance on non-common equity elements. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the ratio of Tier 1 common equity to risk-weighted assets became significant as a measurement of the predominance of common equity in Tier 1
capital and an indication of the quality of capital.    Final rules have been issued to implement the Volcker Rule.  
 On December 10, 2013, the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the FDIC, the CFTC and the SEC issued final rules to implement the Volcker Rule
contained in section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, generally to become effective on July 21, 2015. The Volcker Rule prohibits an insured depository institution and its affiliates (referred to as “banking entities”) from:
(i) engaging in “proprietary trading” and (ii) investing in or sponsoring certain types of funds (“covered funds”) subject to certain limited exceptions. These prohibitions impact the ability of U.S. banking entities to
provide investment management products and services that are competitive with nonbanking firms generally and with non-U.S. banking organizations in overseas markets. The rule also effectively prohibits short-term trading strategies by any U.S.
banking entity if those strategies involve instruments other than those specifically permitted for trading.    The final Volcker
Rule regulations do provide certain exemptions allowing banking entities to continue underwriting, market-making and hedging activities and trading certain government obligations, as well as various exemptions and exclusions from the definition of
“covered funds”. The level of required compliance activity depends on the size of the banking entity and the extent of its trading. CEOs of larger banking entities, including Huntington, will have to attest annually in writing that their
organization has in place processes to establish, maintain, enforce, review, test and modify compliance with the Volcker Rule regulations. Banking entities with significant permitted trading operations will have to report certain quantitative
information, beginning between June 30, 2014 and December 31, 2016, depending on the size of the banking entity’s trading assets and liabilities.    On January 14, 2014, the five federal agencies approved an interim final rule to permit banking entities to retain interests in certain collateralized debt obligations backed primarily by trust
preferred securities from the investment prohibitions of the Volcker Rule. Under the interim final rule, the agencies permit the retention of an interest in or sponsorship of covered funds by banking entities if certain qualifications are met. In
addition, the agencies released a non-exclusive list of issuers that meet the requirements of  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the interim final rule. At December 31, 2013, we had investments in ten different pools of trust preferred securities. Eight of our pools are included in the list of non-exclusive issuers.
We have analyzed the other two pools that were not included on the list and believe that we will continue to be able to own these investments under the final Volcker Rule regulations.    The rules effecting debit card interchange fees under the Durbin Amendment, which became effective on October 1, 2011, have negatively impacted our electronic banking income.
   The Durbin Amendment, which was section 1075 of the Dodd-Frank Act, required the Federal Reserve to establish a cap on
the rate merchants pay banks for electronic clearing of debit transactions (i.e. the interchange rate). The Federal Reserve issued final rules, effective October 1, 2011, for establishing standards, including a cap, for debit card interchange
fees and prohibiting network exclusivity arrangements and routing restrictions. The final rule established standards for assessing whether debit card interchange fees received by debit card issuers were reasonable and proportional to the costs
incurred by issuers for electronic debit transactions. Under the final rule, the maximum permissible interchange fee that an issuer may receive for an electronic debit transaction is the sum of 21 cents per transaction, a 1 cent fraud prevention
adjustment, and 5 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. As a result of implementing this lower debit card interchange fee structure, our electronic banking income was negatively impacted by over $55 million in 2012 when compared
to 2011.    On July 31, 2013, the Federal District Court in the District of Columbia issued a ruling in a lawsuit filed by
a merchant group challenging the validity of the Federal Reserve’s final rule under the Durbin Amendment. The Court ruling vacated the provisions of the Federal Reserve’s final rule relating to standards for debit card interchange fees and
the provision dealing with network non-exclusivity, but stayed its action until further briefing on issues identified by the Court. Eventually, the District Court’s Ruling was appealed to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia, where the case is currently pending. If the Court of Appeals rules in favor of the merchants, the Federal Reserve will likely be required to provide even more stringent caps on debit interchange fees, which could adversely impact all banks
that issue debit cards, including us, and which could result in an industry-wide retraction of debit card products and replacement with other card products not subject to the Durbin Amendment. The Federal Reserve and a banking trade organization are
submitting briefs arguing that the Court of Appeals should overrule the District Court and uphold the Federal Reserve’s final rule under the Durbin Amendment. Oral argument before the Court of Appeals was held on January 17, 2014, and an
expedited ruling is anticipated.    There are restrictions on our ability to pay dividends.  
 Dividends from the Bank to the parent company are the primary source of funds for payment of dividends to our shareholders. However, there
are statutory limits on the amount of dividends that the Bank can pay to the holding company. Regulatory approval is required prior to the declaration of any dividends in an amount greater than its undivided profits or if the total of all dividends
declared in a calendar year would exceed the total of its net income for the year combined with its retained net income for the two preceding years, less any required transfers to surplus or common stock. As a result of the deficit position of its
undivided profits, prior to December 31, 2013, the Bank could not have declared and paid any cash dividends to the parent company without regulatory approval.    Since the first quarter of 2008, the Bank has made a capital reduction each quarter to enable payment of periodic dividends to shareholders outside the Bank’s consolidated group on preferred and
common stock of its REIT and capital financing subsidiaries. We anticipate that those subsidiaries, and the Bank will be able to resume normal dividend payments during the first half of 2014.  
 If, in the opinion of the applicable regulatory authority, a bank under its jurisdiction is engaged in, or is about to engage in, an
unsafe or unsound practice, such authority may require, after notice and hearing, that such bank cease and desist from such practice. Depending on the financial condition of the Bank, the applicable regulatory authority might deem us to be engaged
in an unsafe or unsound practice if the Bank were to pay dividends. The Federal Reserve and the OCC have issued policy statements that provide that insured banks and bank holding companies should generally only pay dividends out of current operating
earnings. Additionally, the Federal Reserve may prohibit bank holding companies from making any capital distributions, including payment of preferred and common dividends, if the Federal Reserve objects to the annual capital plan.  
 We are subject to the current capital requirements mandated by the Federal Reserve and final capital rules to implement Basel III that were adopted
in July 2013.    The Federal Reserve sets risk-based capital ratio and leverage ratio guidelines for bank holding
companies. Under the guidelines and related policies, bank holding companies must maintain capital sufficient to meet both a risk-based asset ratio test and a leverage ratio test on a consolidated basis. The risk-based ratio is determined by
allocating assets and specified off-balance sheet commitments into four weighted categories, with higher weighting assigned to categories perceived as representing greater risk. The risk-based ratio represents total capital divided by total
risk-weighted assets. The leverage ratio is core capital divided by total assets adjusted as specified in the guidelines. The Bank is subject to substantially similar capital requirements.  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On July 2, 2013, the Federal Reserve voted to adopt final capital rules implementing
Basel III requirements for U.S. Banking organizations. The final rules establish an integrated regulatory capital framework and will implement in the United States the Basel III regulatory capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision and certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Under the final rule, minimum requirements will increase for both the quantity and quality of capital held by banking organizations. Consistent with the international Basel framework,
the final rule includes a new minimum ratio of common equity tier 1 capital (Tier I Common) to risk-weighted assets and a Tier 1 Common capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets that will apply to all supervised financial
institutions. The rule also raises the minimum ratio of tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4% for all banking organizations. These new minimum capital ratios will become effective for us on
January 1, 2015, and will be fully phased-in on January 1, 2019.    Following are the Basel III regulatory capital
levels that we must satisfy to avoid limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments during the applicable transition period, from January 1, 2015 until January 1, 2019:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Basel III Regulatory Capital Levels 
   
 
   
    
 January 1, 2015 
   
   
 January 1, 2016 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   
   
 January 1, 2018 
   
   
 January 1, 2019 
   


 
   Tier 1 Common 
    
   
 4.5 
 %  
   
   
 5.125 
 %  
   
   
 5.75 
 %  
   
   
 6.375 
 %  
   
   
 7.0 
 %  
 
   Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 6.0 
 %  
   
   
 6.625 
 %  
   
   
 7.25 
 %  
   
   
 7.875 
 %  
   
   
 8.5 
 %  
 
   Total risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 8.0 
 %  
   
   
 8.625 
 %  
   
   
 9.25 
 %  
   
   
 9.875 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
   The final rule emphasizes Tier 1 Common capital, the most loss-absorbing form of capital, and implements
strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments. The final rule also improves the methodology for calculating risk-weighted assets to enhance risk sensitivity. Banks and regulators use risk weighting to assign different levels of risk
to different classes of assets.    We have evaluated the impact of the Basel III final rule on our regulatory capital ratios and
estimate a reduction of approximately 60 basis points to our Basel I Tier I Common risk-based capital ratio based on our June 30, 2013 balance sheet composition. The estimate is based on management’s current interpretation, expectations,
and understanding of the final U.S. Basel III rules. We anticipate that our capital ratios, on a Basel III basis, will continue to exceed the well capitalized minimum capital requirements. We are evaluating options to mitigate the capital
impact of the final rule prior to its effective implementation date.    Based on our review of the Basel III final rule, it is
likely that when Basel III becomes effective, the HPCI Class C preferred securities will no longer constitute Tier 1 capital for us or the Bank. As such, we determined that a “regulatory capital event” had occurred, based on an opinion of
counsel rendered by a law firm experienced in such matters, and the HPCI board of directors determined to redeem the outstanding Class C preferred securities. HPCI redeemed all $50 million of the Class C preferred securities on
December 31, 2013. The holders of such securities received the redemption price of $25.00 per share.    Based on the final
Basel III rule, banking organizations with more than $15 billion in total consolidated assets are required to phase-out of additional tier 1 capital any non-qualifying capital instruments (such as trust preferred securities and cumulative preferred
shares) issued before September 12, 2010. We will begin the additional tier I capital phase-out our trust preferred securities in 2015, but will be able to include these instruments in Tier II capital as a non-advanced approaches
institution.    Generally, under the currently applicable guidelines, a financial institution’s capital is divided into two
tiers. Institutions that must incorporate market risk exposure into their risk-based capital requirements may also have a third tier of capital in the form of restricted short-term subordinated debt. These tiers are:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Tier 1 risk-based capital, or core capital, which includes total equity plus qualifying capital securities and minority interests, excluding unrealized
gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income, and nonqualifying intangible and servicing assets.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Tier 2 risk-based capital, or supplementary capital, which includes, among other things, cumulative and limited-life preferred stock, mandatory
convertible securities, qualifying subordinated debt, and the ACL, up to 1.25% of risk-weighted assets.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Total risk-based capital is the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 risk-based capital.  
 The Federal Reserve and the other federal banking regulators require that all intangible assets (net of deferred tax), except originated
or purchased MSRs, nonmortgage servicing assets, and purchased credit card relationships intangible assets, be deducted from Tier 1 capital. However, the total amount of these items included in capital cannot exceed 100% of its Tier 1 capital.
   Under the risk-based guidelines to remain adequately-capitalized, financial institutions are required to maintain a total
risk-based capital ratio of 8%, with 4% being Tier 1 risk-based capital. The appropriate regulatory authority may set higher capital requirements when they believe an institution’s circumstances warrant.  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Under the leverage guidelines, financial institutions are required to maintain a Tier 1
leverage ratio of at least 3%. The minimum ratio is applicable only to financial institutions that meet certain specified criteria, including excellent asset quality, high liquidity, low interest rate risk exposure, and the highest regulatory
rating. Financial institutions not meeting these criteria are required to maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%.  
 Failure to meet applicable capital guidelines could subject the financial institution to a variety of enforcement remedies available to
the federal regulatory authorities. These include limitations on the ability to pay dividends, the issuance by the regulatory authority of a directive to increase capital, and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC. In addition, the
financial institution could be subject to the measures described below under Prompt Corrective Action as applicable to under-capitalized institutions.    The risk-based capital standards of the Federal Reserve, the OCC, and the FDIC specify that evaluations by the banking agencies of a bank’s capital adequacy will include an assessment of the exposure
to declines in the economic value of a bank’s capital due to changes in interest rates. These banking agencies issued a joint policy statement on interest rate risk describing prudent methods for monitoring such risk that rely principally on
internal measures of exposure and active oversight of risk management activities by senior management.    FDICIA requires
federal banking regulatory authorities to take Prompt Corrective Action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: well-capitalized,
adequately-capitalized, under-capitalized, significantly under-capitalized, and critically under-capitalized.    Throughout
2013, our regulatory capital ratios and those of the Bank were in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions. An institution is deemed to be well-capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10% or greater, a
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6% or greater, and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5% or greater and is not subject to a regulatory order, agreement, or directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
 At December 31, 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in billions) 
    
 Well-capitalized minimums  
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Excess Capital (1) 
   


 
   Ratios: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tier 1 leverage ratio 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 5.00  
 % 
   
   
 10.67  
 % 
   
 $ 
 3.2 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 5.00 
   
   
   
 9.97 
   
   
   
 2.8 
   
 
   Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 6.00 
   
   
   
 12.28 
   
   
   
 3.1 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 6.00 
   
   
   
 11.45 
   
   
   
 2.7 
   
 
   Total risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 10.00 
   
   
   
 14.57 
   
   
   
 2.3 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 10.00 
   
   
   
 13.14 
   
   
   
 1.6 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amount greater than the well-capitalized minimum percentage.    FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution, including payment of a cash dividend or paying any management fee to its holding company, if the depository
institution would become under-capitalized after such payment. Under-capitalized institutions are also subject to growth limitations and are required by the appropriate federal banking agency to submit a capital restoration plan. If any depository
institution subsidiary of a holding company is required to submit a capital restoration plan, the holding company would be required to provide a limited guarantee regarding compliance with the plan as a condition of approval of such plan.
   Depending upon the severity of the under capitalization, the under-capitalized institutions may be subject to a number of
requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately-capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks, and restrictions on making any payment
of principal or interest on their subordinated debt. Critically under-capitalized institutions are subject to appointment of a receiver or conservator within 90 days of becoming so classified.  
 Under FDICIA, a depository institution that is not well-capitalized is generally prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering
interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in its market. Since the Bank is well-capitalized, the FDICIA brokered deposit rule did not adversely affect its ability to accept brokered deposits. The Bank had $1.6 billion of such
brokered deposits at December 31, 2013.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As a bank holding company, we must act as a source of financial and managerial strength to the Bank
and the Bank is subject to affiliate transaction restrictions.    Under the Dodd-Frank Act, a bank holding company must
act as a source of financial and managerial strength to each of its subsidiary banks and must commit resources to support each such subsidiary bank. The Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled
subsidiary bank. It may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices if the bank holding company fails to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank or if it undertakes actions that the Federal Reserve believes might
jeopardize the bank holding company’s ability to commit resources to such subsidiary bank.    Any loans by a holding
company to a subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company’s bankruptcy, an appointed bankruptcy trustee will assume any
commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, the bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the
claims of the institution’s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of its note obligations.    Federal law
permits the OCC to order the pro-rata assessment of shareholders of a national bank whose capital stock has become impaired, by losses or otherwise, to relieve a deficiency in such national bank’s capital stock. This statute also provides for
the enforcement of any such pro-rata assessment of shareholders of such national bank to cover such impairment of capital stock by sale, to the extent necessary, of the capital stock owned by any assessed shareholder failing to pay the assessment.
As the sole shareholder of the Bank, we are subject to such provisions.    Moreover, the claims of a receiver of an insured
depository institution for administrative expenses and the claims of holders of deposit liabilities of such an institution are accorded priority over the claims of general unsecured creditors of such an institution, including the holders of the
institution’s note obligations, in the event of liquidation or other resolution of such institution. Claims of a receiver for administrative expenses and claims of holders of deposit liabilities of the Bank, including the FDIC as the insurer of
such holders, would receive priority over the holders of notes and other senior debt of the Bank in the event of liquidation or other resolution and over our interests as sole shareholder of the Bank.  
 As a financial holding company, we are subject to additional laws and regulations.  
 In order to maintain its status as a financial holding company, a bank holding company’s depository subsidiaries must all be both
well-capitalized and well-managed, and must meet their Community Reinvestment Act obligations.    Financial holding company
powers relate to financial activities that are specified in the Bank Holding Company Act or determined by the Federal Reserve, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, to be financial in nature, incidental to an activity that is financial
in nature, or complementary to a financial activity, provided that the complementary activity does not pose a safety and soundness risk. In addition, we are required by the Bank Holding Company Act to obtain Federal Reserve approval prior to
acquiring, directly or indirectly, ownership or control of voting shares of any bank, if, after such acquisition, we would own or control more than 5% of its voting stock. Furthermore, the Dodd-Frank Act added a new provision to the Bank Holding
Company Act, which requires bank holding companies with total consolidated assets equal to or greater than $50 billion to obtain prior approval from the Federal Reserve to acquire a nondepository company having total consolidated assets of $10
billion or more.    We also must comply with anti-money laundering and customer privacy regulations, as well as corporate governance,
accounting, and reporting requirements.    The USA Patriot Act of 2001 and its related regulations require insured
depository institutions, broker-dealers, and certain other financial institutions to have policies, procedures, and controls to detect, prevent, and report money laundering and terrorist financing. Federal banking regulators are required, when
reviewing bank holding company acquisition and bank merger applications, to take into account the effectiveness of the anti-money laundering activities of the applicants.    Pursuant to Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, we, like all other financial institutions, are required to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   provide notice to our customers regarding privacy policies and practices,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   inform our customers regarding the conditions under which their nonpublic personal information may be disclosed to nonaffiliated third parties, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   give our customers an option to prevent certain disclosure of such information to nonaffiliated third parties.  
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposed new or revised corporate governance, accounting, and reporting requirements on us. In addition to
a requirement that chief executive officers and chief financial officers certify financial statements in writing, the statute imposed requirements affecting, among other matters, the composition and activities of audit committees, disclosures
relating to corporate insiders and insider transactions, code of ethics, and the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting.  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Available Information    This information may be read and copied at the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You can obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information about issuers, like us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is
 http://www.sec.gov . The reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are also available at our Internet web site. The address of the site is  http://www.huntington.com . Except as specifically incorporated by reference into
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, information on those web sites is not part of this report. You also should be able to inspect reports, proxy statements, and other information about us at the offices of the NASDAQ National Market at 33 Whitehall
Street, New York, New York.    Item 1A: Risk Factors  
 Risk Governance    We use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. It begins with the board of directors defining our risk appetite in aggregate as moderate-to-low. This does not preclude engagement in select higher
risk activities. Rather, the definition is intended to represent an average of where we want our overall risk to be managed.  
 Two board committees primarily oversee implementation of this desired risk profile: The Audit Committee and the Risk Oversight Committee.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Audit Committee is principally involved with overseeing the integrity of financial statements, providing oversight of the internal audit
department, and selecting our external auditors. Our chief auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee Chair.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Risk Oversight Committee supervises our risk management processes which primarily cover credit, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, legal,
strategic, and reputational risks. It also approves the charters of executive risk management committees, sets risk limits on certain risk measures (e.g., economic value of equity), receives results of the risk self-assessment process, and routinely
engages management in review of key risks. Our credit review executive reports directly to the Risk Oversight Committee.    Both committees are comprised of independent directors and routinely hold executive sessions with our key officers engaged in accounting and risk management. On a periodic basis, the two committees meet
in joint session to cover matters relevant to both such as the construct and appropriateness of the ACL, which is reviewed quarterly. All directors have access to information provided to each committee and all scheduled meetings are open to all
directors.    Further, through its Compensation Committee, the board of directors seeks to ensure its system of rewards is
risk-sensitive and aligns the interests of management, creditors, and shareholders. We utilize a variety of compensation-related tools to induce appropriate behavior, including common stock ownership thresholds for the chief executive officer and
certain members of senior management, a requirement to hold until retirement a portion of net shares received upon exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock awards (50% for executive officers and 25% for other award recipients),
equity deferrals, recoupment provisions, and the right to terminate compensation plans at any time.    Management has introduced
a number of steps to help ensure an aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite is maintained. Foremost is a quarterly self-assessment process, in which each business segment produces an analysis of its risks and the strength of its risk controls. The
segment analyses are combined with assessments by our risk management organization of major risk sectors (e.g., credit, market, operational, reputational, compliance, etc.) to produce an overall enterprise risk assessment. Outcomes of the process
include a determination of the quality of the overall control process, the direction of risk, and our position compared to the defined risk appetite.    Management also utilizes a wide series of metrics (key risk indicators) to monitor risk positions throughout the Company. In general, a range for each metric is established which allows the company, in
aggregate, to maintain its moderate-to-low risk profile. Deviations from the range will indicate if the risk being measured is moving, which may then necessitate corrective action.  
 We also have four other executive level committees to manage risk: ALCO, Credit Policy and Strategy, Risk Management, and Capital
Management. Each committee focuses on specific categories of risk and is supported by a series of subcommittees that are tactical in nature. We believe this structure helps ensure appropriate elevation of issues and overall communication of
strategies.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington utilizes three levels of defense with regard to risk management:
(1) business segments, (2) corporate risk management, and (3) internal audit and credit review. To induce greater ownership of risk within its business segments, segment risk officers have been embedded to identify and monitor risk,
elevate and remediate issues, establish controls, perform self-testing, and oversee the quarterly self-assessment process. Segment risk officers report directly to the related segment manager with a dotted line to the Chief Risk Officer. Corporate
Risk Management establishes policies, sets operating limits, reviews new or modified products/processes, ensures consistency and quality assurance within the segments, and produces the enterprise risk assessment. The Chief Risk Officer has
significant input into the design and outcome of incentive compensation plans as they apply to risk. Internal Audit and Credit Review provide additional assurance that risk-related functions are operating as intended.  
 Risk Overview    We, like other financial companies, are subject to a number of risks that may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, many of which are outside of our direct control, though
efforts are made to manage those risks while optimizing returns. Among the risks assumed are: (1)  credit risk , which is the risk of loss due to loan and lease customers or other counterparties not being able to meet their financial
obligations under agreed upon terms, (2)  market risk , which is the risk of loss due to changes in the market value of assets and liabilities due to changes in market interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and credit
spreads, (3)  liquidity risk , which is (a) the risk of loss due to the possibility that funds may not be available to satisfy current or future commitments based on external macro market issues, investor and customer perception of
financial strength, and events unrelated to us such as war, terrorism, or financial institution market specific issues, and (b) the risk of loss based on our ability to satisfy current or future funding commitments due to the mix and maturity
structure of our balance sheet, amount of on-hand cash and unencumbered securities and the availability of contingent sources of funding, (4)  operational and legal risk , which is the risk of loss due to human error, inadequate or failed
internal systems and controls, violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards, and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, and security risks, and
(5)  compliance risk , which exposes us to money penalties, enforcement actions or other sanctions as a result of nonconformance with laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the financial services industry.  
 We also expend considerable effort to contain risk which emanates from execution of our business strategies and work relentlessly to
protect the Company’s reputation.  Strategic risk  and  reputational risk  do not easily lend themselves to traditional methods of measurement. Rather, we closely monitor them through processes such as new product / initiative
reviews, frequent financial performance reviews, employee and client surveys, monitoring market intelligence, periodic discussions between management and our board, and other such efforts.  
 In addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the
following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially.    Credit Risks:    1. Our ACL level may prove to be inappropriate or be
negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could materially adversely affect our net income and capital.    Our
business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. Our ACL of $710.8 million at December 31, 2013, represented Management’s estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio as well as our unfunded loan
commitments and letters of credit. We periodically review our ACL for appropriateness. In doing so, we consider economic conditions and trends, collateral values, and credit quality indicators, such as past charge-off experience, levels of past due
loans, and NPAs. There is no certainty that our ACL will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers,
industries, or markets. If the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the ACL is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be
materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.    In addition, bank regulators periodically review our ACL and may require us to increase our provision for loan and lease losses or loan charge-offs. Any increase in our ACL or loan charge-offs as required
by these regulatory authorities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.    2. Weakness in
economic conditions could materially adversely affect our business.    Our performance could be negatively affected to the
extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. These conditions could result in one or more of the following:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us;  
   
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   A decrease in customer savings generally and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   An increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans
or other obligations to us.    An increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could
result in a higher level of NPAs, NCOs, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. The markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and thus are particularly vulnerable to adverse
changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors.    Market Risks:  
 1. Changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans,
securities, and other assets. This could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.    Our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on
interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. Conditions such as
inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. If our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate
environment, net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. Likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, net interest income could be
adversely impacted.    Changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other
assets, including mortgage and nonmortgage servicing rights. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in NPAs and a reduction of income
recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. When we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. However, we
continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding NALs without any corresponding interest income. In addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans can vary significantly from
period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment.    Rising interest rates reduce the
value of our fixed-rate debt securities and cash flow hedging derivatives portfolio. Any unrealized loss from these portfolios impacts OCI, shareholders’ equity, and the Tangible Common Equity ratio. Any realized loss from these portfolios
impacts regulatory capital ratios, notably Tier I and Total risk-based capital ratios. In a rising interest rate environment, pension and other post-retirement obligations somewhat mitigate negative OCI impacts from securities and financial
instruments.    Certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are very sensitive to rising and falling
rates. Generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. Conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of
mortgage-backed securities will decrease. In either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities investments.    Liquidity Risks:    1. If we lose access to capital markets, we may not be
able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.  
 Liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. The Bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and
to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers. The board of directors establishes liquidity policies and limits and Management establishes operating guidelines for liquidity.  
 Wholesale funding sources include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core
deposits, and medium- and long-term debt. The Bank is also a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets. We maintain a portfolio of
highly-rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of the Bank and Corporation.
The inability to access capital markets funding sources as needed could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and level of regulatory-qualifying capital. We may, from time-to-time, consider using our existing
liquidity position to opportunistically retire outstanding securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions.    2. Due to the
losses that the Bank incurred in 2008 and 2009, prior to December 31, 2013, the Bank and its subsidiaries could not declare and pay dividends to the holding company, any subsidiary of the holding company outside the Bank’s consolidated
group, or any security holder outside the Bank’s consolidated group, without regulatory approval. Also, the Bank may not pay a dividend in an amount greater than its undivided profits.  
 Dividends from the Bank to the parent company are the primary source of funds for the payment of dividends to our
shareholders. Under applicable statutes and regulations, a national bank may not declare and pay dividends in any year greater than its undivided profits or in excess of an amount equal to the sum of the total of the net income of the bank for
that year and the retained net income of the bank for the preceding two years, minus the sum of any transfers required by the OCC and any transfers required to be made to a fund for the retirement of any preferred stock, unless the OCC approves the
declaration and payment of dividends in excess of such amount. The Bank’s undivided profits were in a deficit position until December 2013. We anticipate that the Bank will declare dividends to the holding company during the first half of 2014.
   Operational and Legal Risks:    1. The resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period.  
 We face legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory
proceedings against financial institutions remain high. Substantial legal liability against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. It
is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations for a particular reporting period.    Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements updates the status of litigation concerning Cyberco Holdings, Inc. Although the bank maintains litigation reserves related to this case, the
ultimate resolution of the matter, if unfavorable, may be material to our results of operations for a particular reporting period.    2. We
face significant operational risks which could lead to expensive litigation and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets.    We are exposed to many types of operational risks, including cyber-attack risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or outsiders, or operational
errors by employees, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled computer or telecommunications systems. These operational risks could lead to expensive litigation and loss of confidence by our customers,
regulators, and the capital markets.    Moreover, negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any
number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance, and acquisitions and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our
ability to attract and retain customers and can also expose us to litigation and regulatory action.    Relative to acquisitions,
we cannot predict if, or when, we will be able to identify and attract acquisition candidates or make acquisitions on favorable terms. We incur risks and challenges associated with the integration of acquired institutions in a timely and efficient
manner, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining existing customer relationships or achieving anticipated operating efficiencies.    Huntington is under continuous threat of loss due to cyber-attacks especially as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize internet and other remote channels to transact business. The most
significant cyber–attack risks that we face are e-fraud, denial of service, and loss of sensitive customer data. Loss from e-fraud occurs when cybercriminals breach and extract funds directly from customer or our accounts. Loss can occur as a
result of negative customer experience in the event of a successful denial of service attack that disrupts availability of our on-line banking services. The attempts to breach sensitive customer data, such as account numbers and social security
numbers, could present significant reputational, legal and/or regulatory costs to us if successful. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cybercriminals and
hackers, our plans to continue to provide internet banking and mobile banking channels, and our plans to develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  3. Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future could impair
our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and stock price.  
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. As a
financial holding company, we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. Such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessitated by our growth and in reaction
to external events and developments. Any failure to maintain, in the future, an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory
actions, loss of investor confidence, and adversely impact our business and stock price.    Compliance Risks:  
 1. Bank regulators and other regulations, including Basel III capital standards and CCAR, may require higher capital levels, impacting our ability to
pay common stock dividends or repurchase our common stock.    On July 2, 2013, the Federal Reserve voted to adopt final
Basel III capital rules for U.S. Banking organizations. The final rules establish an integrated regulatory capital framework and will implement in the United States the Basel III regulatory capital reforms from the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision and certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Under the final rule, minimum requirements will increase for both the quantity and quality of capital held by banking organizations. As a Standardized Approach institution, the Basel
III minimum capital requirements will become effective for us on January 1, 2015, and will be fully phased-in on January 1, 2019.    The Federal Reserve has issued guidelines for evaluating proposals by certain bank holding companies, including us, to undertake capital actions, such as increasing dividend payments or repurchasing or
redeeming stock. This process is known as CCAR. CCAR includes a quantitative examination component in which BHC-specific data is run through models developed by the Federal Reserve with the intention of estimating capital levels in a hypothetical
severely adverse economic scenario. Capital plans for 2014 were required to be submitted by January 6, 2014. The Federal Reserve will either object to a capital plan, in whole or in part, or provide a notice of non-objection no later than
March 31, 2014, for plans submitted by the January 6, 2014 submission date. We submitted our capital plan to the Federal Reserve on January 5, 2014.    The Federal Reserve and OCC are expected to undertake these capital plan reviews on a regular basis in the future. There can be no assurance that the Federal Reserve or OCC will respond favorably to our
capital plan as part of their future capital plan reviews, and the Federal Reserve, OCC, or other regulatory capital requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases.
Although not currently anticipated, our regulators may require us to raise additional capital in the future. Issuing additional common stock may dilute existing stockholders.    2. If our regulators deem it appropriate, they can take regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on our ability to compete for new business, constrain our ability to fund our
liquidity needs or pay dividends, and increase the cost of our services.    We are subject to the supervision and regulation
of various state and Federal regulators, including the OCC, Federal Reserve, FDIC, SEC, CFPB, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and various state regulatory agencies. As such, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, many of
which are discussed in the Regulatory Matters section. As part of their supervisory process, which includes periodic examinations and continuous monitoring, the regulators have the authority to impose restrictions or conditions on our activities and
the manner in which we manage the organization. Such actions could negatively impact us in a variety of ways, including monetary fines, impacting our ability to pay dividends, precluding mergers or acquisitions, limiting our ability to offer certain
products or services, or imposing additional capital requirements.    With the development of the CFPB, our consumer products
and services are subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance under consumer laws and regulations. We may face a greater number or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions and litigation in the future
related to consumer practices, thereby increasing costs associated with responding to or defending such actions. In addition, increased regulatory inquiries and investigations, as well as any additional legislative or regulatory developments
affecting our consumer businesses, and any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase our prices and
therefore reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, cause harm to our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our consumer businesses.  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  3. Legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may
materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to
increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.  
 The Dodd-Frank Act represents a comprehensive overhaul of the financial services industry within the United States, establishes the CFPB,
and requires the bureau and other federal agencies to implement many new and significant rules and regulations. At this time, it is difficult to predict the extent to which the Dodd-Frank Act, or the resulting rules and regulations in their
entirety, will impact our business. Compliance with these new laws and regulations will result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, if we do not
appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations that apply to our consumer operations, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect
operations and, in turn, financial results.    Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments  
 None.    Item 2:
Properties    Our headquarters, as well as the Bank’s, are located in the Huntington Center, a thirty-seven-story office
building located in Columbus, Ohio. Of the building’s total office space available, we lease approximately 28%. The lease term expires in 2030, with six five-year renewal options for up to 30 years but with no purchase option. The Bank has an
indirect minority equity interest of 18.4% in the building.    Our other major properties consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Description 
    
   Location 
    
 Own 
   
    
 Lease 
   


 
   13 story office building, located adjacent to the Huntington Center 
    
 Columbus, Ohio 
    
 ü 
   
    
    
 
 
 
 
   12 story office building, located adjacent to the Huntington Center 
    
 Columbus, Ohio 
    
 ü 
   
    
    
 
 
 
 
   3 story office building - the Crosswoods building 
    
 Columbus, Ohio 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   A portion of 200 Public Square Building 
    
 Cleveland, Ohio 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   12 story office building 
    
 Youngstown, Ohio 
    
 ü 
   
    
    
 
 
 
 
   10 story office building 
    
 Warren, Ohio 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   10 story office building 
    
 Toledo, Ohio 
    
 ü 
   
    
    
 
 
 
 
   A portion of the Grant Building 
    
 Pittsburgh, PA 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   18 story office building 
    
 Charleston, West Virginia 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   3 story office building 
    
 Holland, Michigan 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   2 building office complex 
    
 Troy, Michigan 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   Data processing and operations center (Easton) 
    
 Columbus, Ohio 
    
 ü 
   
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Data processing and operations center (Northland) 
    
 Columbus, Ohio 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   Data processing and operations center (Parma) 
    
 Cleveland, Ohio 
    
 
 
 
    
 ü 
   
    
 
   8 story office building 
    
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
    
 ü 
   
    
    
 
 
 
   Item 3: Legal Proceedings  
 Information required by this item is set forth in Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and incorporated into this
Item by reference.    Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures  
 Not applicable.  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II    Item 5: Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 The common stock of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol “HBAN”. The stock
is listed as “HuntgBcshr” or “HuntBanc” in most newspapers. As of January 31, 2014, we had 22,248 shareholders of record.    Information regarding the high and low sale prices of our common stock and cash dividends declared on such shares, as required by this item, is set forth in Table 46 entitled Selected Quarterly Income
Statement Data and incorporated into this Item by reference. Information regarding restrictions on dividends, as required by this Item, is set forth in Item 1 Business-Regulatory Matters and in Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements and incorporated into this Item by reference.    The following graph shows the changes, over the five-year period, in
the value of $100 invested in (i) shares of Huntington’s Common Stock; (ii) the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (the “S&P 500 Index”) and (iii) Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bank Index (the
“KBW Bank Index”), for the period December 31, 2008, through December 31, 2013. The KBW Bank Index is a market capitalization-weighted bank stock index published by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. The index is composed of the
largest banking companies and includes all money center banks and regional banks, including Huntington. An investment of $100 on December 31, 2008, and the reinvestment of all dividends are assumed. The plotted points represent the closing
price on the last trading day of the fiscal year indicated.        


 
    The following table provides information regarding Huntington’s purchases of its Common Stock
during the three-month period ended December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 
   
    
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs
(1) 
   
    
 Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Value) that May Yet Be Purchased
Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
   


 
   October 1, 2013 to October 31, 2013 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11,969,724 
   
    
 $ 
 135,845,179 
   
 
   November 1, 2013 to November 30, 2013 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11,969,724 
   
    
   
 135,845,179 
   
 
   December 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11,969,724 
   
    
   
 135,845,179 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11,969,724 
   
    
 $ 
 135,845,179 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The reported shares were repurchased pursuant to Huntington’s publicly announced stock repurchase authorization, which became effective April 1, 2013.
 
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (2) 
 The number shown represents, as of the end of each period, the maximum number of shares (approximate dollar value) of Common Stock that may yet be purchased under
publicly announced stock repurchase authorizations. The shares may be purchased, from time-to-time, depending on market conditions.    On March 14, 2013, Huntington Bancshares Incorporated announced that the Federal Reserve did not object to Huntington’s proposed capital actions included in Huntington’s capital plan
submitted to the Federal Reserve in January 2013. These actions included the potential repurchase of up to $227 million of common stock and a continuation of Huntington’s current common dividend through the first quarter of 2014.
Huntington’s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program consistent with Huntington’s capital plan. During the 2013 fourth quarter, Huntington did not repurchase any shares. For the year ended December 31, 2013,
Huntington purchased 16.7 million common shares at a weighted average price of $7.46 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2012, Huntington purchased 23.3 million common shares at a weighted average price of $6.36 per share.
 
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 6: Selected Financial Data  
 Table 1—Selected Financial Data (1)   
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 1,860,637 
   
   
 $ 
 1,930,263 
   
   
 $ 
 1,970,226 
   
   
 $ 
 2,145,392 
   
   
 $ 
 2,238,142 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 156,029 
   
   
   
 219,739 
   
   
   
 341,056 
   
   
   
 526,587 
   
   
   
 813,855 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
   
 1,704,608 
   
   
   
 1,710,524 
   
   
   
 1,629,170 
   
   
   
 1,618,805 
   
   
   
 1,424,287 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 90,045 
   
   
   
 147,388 
   
   
   
 174,059 
   
   
   
 634,547 
   
   
   
 2,074,671 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
    
   
 1,614,563 
   
   
   
 1,563,136 
   
   
   
 1,455,111 
   
   
   
 984,258 
   
   
   
 (650,384 
 )  
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 997,995 
   
   
   
 1,097,857 
   
   
   
 980,623 
   
   
   
 1,041,858 
   
   
   
 1,005,644 
   
 
   Noninterest expense: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill impairment 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,606,944 
   
 
   Other noninterest expense 
    
   
 1,758,003 
   
   
   
 1,835,876 
   
   
   
 1,728,500 
   
   
   
 1,673,805 
   
   
   
 1,426,499 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 1,758,003 
   
   
   
 1,835,876 
   
   
   
 1,728,500 
   
   
   
 1,673,805 
   
   
   
 4,033,443 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
    
   
 854,555 
   
   
   
 825,117 
   
   
   
 707,234 
   
   
   
 352,311 
   
   
   
 (3,678,183 
 )  
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
    
   
 215,814 
   
   
   
 184,095 
   
   
   
 164,621 
   
   
   
 39,964 
   
   
   
 (584,004 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
   
 $ 
 542,613 
   
   
 $ 
 312,347 
   
   
 $ 
 (3,094,179 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Dividends on preferred shares 
    
   
 31,869 
   
   
   
 31,989 
   
   
   
 30,813 
   
   
   
 172,032 
   
   
   
 174,756 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 
    
 $ 
 606,872 
   
   
 $ 
 609,033 
   
   
 $ 
 511,800 
   
   
 $ 
 140,315 
   
   
 $ 
 (3,268,935 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) per common share—basic 
    
 $ 
 0.73 
   
   
 $ 
 0.71 
   
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
   
 $ 
 (6.14 
 )  
 
   Net income (loss) per common share—diluted 
    
   
 0.72 
   
   
   
 0.71 
   
   
   
 0.59 
   
   
   
 0.19 
   
   
   
 (6.14 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
    
   
 0.19 
   
   
   
 0.16 
   
   
   
 0.10 
   
   
   
 0.04 
   
   
   
 0.04 
   
 
   Balance sheet highlights 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets (period end) 
    
 $ 
 59,476,344 
   
   
 $ 
 56,153,185 
   
   
 $ 
 54,450,652 
   
   
 $ 
 53,819,642 
   
   
 $ 
 51,554,665 
   
 
   Total long-term debt (period end) (2) 
    
   
 2,458,272 
   
   
   
 1,364,834 
   
   
   
 3,097,857 
   
   
   
 3,813,827 
   
   
   
 3,802,670 
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity (period end) 
    
   
 6,099,323 
   
   
   
 5,790,211 
   
   
   
 5,418,100 
   
   
   
 4,980,542 
   
   
   
 5,336,002 
   
 
   Average long-term debt (2) 
    
   
 2,372,765 
   
   
   
 2,273,140 
   
   
   
 3,275,913 
   
   
   
 3,953,177 
   
   
   
 5,558,001 
   
 
   Average shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 5,914,914 
   
   
   
 5,671,455 
   
   
   
 5,237,541 
   
   
   
 5,482,502 
   
   
   
 5,787,401 
   
 
   Average total assets 
    
   
 56,299,313 
   
   
   
 55,673,599 
   
   
   
 53,750,054 
   
   
   
 52,574,231 
   
   
   
 52,440,268 
   
 
   Key ratios and statistics 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Margin analysis—as a % of average earnings assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest income (3) 
    
   
 3.66 
 %  
   
   
 3.85 
 %  
   
   
 4.09 
 %  
   
   
 4.55 
 %  
   
   
 4.88 
 %  
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 0.30 
   
   
   
 0.44 
   
   
   
 0.71 
   
   
   
 1.11 
   
   
   
 1.77 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest margin (3) 
    
   
 3.36 
 %  
   
   
 3.41 
 %  
   
   
 3.38 
 %  
   
   
 3.44 
 %  
   
   
 3.11 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Return on average total assets 
    
   
 1.13 
 %  
   
   
 1.15 
 %  
   
   
 1.01 
 %  
   
   
 0.59 
 %  
   
   
 (5.90 
 )%  
 
   Return on average common shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 11.0 
   
   
   
 11.5 
   
   
   
 10.5 
   
   
   
 3.7 
   
   
   
 (80.8 
 )  
 
   Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (4), (8) 
    
   
 12.7 
   
   
   
 13.5 
   
   
   
 12.7 
   
   
   
 5.6 
   
   
   
 (22.4 
 )  
 
   Efficiency ratio (5) 
    
   
 62.9 
   
   
   
 63.4 
   
   
   
 63.7 
   
   
   
 60.4 
   
   
   
 55.4 
   
 
   Dividend payout ratio 
    
   
 26.0 
   
   
   
 22.5 
   
   
   
 16.9 
   
   
   
 21.1 
   
   
   
 N.R. 
   
 
   Average shareholders’ equity to average assets 
    
   
 10.51 
   
   
   
 10.19 
   
   
   
 9.74 
   
   
   
 10.43 
   
   
   
 11.04 
   
 
   Effective tax rate (benefit) 
    
   
 25.3 
   
   
   
 22.3 
   
   
   
 23.3 
   
   
   
 11.3 
   
   
   
 (15.9 
 )  
 
   Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio (period end) (8) 
    
   
 10.90 
   
   
   
 10.48 
   
   
   
 10.00 
   
   
   
 9.29 
   
   
   
 6.76 
   
 
   Tangible common equity to tangible assets (period end)  (6), (8) 
    
   
 8.83 
   
   
   
 8.76 
   
   
   
 8.30 
   
   
   
 7.56 
   
   
   
 5.92 
   
 
   Tangible equity to tangible assets (period end) (7), (8) 
    
   
 9.49 
   
   
   
 9.46 
   
   
   
 9.02 
   
   
   
 8.24 
   
   
   
 9.24 
   
 
   Tier 1 leverage ratio (period end) 
    
   
 10.67 
   
   
   
 10.36 
   
   
   
 10.28 
   
   
   
 9.41 
   
   
   
 10.09 
   
 
   Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (period end) 
    
   
 12.28 
   
   
   
 12.02 
   
   
   
 12.11 
   
   
   
 11.55 
   
   
   
 12.15 
   
 
   Total risk-based capital ratio (period end) 
    
   
 14.57 
   
   
   
 14.50 
   
   
   
 14.77 
   
   
   
 14.46 
   
   
   
 14.55 
   
 
   Other data 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Full-time equivalent employees (average) 
    
   
 11,964 
   
   
   
 11,494 
   
   
   
 11,398 
   
   
   
 11,038 
   
   
   
 10,384 
   
 
   Domestic banking offices (period end) 
    
   
 711 
   
   
   
 705 
   
   
   
 668 
   
   
   
 620 
   
   
   
 611 
   
   N.R.—Not relevant, as denominator of calculation is a loss in prior period compared with income in current period.
 
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (1) 
   Comparisons for
presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. Refer to the Significant Items for additional discussion regarding these key factors.  
 
 
 (2)   
   Includes FHLB advances, subordinated notes, and other long-term debt. At December 31, 2013, FHLB advances excludes $1.8 billion of advances that
are short-term in nature.  
 
 
 (3)   
   On an FTE basis assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (4)   
   Net income (loss) less expense excluding amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible shareholders’ equity. Average
tangible shareholders’ equity equals average total shareholders’ equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. Expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability, and calculated
assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (5)   
   Noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles divided by the sum of FTE net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains.
 
 
 
 (6)   
   Tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other
intangible assets). Other intangible assets are net of deferred tax, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (7)   
   Tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible
assets). Other intangible assets are net of deferred tax, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (8)   
   Tier 1 common equity, tangible equity, tangible common equity, and tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. Additionally, any ratios utilizing
these financial measures are also non-GAAP. These financial measures have been included as they are considered to be critical metrics with which to analyze and evaluate financial condition and capital strength. Other companies may calculate these
financial measures differently.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations    INTRODUCTION  
 We are a multi-state diversified regional bank holding company organized under Maryland law in 1966 and headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.
Through the Bank, we have 148 years of servicing the financial needs of our customers. Through our subsidiaries, we provide full-service commercial and consumer banking services, mortgage banking services, automobile financing, equipment leasing,
investment management, trust services, brokerage services, insurance service programs, and other financial products and services. Our 695 branches are located in Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Indiana, West Virginia, and Kentucky. Selected financial
services and other activities are also conducted in various other states. International banking services are available through the headquarters office in Columbus, Ohio and a limited purpose office located in the Cayman Islands and another limited
purpose office located in Hong Kong. Our foreign banking activities, in total or with any individual country, are not significant.    The following MD&A provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The MD&A should be
read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and other information contained in this report.    Our discussion is divided into key segments:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Executive Overview  – Provides a summary of our current financial performance, and business overview, including our thoughts on the impact
of the economy, legislative and regulatory initiatives, and recent industry developments. This section also provides our outlook regarding our 2014 expectations.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Discussion of Results of Operations —Reviews financial performance from a consolidated perspective. It also includes a Significant Items
section that summarizes key issues helpful for understanding performance trends. Key consolidated average balance sheet and income statement trends are also discussed in this section.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Risk Management and Capital  - Discusses credit, market, liquidity, operational risks, and compliance including how these are managed, as well as
performance trends. It also includes a discussion of liquidity policies, how we obtain funding, and related performance. In addition, there is a discussion of guarantees and / or commitments made for items such as standby letters of credit and
commitments to sell loans, and a discussion that reviews the adequacy of capital, including regulatory capital requirements.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Business Segment Discussion —Provides an overview of financial performance for each of our major business segments and provides additional
discussion of trends underlying consolidated financial performance.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Results for the Fourth Quarter  - Provides a discussion of results for the 2013 fourth quarter compared with the 2012 fourth quarter.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Additional Disclosures  - Provides comments on important matters including forward-looking statements, critical accounting policies and use of
significant estimates, recent accounting pronouncements and developments, and acquisitions.  
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    2013 Financial Performance Review    In 2013, we reported net income of
$638.7 million, or $0.72 per common share, relatively unchanged from the prior year. This resulted in a 1.13% return on average assets and a 12.7% return on average tangible common equity. In addition, we grew our base of consumer and business
customers while our efficiency ratio decreased to 62.9% in 2013 from 63.4% in 2012. Results from our strategic business investments and OCR sales approach continued in 2013.  (Also, see Significant Items Influencing Financial Performance
Comparisons within the Discussion of Results of Operations.)     Fully-taxable equivalent net interest income was $1.7
billion in 2013, an increase of $1.0 million, or less than 1%, compared with 2012. This reflected the impact of 4% loan growth, offset by a 5 basis point decline in the net interest margin to 3.36%, as well as a 7% reduction in other earning assets,
the majority of which were loans held for sale. The loan growth reflected an increase in average C&I loans due to continued growth within the middle market healthcare vertical, equipment finance, and dealer floorplan loans. Also, our average
automobile loans increased, as the growth in originations remained strong and we kept these loans on our balance sheet instead of selling them through securitizations. As expected, our CRE portfolio declined, reflecting continued runoff as
acceptable returns for new originations were balanced against internal concentration limits and increased competition for projects sponsored by high quality developers. Average loans held-for-sale decreased, reflecting the impact of automobile
securitizations completed in 2012 and no such securitizations in 2013.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Noninterest income was $1.0 billion in 2013, a 9% decrease compared with 2012. Mortgage
banking income was down $64.2 million due to a reduction in volume, lower gain on sale margin, and a higher percentage of originations held on the balance sheet. In addition, gains on sale of loans were down $40.0 million due to no auto
securitizations in 2013. Service charges increased $9.6 million in 2013 despite a decrease of approximately $28 million due to a change that we made in February 2013 on posting order for our consumer transaction accounts.  
 Noninterest expense was $1.8 billion in 2013, a 4% decrease compared with 2012. The decrease was primarily due to lower marketing,
deposit and other insurance, professional services and other expense as we actively managed the pace and size of investment. Other expense declined due to lower mortgage repurchase and warranty, and OREO and foreclosure expenses. This was partially
offset by franchise repositioning expense related significant items included in net occupancy ($12.1 million), personnel costs ($6.7 million), equipment ($2.4 million), outside data processing and other services ($1.4 million), and other expense
($1.0 million). The increase in personnel costs primarily related to the increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees was partially offset by a significant item of $33.9 million from the pension curtailment gain.  
 Most credit quality related metrics in 2013 reflected continued improvement. NALs declined $85.6 million, or 21%, from 2012 to $322.1
million, or 0.75% of total loans and leases. NPAs declined $93.6 million, or 21%, compared to a year-ago to $352.2 million, or 0.82% of total loans and leases, OREO, and other NPAs. The decreases primarily reflected meaningful improvement in both
CRE and C&I NALs. The provision for credit losses decreased $57.3 million, or 39%, from 2012 due to the continued decline in classified, criticized, and nonaccrual loans and included the implementation of enhancements to our ALLL model. NCOs
decreased $153.8 million, or 45%, from the prior year to $188.7 million. NCOs were an annualized 0.45% of average loans and leases in the current year compared to 0.85% in 2012. Within the consumer portfolio, NCOs related to Chapter 7 bankruptcy
loans amounted to $22.8 million in 2013 and $34.6 million in 2012. The ACL as a percentage of total loans and leases decreased to 1.65% from 1.99% a year ago, while the ACL as a percentage of period-end total NALs increased to 221% from 199%.
   The tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio at December 31, 2013, was 8.83%, up 7 basis points from a year ago.
Our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio at year end was 10.90%, up from 10.48% at the end of 2012. The regulatory Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio at December 31, 2013, was 12.28%, up from 12.02% at December 31, 2012. The increase in the
regulatory Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio reflected the increase in retained earnings, partially offset by the redemption of $50 million of qualifying REIT preferred securities in the 2013 fourth quarter, and growth in risk-weighted assets. All
capital ratios were impacted by the repurchase of 17 million common shares over the last four quarters, none of which were repurchased during the 2013 fourth quarter. We have the ability to repurchase up to $136 million additional shares of
common stock through the first quarter of 2014. We intend to continue disciplined repurchase activity consistent with our annual capital plan, our capital return objectives, and market conditions.  
 Business Overview    General
   Our general business objectives are: (1) grow net interest income and fee income, (2) increase cross-sell
and share-of-wallet across all business segments, (3) improve efficiency ratio, (4) continue to strengthen risk management, including sustained improvements in credit metrics, and (5) maintain strong capital and liquidity positions.
   In 2013, we grew our base of consumer and business customers, while achieving positive operating leverage. Our performance in
the second half of 2013 demonstrates strong business momentum, positioning us well for 2014. Highlights of our financial strength in 2013 include a strong balance sheet, ongoing deposit growth and quality loan growth in commercial and auto lending.
Our deposit and lending growth is the result of focused execution and key strategic investments made over the last four years. We have done all of this while decreasing expenses by 4 percent, year over year, as the result of disciplined expense
management.    We continue to face strong competition from other banks and financial service firms in our markets. To address
these challenges, the cornerstone of our strategy has been to invest in the franchise in order to grow our market share and share-of-wallet. In this regard, our OCR methodology continued to deliver success in 2013. Consumer checking account
households grew by 96 thousand households, or 8%, over the last year. Commercial relationships grew at a rate of 6% and have increased by 9 thousand commercial customers since 2012. Our “Fair Play” philosophy, combined with
continued OCR success, positively impacted results in 2013.    Economy  
 The environment in 2013 was different than we thought it would be when we started the year, as the economic, interest rate, and political
environments were more challenging. Currently, we are seeing good momentum going into 2014, as customers seem to have a slightly better mindset as the political environment seems to be less of an issue and the general economic outlook is more
positive as evidenced by the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Although slower than the national growth rate of 1.74%, aggregate employment growth in our footprint states remained positive at 0.89% over the 12
month period ended October 2013.      
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   According to the Philadelphia FRB Coincident Economic Activity Index, Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio outperformed the nation in the economic recovery to
date and prospects for growth over the next six months appear positive.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Industrial vacancy rates have shown declining trends in our large footprint MSAs.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Consistent with long-term trends, housing prices have been rising broadly across our footprint over 2013 and have tended to be more stable than the
national average.    Legislative and Regulatory  
 A comprehensive discussion of legislative and regulatory matters affecting us can be found in the Regulatory Matters section included in
Item 1 of this Form 10-K.    2014 Expectations    Net interest income is expected to moderately increase. We anticipate an increase in earning assets as total loans moderately grow and investment securities remain near current levels. However, those
benefits to net interest income are expected to be mostly offset by continued downward pressure on NIM. While we are maintaining a disciplined approach to loan pricing, asset yields remain under pressure but the continued opportunity of deposit
repricing remains, albeit closer to current levels.    The C&I portfolio is expected to grow consistent with the anticipated
increase in customer activity. Our C&I loan pipeline remains robust with much of this reflecting the positive impact from our investments in specialized commercial verticals, automotive dealer relationships, focused OCR sales process, and
continued support of middle market and small business lending. Automobile loan originations remain strong, and we currently do not anticipate any automobile securitizations in the near future. Residential mortgages, home equity, and CRE loan
balances are expected to increase modestly.    We anticipate the increase in total loans will modestly outpace growth in total
deposits. This reflects our continued focus on the overall cost of funds, through the issuance of long-term debt, as well as the continued shift towards low- and no-cost demand deposits and money market deposit accounts.  
 Noninterest income, excluding the impact of any net MSR activity, is expected to be slightly lower than recent levels, due to the
anticipated decline in mortgage banking revenues and the continued refinement of products under our Fair Play philosophy.  
 Noninterest expense, excluding the net $10 million of benefit from Significant Items we experienced in 2013, is expected to remain around
current levels. We are committed to delivering positive operating leverage for the 2014 full year.    NPAs are expected to show
continued improvement. This year, NCOs represented the mid-point of our expected normalized range of 35 to 55 basis points. The level of provision for credit losses was below our long-term expectation, and we continue to expect moderate quarterly
volatility.    The effective tax rate for 2014 is expected to be in the range of 25% to 28%, primarily reflecting the impacts of
tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, and general business credits.  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 2—Selected Annual Income Statements (1) 
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Change from 2012 
   
   
   
   
   
 Change from 2011 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 1,860,637 
   
    
 $ 
 (69,626 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 1,930,263 
   
   
 $ 
 (39,963 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )% 
   
 $ 
 1,970,226 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 156,029 
   
    
   
 (63,710 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 219,739 
   
   
   
 (121,317 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 341,056 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
   
 1,704,608 
   
    
   
 (5,916 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,710,524 
   
   
   
 81,354 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 1,629,170 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 90,045 
   
    
   
 (57,343 
 )  
   
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 147,388 
   
   
   
 (26,671 
 )  
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 174,059 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
    
   
 1,614,563 
   
    
   
 51,427 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1,563,136 
   
   
   
 108,025 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 1,455,111 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Service charges on deposit accounts 
    
   
 271,802 
   
    
   
 9,623 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 262,179 
   
   
   
 18,672 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 243,507 
   
 
   Mortgage banking income 
    
   
 126,855 
   
    
   
 (64,237 
 )  
   
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 191,092 
   
   
   
 107,684 
   
   
   
 129 
   
   
   
 83,408 
   
 
   Trust services 
    
   
 123,007 
   
    
   
 1,110 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 121,897 
   
   
   
 2,515 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 119,382 
   
 
   Electronic banking 
    
   
 92,591 
   
    
   
 10,301 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 82,290 
   
   
   
 (29,407 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 111,697 
   
 
   Insurance income 
    
   
 69,264 
   
    
   
 (2,055 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 71,319 
   
   
   
 1,849 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 69,470 
   
 
   Brokerage income 
    
   
 69,189 
   
    
   
 (3,037 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 72,226 
   
   
   
 (8,141 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 80,367 
   
 
   Bank owned life insurance income 
    
   
 56,419 
   
    
   
 377 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 56,042 
   
   
   
 (6,294 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 62,336 
   
 
   Capital markets fees 
    
   
 45,220 
   
    
   
 (2,940 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 48,160 
   
   
   
 11,620 
   
   
   
 32 
   
   
   
 36,540 
   
 
   Gain on sale of loans 
    
   
 18,171 
   
    
   
 (40,011 
 )  
   
   
 (69 
 )  
   
   
 58,182 
   
   
   
 26,238 
   
   
   
 82 
   
   
   
 31,944 
   
 
   Securities gains (losses) 
    
   
 418 
   
    
   
 (4,351 
 )  
   
   
 (91 
 )  
   
   
 4,769 
   
   
   
 8,450 
   
   
   
 N.R. 
   
   
   
 (3,681 
 )  
 
   Other income 
    
   
 125,059 
   
    
   
 (4,642 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 129,701 
   
   
   
 (15,952 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 145,653 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
   
 997,995 
   
    
   
 (99,862 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 1,097,857 
   
   
   
 117,234 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 980,623 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Personnel costs 
    
   
 1,001,637 
   
    
   
 13,444 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 988,193 
   
   
   
 95,659 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 892,534 
   
 
   Outside data processing and other services 
    
   
 199,547 
   
    
   
 9,292 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 190,255 
   
   
   
 1,081 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 189,174 
   
 
   Net occupancy 
    
   
 125,344 
   
    
   
 14,184 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 111,160 
   
   
   
 2,031 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 109,129 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 106,793 
   
    
   
 3,846 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 102,947 
   
   
   
 10,403 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 92,544 
   
 
   Marketing 
    
   
 51,185 
   
    
   
 (13,078 
 )  
   
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 64,263 
   
   
   
 (1,297 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 65,560 
   
 
   Deposit and other insurance expense 
    
   
 50,161 
   
    
   
 (18,169 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 68,330 
   
   
   
 (9,362 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 77,692 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 41,364 
   
    
   
 (5,185 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 46,549 
   
   
   
 (6,769 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 53,318 
   
 
   Professional services 
    
   
 40,587 
   
    
   
 (25,171 
 )  
   
   
 (38 
 )  
   
   
 65,758 
   
   
   
 (2,858 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 68,616 
   
 
   Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 798 
   
   
   
 N.R 
   
   
   
 (798 
 )  
   
   
 8,899 
   
   
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 (9,697 
 )  
 
   Other expense 
    
   
 141,385 
   
    
   
 (57,834 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 199,219 
   
   
   
 9,589 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 189,630 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 1,758,003 
   
    
   
 (77,873 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 1,835,876 
   
   
   
 107,376 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 1,728,500 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 854,555 
   
    
   
 29,438 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 825,117 
   
   
   
 117,883 
   
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 707,234 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 215,814 
   
    
   
 31,719 
   
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 184,095 
   
   
   
 19,474 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 164,621 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
    
 $ 
 (2,281 
 )  
   
   
 — 
 %  
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
   
 $ 
 98,409 
   
   
   
 18 
 % 
   
 $ 
 542,613 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Dividends on preferred shares 
    
   
 31,869 
   
    
   
 (120 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31,989 
   
   
   
 1,176 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 30,813 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income applicable to common shares 
    
 $ 
 606,872 
   
    
 $ 
 (2,161 
 )  
   
   
 — 
 %  
   
 $ 
 609,033 
   
   
 $ 
 97,233 
   
   
   
 19 
 % 
   
 $ 
 511,800 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Average common shares—basic 
    
   
 834,205 
   
    
   
 (23,757 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )%  
   
   
 857,962 
   
   
   
 (5,729 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )% 
   
   
 863,691 
   
 
   Average common shares—diluted (2) 
    
   
 843,974 
   
    
   
 (19,428 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 863,402 
   
   
   
 (4,222 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 867,624 
   
 
   Per common share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income—basic 
    
 $ 
 0.73 
   
    
 $ 
 0.02 
   
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 0.71 
   
   
 $ 
 0.12 
   
   
   
 20 
 % 
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 
   Net income—diluted 
    
   
 0.72 
   
    
   
 0.01 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 0.71 
   
   
   
 0.12 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 0.59 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
   
 0.19 
   
    
   
 0.03 
   
   
   
 19 
   
   
   
 0.16 
   
   
   
 0.06 
   
   
   
 60 
   
   
   
 0.10 
   
 
   Revenue—FTE 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 1,704,608 
   
    
 $ 
 (5,916 
 )  
   
   
 — 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,710,524 
   
   
 $ 
 81,354 
   
   
   
 5 
 % 
   
 $ 
 1,629,170 
   
 
   FTE adjustment 
    
   
 27,340 
   
    
   
 6,934 
   
   
   
 34 
   
   
   
 20,406 
   
   
   
 5,490 
   
   
   
 37 
   
   
   
 14,916 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income (3) 
    
   
 1,731,948 
   
    
   
 1,018 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,730,930 
   
   
   
 86,844 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 1,644,086 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 997,995 
   
    
   
 (99,862 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 1,097,857 
   
   
   
 117,234 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 980,623 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue (3) 
    
 $ 
 2,729,943 
   
    
 $ 
 (98,844 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 2,828,787 
   
   
 $ 
 204,078 
   
   
   
 8 
 % 
   
 $ 
 2,624,709 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   N.R. — Not relevant, as denominator of calculation is a loss in prior period compared with income in current period.
 
 
 
 (1)   
   Comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. Refer to “Significant Items”.  
 
 
 (2)   
   Net income excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible common shareholders’ equity. Average
tangible common shareholders’ equity equals average total common shareholders’ equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. Expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability, and
calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (3)   
   On a fully-taxable equivalent (FTE) basis assuming a 35% tax rate.  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DISCUSSION OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 This section provides a review of financial performance from a consolidated perspective. It also includes a Significant Items section that
summarizes key issues important for a complete understanding of performance trends. Key consolidated balance sheet and income statement trends are discussed. All earnings per share data is reported on a diluted basis. For additional insight on
financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the Business Segment Discussion.    Significant Items  
 Definition of Significant Items    From time-to-time, revenue, expenses, or taxes, are impacted by items judged by us to be outside of ordinary banking activities and / or by items that, while they may be associated with ordinary banking
activities, are so unusually large that their outsized impact is believed by us at that time to be infrequent or short-term in nature. We refer to such items as Significant Items. Most often, these Significant Items result from factors originating
outside the company; e.g., regulatory actions / assessments, windfall gains, changes in accounting principles, one-time tax assessments / refunds, litigation actions, etc. In other cases they may result from our decisions associated with significant
corporate actions out of the ordinary course of business; e.g., merger / restructuring charges, recapitalization actions, goodwill impairment, etc.    Even though certain revenue and expense items are naturally subject to more volatility than others due to changes in market and economic environment conditions, as a general rule volatility alone does not
define a Significant Item. For example, changes in the provision for credit losses, gains / losses from investment activities, asset valuation writedowns, etc., reflect ordinary banking activities and are, therefore, typically excluded from
consideration as a Significant Item.    We believe the disclosure of Significant Items provides a better understanding of our
performance and trends to ascertain which of such items, if any, to include or exclude from an analysis of our performance; i.e., within the context of determining how that performance differed from expectations, as well as how, if at all, to adjust
estimates of future performance accordingly. To this end, we adopted a practice of listing Significant Items in our external disclosure documents; e.g., earnings press releases, investor presentations, Forms 10-Q and
 10-K.     Significant Items for any particular period are not intended to be a complete
list of items that may materially impact current or future period performance.    Significant Items Influencing Financial Performance
Comparisons    Earnings comparisons among the three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011 were impacted by a
number of Significant Items summarized below.      
 
 
   
 1. 
 Pension Curtailment Gain.  During the 2013 third quarter, a $33.9 million pension curtailment gain was recorded in personnel costs. This resulted in a positive
impact of $0.03 per common share for 2013.      
 
 
   
 2. 
 Franchise Repositioning Related Expense.  During 2013, $23.5 million of franchise repositioning related expense was recorded. This resulted in a negative impact
of $0.02 per common share for 2013.      
 
 
   
 3. 
 State deferred tax asset valuation allowance adjustment.  During 2012, a valuation allowance of $21.3 million (net of tax) was released for the portion of the
deferred tax asset and state net operating loss carryforwards expected to be realized. This resulted in a positive impact of $0.02 per common share for 2012. Additional information can be found in the Provision for Income Taxes section within this
MD&A.      
 
 
   
 4. 
 Bargain Purchase Gain.  During 2012, an $11.2 million bargain purchase gain associated with the FDIC-assisted Fidelity Bank acquisition was recorded in
noninterest income. This resulted in a positive impact of $0.01 per common share for 2012.      
 
 
   
 5. 
 Litigation Reserve.  $23.5 million and $17.0 million of additions to litigation reserves were recorded as other noninterest expense in 2012 and 2011,
respectively. This resulted in a negative impact of $0.02 per common share in 2012 and $0.01 per common share in 2011.      
 
 
   
 6. 
   Visa ® .  Prior to the Visa ®  IPO occurring in March 2008, Visa ®  was owned by its member banks, which included the Bank. As a result of this ownership, we received Class B shares of Visa ®  stock at the time of the Visa ®  IPO. In 2009, we sold these
Visa ®  stock shares, resulting in a $31.4 million pretax gain ($.04 per common share). This amount was recorded
to noninterest income. In 2011, a $6.4 million derivative loss due to an increase in the liability associated with the sale of these shares was recorded to noninterest income.  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 7. 
 Early Extinguishment of Debt.  The positive impact relating to the early extinguishment of debt on our reported results was $9.7 million ($0.01 per common share)
in 2011.    The following table reflects the earnings impact of the above-mentioned Significant Items for periods
affected by this Results of Operations discussion:    Table 3—Significant Items Influencing Earnings Performance Comparison
(1)        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
 After-tax 
   
   
 EPS 
   
   
 After-tax 
   
   
 EPS 
   
   
 After-tax 
   
   
 EPS 
   


 
   Net income —GAAP 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 542,613 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per share, after-tax 
      
   
   
 0.72 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0.71 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0.59 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Significant items—favorable (unfavorable) impact: 
    
 Earnings (2) 
   
   
 EPS (3)(4) 
   
   
 Earnings (2) 
   
   
 EPS (3)(4) 
   
   
 Earnings (2) 
   
   
 EPS (3)(4) 
   
 
   Pension curtailment gain 
    
 $ 
 33,926 
   
   
 $ 
 0.03 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Franchise repositioning related expense 
    
   
 (23,461 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   State deferred tax asset valuation allowance adjustment (4) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 21,251 
   
   
   
 0.02 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Bargain purchase gain 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,217 
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Litigation reserves addition 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,500 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
   
   
 (17,028 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
 
 Visa ® -related
 derivative loss 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6,385 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,697 
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
   (1) See Significant Items Influencing Financial Performance discussion.    
 (2)
 Pretax unless otherwise noted.      (3) Based upon the annual average outstanding diluted common shares.  
   (4) After-tax.      Net Interest Income / Average Balance Sheet    Our primary source of revenue
is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from earning assets (primarily loans, securities, and direct financing leases), and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings).
Earning asset balances and related funding sources, as well as changes in the levels of interest rates, impact net interest income. The difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities
is the net interest spread. Noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders’ equity, also support earning assets. The impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds, often referred to as “free”
funds, is captured in the net interest margin, which is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. Both the net interest margin and net interest spread are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, which means that
tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax equivalent income, assuming a 35% tax rate.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table shows changes in fully-taxable equivalent interest income, interest
expense, and net interest income due to volume and rate variances for major categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities:    Table 4—Change in Net Interest Income Due to Changes in Average Volume and Interest Rates (1)       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Increase (Decrease) From Previous Year Due To 
   
   
 Increase (Decrease) From Previous Year Due To 
   
 
   Fully-taxable equivalent
basis (2) 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 Volume 
   
   
 Yield/ Rate 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Volume 
   
   
 Yield/ Rate 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Loans and direct financing leases 
    
 $ 
 66.1 
   
   
 $ 
 (108.7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (42.6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 58.6 
   
   
 $ 
 (105.6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (47.0 
 )  
 
   Investment securities 
    
   
 (3.7 
 )  
   
   
 2.0 
   
   
   
 (1.7 
 )  
   
   
 1.9 
   
   
   
 (2.1 
 )  
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
   Other earning assets 
    
   
 (16.8 
 )  
   
   
 (1.7 
 )  
   
   
 (18.5 
 )  
   
   
 24.2 
   
   
   
 (11.5 
 )  
   
   
 12.7 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total interest income from earning assets 
    
   
 45.6 
   
   
   
 (108.4 
 )  
   
   
 (62.8 
 )  
   
   
 84.7 
   
   
   
 (119.2 
 )  
   
   
 (34.5 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 1.0 
   
   
   
 (46.9 
 )  
   
   
 (45.9 
 )  
   
   
 (3.0 
 )  
   
   
 (94.8 
 )  
   
   
 (97.8 
 )  
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 (0.7 
 )  
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 (1.3 
 )  
   
   
 (1.2 
 )  
   
   
 (0.3 
 )  
   
   
 (1.5 
 )  
 
   Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 0.8 
   
   
   
 (0.5 
 )  
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
   
 (0.8 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Subordinated notes and other long-term debt, including capital securities 
    
   
 (8.3 
 )  
   
   
 (8.6 
 )  
   
   
 (16.9 
 )  
   
   
 (32.0 
 )  
   
   
 10.0 
   
   
   
 (22.0 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total interest expense of interest-bearing liabilities 
    
   
 (7.2 
 )  
   
   
 (56.6 
 )  
   
   
 (63.8 
 )  
   
   
 (35.4 
 )  
   
   
 (85.9 
 )  
   
   
 (121.3 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 52.8 
   
   
 $ 
 (51.8 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1.0 
   
   
 $ 
 120.1 
   
   
 $ 
 (33.3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 86.8 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   The change in interest rates due to both rate and volume has been allocated between the factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute
dollar amounts of the change in each  
 
 
 (2)   
   Calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.    
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 5—Consolidated Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest Margin Analysis  
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Average Balances 
   
 
 Fully-taxable equivalent basis (1) 
    
   
   
   
 Change from 2012 
   
   
   
   
   
 Change from 2011 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest-bearing deposits in banks 
    
 $ 
 70 
   
   
 $ 
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )% 
   
 $ 
 95 
   
   
 $ 
 (38 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )% 
   
 $ 
 133 
   
 
   Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreement 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (100 
 )  
   
   
 5 
   
 
   Loans held for sale 
    
   
 521 
   
   
   
 (566 
 )  
   
   
 (52 
 )  
   
   
 1,087 
   
   
   
 799 
   
   
   
 277 
   
   
   
 288 
   
 
   Available-for-sale and other securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Taxable 
    
   
 6,383 
   
   
   
 (1,515 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 7,898 
   
   
   
 (473 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 8,371 
   
 
   Tax-exempt 
    
   
 563 
   
   
   
 136 
   
   
   
 32 
   
   
   
 427 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 428 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total available-for-sale and other securities 
    
   
 6,946 
   
   
   
 (1,379 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 8,325 
   
   
   
 (474 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 8,799 
   
 
   Trading account securities 
    
   
 80 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 19 
   
   
   
 67 
   
   
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 107 
   
 
   Held-to-maturity securities—taxable 
    
   
 2,155 
   
   
   
 1,230 
   
   
   
 133 
   
   
   
 925 
   
   
   
 550 
   
   
   
 147 
   
   
   
 375 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total securities 
    
   
 9,181 
   
   
   
 (136 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 9,317 
   
   
   
 36 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,281 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Loans and leases: (3) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
   
 17,174 
   
   
   
 1,230 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 15,944 
   
   
   
 2,347 
   
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 13,597 
   
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Construction 
    
   
 580 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 582 
   
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 592 
   
 
   Commercial 
    
   
 4,449 
   
   
   
 (749 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 5,198 
   
   
   
 (415 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 5,613 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 5,029 
   
   
   
 (751 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 5,780 
   
   
   
 (425 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 6,205 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
    
   
 22,203 
   
   
   
 479 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 21,724 
   
   
   
 1,922 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 19,802 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consumer: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile loans and leases 
    
   
 5,679 
   
   
   
 1,153 
   
   
   
 25 
   
   
   
 4,526 
   
   
   
 (1,351 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 5,877 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 8,310 
   
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,315 
   
   
   
 375 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 7,940 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 5,198 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,190 
   
   
   
 473 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 4,717 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 436 
   
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 455 
   
   
   
 (76 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 531 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
    
   
 19,623 
   
   
   
 1,137 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 18,486 
   
   
   
 (579 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 19,065 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
   
 41,826 
   
   
   
 1,616 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 40,210 
   
   
   
 1,343 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 38,867 
   
 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 (725 
 )  
   
   
 151 
   
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (876 
 )  
   
   
 233 
   
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 (1,109 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net loans and leases 
    
   
 41,101 
   
   
   
 1,767 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 39,334 
   
   
   
 1,576 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 37,758 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total earning assets 
    
   
 51,598 
   
   
   
 889 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 50,709 
   
   
   
 2,135 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 48,574 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and due from banks 
    
   
 908 
   
   
   
 (182 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 1,090 
   
   
   
 (346 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 1,436 
   
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 557 
   
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 600 
   
   
   
 (45 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 645 
   
 
   All other assets 
    
   
 3,961 
   
   
   
 (190 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 4,151 
   
   
   
 (53 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 4,204 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 56,299 
   
   
 $ 
 625 
   
   
   
 1 
 % 
   
 $ 
 55,674 
   
   
 $ 
 1,924 
   
   
   
 4 
 % 
   
 $ 
 53,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deposits: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Demand deposits—noninterest-bearing 
    
 $ 
 12,871 
   
   
 $ 
 671 
   
   
   
 6 
 % 
   
 $ 
 12,200 
   
   
 $ 
 3,547 
   
   
   
 41 
 % 
   
 $ 
 8,653 
   
 
   Demand deposits—interest-bearing 
    
   
 5,855 
   
   
   
 44 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 5,811 
   
   
   
 294 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 5,517 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total demand deposits 
    
   
 18,726 
   
   
   
 715 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 18,011 
   
   
   
 3,841 
   
   
   
 27 
   
   
   
 14,170 
   
 
   Money market deposits 
    
   
 15,675 
   
   
   
 1,774 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 13,901 
   
   
   
 579 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 13,322 
   
 
   Savings and other domestic deposits 
    
   
 5,029 
   
   
   
 96 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 4,933 
   
   
   
 198 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 4,735 
   
 
   Core certificates of deposit 
    
   
 4,549 
   
   
   
 (1,672 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 6,221 
   
   
   
 (1,481 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 7,702 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total core deposits 
    
   
 43,979 
   
   
   
 913 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 43,066 
   
   
   
 3,137 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 39,929 
   
 
   Other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more 
    
   
 306 
   
   
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 326 
   
   
   
 (139 
 )  
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 465 
   
 
   Brokered time deposits and negotiable CDs 
    
   
 1,606 
   
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1,590 
   
   
   
 168 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 1,422 
   
 
   Deposits in foreign offices 
    
   
 346 
   
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 372 
   
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 389 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deposits 
    
   
 46,237 
   
   
   
 883 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 45,354 
   
   
   
 3,149 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 42,205 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 700 
   
   
   
 (610 
 )  
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 1,310 
   
   
   
 (745 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 2,055 
   
 
   Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 711 
   
   
   
 413 
   
   
   
 139 
   
   
   
 298 
   
   
   
 187 
   
   
   
 168 
   
   
   
 111 
   
 
   Subordinated notes and other long-term debt 
    
   
 1,662 
   
   
   
 (314 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 1,976 
   
   
   
 (1,189 
 )  
   
   
 (38 
 )  
   
   
 3,165 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total interest-bearing liabilities 
    
   
 36,439 
   
   
   
 (299 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 36,738 
   
   
   
 (2,145 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 38,883 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   All other liabilities 
    
   
 1,074 
   
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1,065 
   
   
   
 89 
   
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 976 
   
 
   Shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 5,915 
   
   
   
 244 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 5,671 
   
   
   
 433 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 5,238 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 56,299 
   
   
 $ 
 625 
   
   
   
 1 
 % 
   
 $ 
 55,674 
   
   
 $ 
 1,924 
   
   
   
 4 
 % 
   
 $ 
 53,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Continued  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 6—Consolidated Average Balance Sheet and Net Interest Margin Analysis
(Continued)        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fully-taxable equivalent basis (1) 
    
 Interest Income / Expense 
   
   
 Average Rate (2) 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest-bearing deposits in banks 
    
 $ 
 0.1 
   
    
 $ 
 0.2 
   
   
 $ 
 0.1 
   
   
   
 0.15 
 % 
   
   
 0.21 
 % 
   
   
 0.11 
 % 
 
   Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreement 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 0.29 
   
   
   
 0.09 
   
 
   Loans held for sale 
    
   
 18.9 
   
    
   
 36.8 
   
   
   
 12.3 
   
   
   
 3.63 
   
   
   
 3.38 
   
   
   
 4.27 
   
 
   Available-for-sale and other securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Taxable 
    
   
 148.6 
   
    
   
 184.3 
   
   
   
 208.0 
   
   
   
 2.33 
   
   
   
 2.33 
   
   
   
 2.48 
   
 
   Tax-exempt 
    
   
 25.7 
   
    
   
 17.7 
   
   
   
 18.3 
   
   
   
 4.56 
   
   
   
 4.14 
   
   
   
 4.28 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total available-for-sale and other securities 
    
   
 174.2 
   
    
   
 202.0 
   
   
   
 226.3 
   
   
   
 2.51 
   
   
   
 2.43 
   
   
   
 2.57 
   
 
   Trading account securities 
    
   
 0.4 
   
    
   
 0.9 
   
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
   
 0.44 
   
   
   
 1.27 
   
   
   
 1.37 
   
 
   Held-to-maturity securities—taxable 
    
   
 50.2 
   
    
   
 24.1 
   
   
   
 11.2 
   
   
   
 2.33 
   
   
   
 2.60 
   
   
   
 2.99 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total securities 
    
   
 224.8 
   
    
   
 226.9 
   
   
   
 239.0 
   
   
   
 2.45 
   
   
   
 2.43 
   
   
   
 2.57 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Loans and leases: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
   
 643.7 
   
    
   
 639.5 
   
   
   
 585.6 
   
   
   
 3.75 
   
   
   
 4.01 
   
   
   
 4.31 
   
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Construction 
    
   
 23.4 
   
    
   
 22.9 
   
   
   
 23.0 
   
   
   
 4.04 
   
   
   
 3.93 
   
   
   
 3.88 
   
 
   Commercial 
    
   
 182.6 
   
    
   
 208.6 
   
   
   
 222.7 
   
   
   
 4.11 
   
   
   
 4.01 
   
   
   
 3.97 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 206.1 
   
    
   
 231.5 
   
   
   
 245.7 
   
   
   
 4.10 
   
   
   
 4.00 
   
   
   
 3.96 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
    
   
 849.8 
   
    
   
 871.0 
   
   
   
 831.3 
   
   
   
 3.83 
   
   
   
 4.01 
   
   
   
 4.20 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consumer: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile loans and leases 
    
   
 221.5 
   
    
   
 214.1 
   
   
   
 293.2 
   
   
   
 3.90 
   
   
   
 4.73 
   
   
   
 4.99 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 345.4 
   
    
   
 355.9 
   
   
   
 355.0 
   
   
   
 4.16 
   
   
   
 4.28 
   
   
   
 4.47 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 199.6 
   
    
   
 212.7 
   
   
   
 213.6 
   
   
   
 3.84 
   
   
   
 4.10 
   
   
   
 4.53 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 27.9 
   
    
   
 33.3 
   
   
   
 40.6 
   
   
   
 6.41 
   
   
   
 7.31 
   
   
   
 7.63 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
    
   
 794.4 
   
    
   
 815.9 
   
   
   
 902.4 
   
   
   
 4.05 
   
   
   
 4.41 
   
   
   
 4.73 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
   
 1,644.2 
   
    
   
 1,686.8 
   
   
   
 1,733.7 
   
   
   
 3.93 
   
   
   
 4.19 
   
   
   
 4.46 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total earning assets  
    
 $ 
 1,888.0 
    
    
 $ 
 1,950.7 
    
   
 $ 
 1,985.1 
    
   
   
 3.66 
 %  
   
   
 3.85 
 %  
   
   
 4.09 
 %    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity Deposits: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Demand deposits—noninterest-bearing 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
   
 — 
 %   
   
   
 — 
 %   
   
   
 — 
 %   
 
   Demand deposits—interest-bearing 
    
   
 2.5 
   
    
   
 3.6 
   
   
   
 5.1 
   
   
   
 0.04 
   
   
   
 0.06 
   
   
   
 0.09 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total demand deposits 
    
   
 2.5 
   
    
   
 3.6 
   
   
   
 5.1 
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
   
   
 0.02 
   
   
   
 0.04 
   
 
   Money market deposits 
    
   
 38.8 
   
    
   
 40.2 
   
   
   
 54.3 
   
   
   
 0.25 
   
   
   
 0.29 
   
   
   
 0.41 
   
 
   Savings and other domestic deposits 
    
   
 13.3 
   
    
   
 18.9 
   
   
   
 32.7 
   
   
   
 0.26 
   
   
   
 0.38 
   
   
   
 0.69 
   
 
   Core certificates of deposit 
    
   
 50.5 
   
    
   
 85.0 
   
   
   
 150.0 
   
   
   
 1.11 
   
   
   
 1.37 
   
   
   
 1.95 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total core deposits 
    
   
 105.2 
   
    
   
 147.7 
   
   
   
 242.2 
   
   
   
 0.34 
   
   
   
 0.48 
   
   
   
 0.77 
   
 
   Other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more 
    
   
 1.4 
   
    
   
 2.1 
   
   
   
 4.5 
   
   
   
 0.47 
   
   
   
 0.66 
   
   
   
 0.97 
   
 
   Brokered time deposits and negotiable CDs 
    
   
 9.1 
   
    
   
 11.7 
   
   
   
 12.5 
   
   
   
 0.57 
   
   
   
 0.74 
   
   
   
 0.88 
   
 
   Deposits in foreign offices 
    
   
 0.5 
   
    
   
 0.7 
   
   
   
 0.9 
   
   
   
 0.15 
   
   
   
 0.18 
   
   
   
 0.23 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deposits 
    
   
 116.2 
   
    
   
 162.2 
   
   
   
 260.1 
   
   
   
 0.35 
   
   
   
 0.49 
   
   
   
 0.78 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 0.7 
   
    
   
 2.0 
   
   
   
 3.5 
   
   
   
 0.10 
   
   
   
 0.16 
   
   
   
 0.17 
   
 
   Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 1.1 
   
    
   
 0.8 
   
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
   
 0.15 
   
   
   
 0.28 
   
   
   
 0.74 
   
 
   Subordinated notes and other long-term debt 
    
   
 38.0 
   
    
   
 54.7 
   
   
   
 76.7 
   
   
   
 2.29 
   
   
   
 2.77 
   
   
   
 2.42 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total interest-bearing liabilities  
    
   
 156.0 
    
    
   
 219.7 
    
   
   
 341.1 
    
   
   
 0.43 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 0.88 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 1,731.9 
   
    
 $ 
 1,730.9 
   
   
 $ 
 1,644.1 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest rate spread 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.23 
   
   
   
 3.25 
   
   
   
 3.21 
   
 
   Impact of noninterest-bearing funds on margin 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0.13 
   
   
   
 0.16 
   
   
   
 0.18 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest margin 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.36 
 % 
   
   
 3.41 
 % 
   
   
 3.38 
 % 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   FTE yields are calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (2)   
   Loan and lease and deposit average rates include impact of applicable derivatives, non-deferrable fees, and amortized fees.
 
 
 
 (3)   
   For purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2013 vs. 2012    Fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2013 increased $1.0 million, or less than 1%, from 2012. This reflected the impact of 4% loan growth, a 5 basis point decrease in the NIM to 3.36%, as well
as a 7% reduction in other earnings assets, the majority of which were loans held for sale. The primary items impacting the decrease in the NIM were:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   19 basis point negative impact from the mix and yield of earning assets primarily reflecting a decrease in consumer loan yields.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   3 basis point decrease in the benefit to the margin of non-interest bearing funds, reflecting lower interest rates on total interest bearing
liabilities from the prior year.    Partially offset by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   14 basis point positive impact from the mix and yield of deposits reflecting the strategic focus on changing the funding sources from higher rate time
deposits to no-cost demand deposits and low-cost money market deposits.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   3 basis point positive impact from noncore funding primarily reflecting lower debt costs.  
 Average earning assets increased $0.9 billion, or 2%, from the prior year, driven by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.2 billion, or 8%, increase in average C&I loans and leases. This reflected the continued growth within the middle market healthcare vertical,
equipment finance, and dealer floorplan.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.2 billion, or 25%, increase in average on balance sheet automobile loans, as the growth in originations, while below industry levels, remained
strong and our investments in the Northeast and upper Midwest continued to grow as planned.    Partially
offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.8 billion, or 13%, decrease in average CRE loans, as acceptable returns for new originations were balanced against internal concentration limits and
increased competition for projects sponsored by high quality developers.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.6 billion, or 52%, decrease in loans held-for-sale reflecting the impact of automobile loan securitizations completed in 2012.
   While there was minimal impact on the full-year average balance sheet, $1.9 billion of net investment
securities were purchased during the 2013 fourth quarter. Our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established asset/liability management objectives. Additionally, $0.6 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments were reclassified
on December 31, 2013 from C&I loans to available-for-sale securities.    Average noninterest bearing deposits increased
$0.7 billion, or 6%, while average interest-bearing liabilities decreased $0.3 billion, or 1%, from 2012, primarily reflecting:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.7 billion, or 27%, decrease in average core certificates of deposit due to the strategic focus on changing the funding sources to no-cost demand
deposits and low-cost money market deposits.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.6 billion, or 47%, decrease in short-term borrowings due to a focused effort to reduce collateralized deposits.  
 Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.8 billion, or 13%, increase in money market deposits reflecting the strategic focus on customer growth and increased share of wallet among both
consumer and commercial customers.    While there was minimal impact on the full-year average balance sheet,
average subordinated notes and other long-term debt reflect the issuance of $0.5 billion and $0.8 billion of long-term debt in the 2013 fourth quarter and the 2013 third quarter, respectively.  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2012 vs. 2011    Fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2012 increased $86.8 million, or 5%, from 2011. This reflected the favorable impact of a $2.1 billion, or 4%, increase in average earning assets, partially
offset by a 3 basis point decline in the net interest margin.    The increase in average earning assets reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.9 billion, or 10%, increase in average commercial loans and leases.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.8 billion, or 277% increase in average loans held for sale.  
 Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.6 billion, or 3% decrease in average consumer loans including a $1.4 billion, or 23%, decrease in automobile loans, reflecting $2.5 billion of
automobile loans sold throughout the year.    The 3 basis point increase in the FTE net interest margin
reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The positive impact of a 29 basis point decline in total deposit costs.  
 Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   24 basis point declines in the yield on earnings assets and a 2 basis point decrease related to non-deposit funding and other items.
   The $3.1 billion, or 8%, increase in average total core deposits from the prior year reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.8 billion, or 27%, increase in total demand deposits.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.6 billion, or 4%, increase in money market deposits.    Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.5 billion, or 19%, decrease in core certificates of deposits.    Provision for Credit Losses    (This section should be read in conjunction with the Credit
Risk section.)    The provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the ALLL and the AULC at levels
appropriate to absorb our estimate of inherent credit losses in the loan and lease portfolio and the portfolio of unfunded loan commitments and letters-of-credit.    The provision for credit losses in 2013 was $90.0 million, down $57.3 million, or 39%, from 2012, reflecting a $153.8 million, or 45%, decrease in NCOs. The provision for credit losses in 2013 was $98.6
million less than total NCOs. In addition, as a result of a review of the existing consumer portfolios, 2013 also includes $22.8 million of Chapter 7 bankruptcy-related losses that were not identified in the 2012 third quarter implementation of the
OCC’s regulatory guidance.  (see Credit Quality discussion)      Noninterest Income  
 (This section should be read in conjunction with Significant Items 4 and 6.)  
 The following table reflects noninterest income for the past three years:    Table 7—Noninterest Income      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Change from 2012 
   
   
   
   
    
 Change from 2011 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Service charges on deposit accounts 
    
 $ 
 271,802 
   
    
 $ 
 9,623 
   
   
   
 4 
 % 
   
 $ 
 262,179 
   
    
 $ 
 18,672 
   
   
   
 8 
 % 
   
 $ 
 243,507 
   
 
   Mortgage banking income 
    
   
 126,855 
   
    
   
 (64,237 
 )  
   
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 191,092 
   
    
   
 107,684 
   
   
   
 129 
   
   
   
 83,408 
   
 
   Trust services 
    
   
 123,007 
   
    
   
 1,110 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 121,897 
   
    
   
 2,515 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 119,382 
   
 
   Electronic banking 
    
   
 92,591 
   
    
   
 10,301 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 82,290 
   
    
   
 (29,407 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 111,697 
   
 
   Insurance income 
    
   
 69,264 
   
    
   
 (2,055 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 71,319 
   
    
   
 1,849 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 69,470 
   
 
   Brokerage income 
    
   
 69,189 
   
    
   
 (3,037 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 72,226 
   
    
   
 (8,141 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 80,367 
   
 
   Bank owned life insurance income 
    
   
 56,419 
   
    
   
 377 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 56,042 
   
    
   
 (6,294 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 62,336 
   
 
   Capital markets fees 
    
   
 45,220 
   
    
   
 (2,940 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 48,160 
   
    
   
 11,620 
   
   
   
 32 
   
   
   
 36,540 
   
 
   Gain on sale of loans 
    
   
 18,171 
   
    
   
 (40,011 
 )  
   
   
 (69 
 )  
   
   
 58,182 
   
    
   
 26,238 
   
   
   
 82 
   
   
   
 31,944 
   
 
   Securities gains (losses) 
    
   
 418 
   
    
   
 (4,351 
 )  
   
   
 (91 
 )  
   
   
 4,769 
   
    
   
 8,450 
   
   
   
 N.R. 
   
   
   
 (3,681 
 )  
 
   Other income 
    
   
 125,059 
   
    
   
 (4,642 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 129,701 
   
    
   
 (15,952 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 145,653 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
 $ 
 997,995 
   
    
 $ 
 (99,862 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )% 
   
 $ 
 1,097,857 
   
    
 $ 
 117,234 
   
   
   
 12 
 % 
   
 $ 
 980,623 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   N.R.—Not relevant, as denominator of calculation is a loss in prior period compared with income in current period.
 
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2013 vs. 2012    Noninterest income decreased $99.9 million, or 9%, from the prior year, primarily reflecting:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $64.2 million, or 34%, decrease in mortgage banking income primarily driven by 9% reduction in volume, lower gain on sale margin, and a higher
percentage of originations held on the balance sheet.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $40.0 million, or 69%, decrease in gain on sale of loans as no auto loan securitizations occurred in 2013 compared to $2.3 billion of auto loan
securitizations in 2012.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.6 million, or 4%, decrease in other income as the prior year included an $11.2 million bargain purchase gain associated with the FDIC-assisted
Fidelity Bank acquisition partially offset by an increase in fees associated with commercial loan activity.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.4 million, or 91%, decrease in securities gains as the prior year had certain securities designated as available-for-sale that were sold and the
proceeds from those sales were reinvested into the held-to-maturity portfolio.    Partially offset by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.3 million, or 13%, increase in electronic banking income due to continued consumer household growth.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.6 million, or 4%, increase in service charges on deposit accounts reflecting 8% consumer household and 6% commercial relationship growth and
changing customer usage patterns. This more than offset the approximately $28.0 million negative impact of the February 2013 implementation of a new posting order for consumer transaction accounts.  
 2012 vs. 2011    Noninterest income
increased $117.2 million, or 12%, from the prior year, primarily reflecting:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $107.7 million, or 129%, increase in mortgage banking income. This primarily reflected a $78.6 million increase in origination and secondary marketing
income. Additionally, we recorded a $14.3 million net trading gain related to MSR hedging in 2012 compared to a net trading loss related to MSR hedging of $11.9 million in 2011.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $26.2 million, or 82%, increase in gain on sale of loans.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $18.7 million, or 8%, increase in service charges on deposits, due to continued strong customer growth.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.6 million, or 32%, increase in capital market fees primarily reflecting strong customer demand for derivatives and other risk management products.
   Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $29.4 million, or 26%, decrease in electronic banking income related to implementing the lower debit card interchange fee structure mandated in the
Durbin Amendment of the Dodd-Frank Act.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $16.0 million, or 11%, decrease in other income, primarily related to a decrease in automobile operating lease income and partially offset by the
bargain purchase gain from the Fidelity Bank acquisition.  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Noninterest Expense    (This section should be read in conjunction with Significant Items 1, 2, 5, and 7.)    The
following table reflects noninterest expense for the past three years:    Table 8—Noninterest Expense  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Change from 2012 
   
   
   
   
   
 Change from 2011 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Personnel costs 
    
 $ 
 1,001,637 
   
    
 $ 
 13,444 
   
   
   
 1 
 % 
   
 $ 
 988,193$ 
   
   
   
 95,659 
   
   
   
 11 
 % 
   
 $ 
 892,534 
   
 
   Outside data processing and other services 
    
   
 199,547 
   
    
   
 9,292 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 190,255 
   
   
   
 1,081 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 189,174 
   
 
   Net occupancy 
    
   
 125,344 
   
    
   
 14,184 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 111,160 
   
   
   
 2,031 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 109,129 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 106,793 
   
    
   
 3,846 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 102,947 
   
   
   
 10,403 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 92,544 
   
 
   Marketing 
    
   
 51,185 
   
    
   
 (13,078 
 )  
   
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 64,263 
   
   
   
 (1,297 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 65,560 
   
 
   Deposit and other insurance expense 
    
   
 50,161 
   
    
   
 (18,169 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 68,330 
   
   
   
 (9,362 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 77,692 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 41,364 
   
    
   
 (5,185 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 46,549 
   
   
   
 (6,769 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 53,318 
   
 
   Professional services 
    
   
 40,587 
   
    
   
 (25,171 
 )  
   
   
 (38 
 )  
   
   
 65,758 
   
   
   
 (2,858 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 68,616 
   
 
   Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 798 
   
   
   
 (100 
 )  
   
   
 (798 
 )  
   
   
 8,899 
   
   
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 (9,697 
 )  
 
   Other expense 
    
   
 141,385 
   
    
   
 (57,834 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 199,219 
   
   
   
 9,589 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 189,630 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
 $ 
 1,758,003 
   
    
 $ 
 (77,873 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )% 
   
 $ 
 1,835,876 
   
   
 $ 
 107,376 
   
   
   
 6 
 % 
   
 $ 
 1,728,500 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of employees (average full-time equivalent) 
    
   
 11,964 
   
    
   
 470 
   
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 11,494 
   
   
   
 96 
   
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 11,398 
   
   2013 vs. 2012    Noninterest expense decreased $77.9 million, or 4%, from 2012, and primarily reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $57.8 million, or 29%, decline in other expense, reflecting a reduction in litigation expense, mortgage repurchases and warranty expense, OREO and
foreclosure costs, and reduction in operating lease expense.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $25.2 million, or 38%, decrease in professional services, reflecting a decrease in outside consultant expenses and legal services, primarily
collections.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $18.2 million, or 27%, decrease in deposit and other insurance expense due to lower insurance premiums.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $13.1 million, or 20%, decrease in marketing, primarily reflecting lower levels of advertising, and reduced promotional offers.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.2 million, or 11%, decrease due to the continued amortization of core deposit intangibles.  
 Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $14.2 million, or 13%, increase in net occupancy expense, reflecting $12.1 million of franchise repositioning expense related to branch consolidation
and facilities optimization.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $13.4 million, or 1%, increase in personnel costs, primarily reflecting the $38.8 million increase in salaries due to a 4% increase in the number of
average full-time equivalent employees as employee count increased mainly in technology and consumer areas and $6.7 million of franchise repositioning expense related to branch consolidation and severance expenses. This was partially offset by the
$33.9 million one-time, non-cash gain related to the pension curtailment.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.3 million, or 5%, increase in outside data processing as we continue to invest in technology supporting our products, services, and our Continuous
Improvement initiatives.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.9 million, or 4%, increase in equipment, including $2.4 million of branch consolidation and facilities optimization related expenses.
 
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2012 vs. 2011    Noninterest expense increased $107.4 million, or 6%, from 2011 and primarily reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $95.7 million, or 11%, increase in personnel costs, primarily reflecting an increase in bonuses, commissions, and full-time equivalent employees, as
well as increased salaries and benefits.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.4 million, or 11%, increase in equipment, primarily reflecting the impact of depreciation from our in-store branch expansions and other technology
investments.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.3 million, or 5%, increase in other expense primarily reflecting higher litigation reserves, increased sponsorships and public relations expense,
and an increase in the provision for mortgage representations and warranties.    Partially offset by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.4 million, or 12%, decline in deposit and other insurance expense.    Provision for Income Taxes    (This section should be read in conjunction with Significant
Item 3, and Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)    2013 versus 2012  
 The provision for income taxes was $215.8 million for 2013 compared with a provision for income taxes of $184.1 million in 2012. Both
years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, and general business credits. In 2013, a $6.0 million reduction in the 2013 provision for state income taxes, net of federal, was recorded for the portion of state
deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized, compared to a $21.3 million reduction in 2012. At December 31, 2013, we had a net federal and state deferred tax asset of $137.6
million. Based on both positive and negative evidence and our level of forecasted future taxable income, we determined no impairment existed to the net federal and state deferred tax asset at December 31, 2013. For regulatory capital purposes,
there was no disallowed net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012.    We file income tax
returns with the IRS and various state, city, and foreign jurisdictions. Federal income tax audits have been completed for tax years through 2009. In the first quarter of 2013, the IRS began an examination of our 2010 and 2011 consolidated federal
income tax returns. We have appealed certain proposed adjustments resulting from the IRS examination of our 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010 tax returns. We believe the tax positions taken related to such proposed adjustments are correct and
supported by applicable statutes, regulations, and judicial authority, and intend to vigorously defend them. It is possible the ultimate resolution of the proposed adjustments, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations in the
period it occurs. Nevertheless, although no assurances can be given, we believe the resolution of these examinations will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position. Various state and
other jurisdictions remain open to examination, including Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Illinois.    On September 13, 2013, the IRS released final tangible property regulations under Sections 162(a) and 263(a) of the IRC and proposed regulations under Section 168 of the IRC. These regulations
generally apply to taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2014 and will affect all taxpayers that acquire, produce, or improve tangible property. Based upon preliminary analysis, we do not expect that the adoption of these regulations
will have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.    2012 versus 2011  
 The provision for income taxes was $184.1 million for 2012 compared with a provision of $164.6 million in 2011. Both years included the
benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, and general business credits. In 2012, a $21.3 million reduction in the 2012 provision for state income taxes, net of federal, was recorded for the portion of state deferred tax assets and
state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized.    RISK MANAGEMENT AND CAPITAL
   A comprehensive discussion of risk management and capital matters affecting us can be found in the Risk Governance section
included in Item 1A and the Regulatory Matters section of Item 1 of this Form 10-K.    Some of the more significant
processes used to manage and control credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks are described in the following paragraphs.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Credit Risk  
 Credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. The
majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. We also have credit risk associated with our AFS and HTM securities portfolio  (see Note 4 and
Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) . We engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. While there is
credit risk associated with derivative activity, we believe this exposure is minimal.    We continue to focus on the
identification, monitoring, and managing of our credit risk. In addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use additional
quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced use of modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. Our portfolio management resources demonstrate our commitment to maintaining an aggregate
moderate-to-low risk profile. In our efforts to continue to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and treatment strategies for delinquent or stressed borrowers.  
 The maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each
borrower or related group of borrowers. All authority to grant commitments is delegated through the independent credit administration function and is closely monitored and regularly updated. Concentration risk is managed through limits on loan type,
geography, industry, and loan quality factors. We focus predominantly on extending credit to retail and commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary banking markets, although we will consider lending
opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives. Although we offer a broad set of products, we continue to develop new lending products and opportunities. Each of
these new products and opportunities goes through a rigorous development and approval process prior to implementation to ensure our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk portfolio profile.  
 The checks and balances in the credit process and the independence of the credit administration and risk management functions are
designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and to provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. For example, we do not
extend additional credit to delinquent borrowers except in certain circumstances that substantially improve our overall repayment or collateral coverage position. To that end, we continue to expand resources in our risk management areas.  
 Although credit quality improved significantly in 2013, there remained a degree of economic stress that continued to negatively impact us
and the financial services industry as a whole. We continued to experience higher than historical levels of delinquencies and NCOs in our residential secured Consumer loan portfolios. The performance metrics associated with the residential mortgage,
and home equity portfolios continued to be the most significantly impacted portfolios as real estate prices remain lower than pre-2008 levels, and the unemployment rate remains high.    Loan and Lease Credit Exposure Mix    At December 31, 2013, our
loans and leases totaled $43.1 billion, representing a $2.4 billion, or 6%, increase compared to $40.7 billion at December 31, 2012. The majority of the portfolio growth occurred in the Automobile portfolio, with C&I and Residential showing
modest growth. Huntington remained committed to the high quality origination strategy in the automobile portfolio. The CRE portfolio declined as a result of continued runoff as acceptable returns for new originations were balanced against internal
concentration limits and increased competition for projects sponsored by high quality developers.    Total commercial loans were
$22.4 billion at December 31, 2013, and represented 52% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. Our commercial loan portfolio is diversified along product type, customer size, and geography within our footprint, and is comprised of the
following ( see Commercial Credit discussion) :    C&I  – C&I loans and leases are made to commercial
customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or other projects. The majority of these borrowers are customers doing business within our geographic regions. C&I loans and leases are
generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. The financing of owner occupied facilities is considered a C&I loan even though there is improved real estate as
collateral. This treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. The operation, sale, rental, or refinancing of the real estate is not considered the primary
repayment source for these types of loans. As we have expanded our C&I portfolio, we have developed a series of “verticals” to ensure that new products or lending types are embedded within a structured, centralized Commercial Lending
area with designated experienced credit officers.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CRE  – CRE loans consist of loans to developers and REITs supporting
income-producing or for-sale commercial real estate properties. We mitigate our risk on these loans by requiring collateral values that exceed the loan amount and underwriting the loan with projected cash flow in excess of the debt service
requirement. These loans are made to finance properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers, and are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale, or refinance of the property.
   Construction CRE  – Construction CRE loans are loans to developers, companies, or individuals used for the
construction of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. Our construction CRE portfolio primarily consists of retail, multi family, office, and warehouse project
types. Generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been presold or preleased, or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in each project. These loans are
underwritten and managed by a specialized real estate lending group that actively monitors the construction phase and manages the loan disbursements according to the predetermined construction schedule.  
 Total consumer loans and leases were $20.7 billion at December 31, 2013, and represented 48% of our total loan and lease credit
exposure. The consumer portfolio is comprised primarily of automobile, home equity loans and lines-of-credit, and residential mortgages  (see Consumer Credit discussion) .  
 Automobile  – Automobile loans are primarily comprised of loans made through automotive dealerships and include exposure in
selected states outside of our primary banking markets. The exposure outside of our primary banking markets represents 19% of the total exposure, with no individual state representing more than 5%. Applications are underwritten utilizing an
automated underwriting system that applies consistent policies and processes across the portfolio.    Home equity  –
Home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines-of-credit. This type of lending, which is secured by a first-lien or junior-lien on the borrower’s residence, allows customers to borrow against the equity in their home or refinance
existing mortgage debt. Products include closed-end loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate, interest-only lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving
period. The home equity line of credit product converts to a 20 year amortizing structure at the end of the revolving period. Applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system. The home equity underwriting
criteria is based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and LTV ratios, with current collateral valuations.    
 Residential mortgage  – Residential mortgage loans represent loans to consumers for the purchase or refinance of a residence.
These loans are generally financed over a 15-year to 30-year term, and in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. Applications are underwritten centrally using consistent credit policies and processes. All
residential mortgage loan decisions utilize a full appraisal for collateral valuation. Huntington has not originated residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.  
 Other consumer loans/leases  – Primarily consists of consumer loans not secured by real estate, including personal unsecured
loans. We introduced a consumer credit card product during 2013, utilizing a centralized underwriting system and focusing on existing Huntington customers.    The table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio:    Table
9—Loan and Lease Portfolio Composition        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Commercial: (1) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 17,594 
   
    
   
 41 
 % 
   
 $ 
 16,971 
   
    
   
 42 
 % 
   
 $ 
 14,699 
   
    
   
 38 
 % 
   
 $ 
 13,063 
   
    
   
 34 
 % 
   
 $ 
 12,888 
   
    
   
 35 
 % 
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Construction 
    
   
 557 
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 648 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 580 
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 650 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 1,469 
   
    
   
 4 
   
 
   Commercial 
    
   
 4,293 
   
    
   
 10 
   
   
   
 4,751 
   
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 5,246 
   
    
   
 13 
   
   
   
 6,001 
   
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 6,220 
   
    
   
 17 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
   
 4,850 
   
    
   
 11 
   
   
   
 5,399 
   
    
   
 14 
   
   
   
 5,826 
   
    
   
 14 
   
   
   
 6,651 
   
    
   
 18 
   
   
   
 7,689 
   
    
   
 21 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
    
   
 22,444 
   
    
   
 52 
   
   
   
 22,370 
   
    
   
 56 
   
   
   
 20,525 
   
    
   
 52 
   
   
   
 19,714 
   
    
   
 52 
   
   
   
 20,577 
   
    
   
 56 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consumer: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Automobile (2) 
    
   
 6,639 
   
    
   
 15 
   
   
   
 4,634 
   
    
   
 11 
   
   
   
 4,458 
   
    
   
 11 
   
   
   
 5,614 
   
    
   
 15 
   
   
   
 3,390 
   
    
   
 9 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 8,336 
   
    
   
 19 
   
   
   
 8,335 
   
    
   
 20 
   
   
   
 8,215 
   
    
   
 21 
   
   
   
 7,713 
   
    
   
 20 
   
   
   
 7,563 
   
    
   
 21 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 5,321 
   
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 4,970 
   
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 5,228 
   
    
   
 13 
   
   
   
 4,500 
   
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 4,510 
   
    
   
 12 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 380 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 419 
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 498 
   
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 566 
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 751 
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
    
   
 20,676 
   
    
   
 48 
   
   
   
 18,358 
   
    
   
 44 
   
   
   
 18,399 
   
    
   
 48 
   
   
   
 18,393 
   
    
   
 48 
   
   
   
 16,214 
   
    
   
 44 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 43,120 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 40,728 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 38,924 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 38,107 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 36,791 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 As defined by regulatory guidance, there were no commercial loans outstanding that would be considered a concentration of lending to a particular industry or group of
industries.  
 
 
 (2) 
 2011 included a decrease of $1.3 billion resulting from the transfer of automobile loans to loans held for a sale reflecting an automobile securitization transaction
completed in 2012. 2010 included an increase of $0.5 billion resulting from the adoption of a new accounting standard to consolidate a previously off-balance sheet automobile loan securitization transaction.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As shown in the table above, our loan portfolio is diversified by consumer and commercial
credit. We manage the credit exposure via a corporate level credit concentration policy. The policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned limits as a percentage of capital. C&I
lending by segment, specific limits for CRE primary project types, loans secured by residential real estate, shared national credit exposure, unsecured lending, and designated high risk loan definitions represent examples of specifically tracked
components of our concentration management process. Our concentration management process is approved by our board level Risk Oversight Committee and is one of the strategies utilized to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is
consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile.    The table below provides our
total loan and lease portfolio segregated by the primary type of collateral securing the loan or lease:    Table 10—Total Loan and Lease
Portfolio by Collateral Type        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Secured loans: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Real estate—commercial 
    
 $ 
 8,622 
   
    
   
 20 
 % 
   
 $ 
 9,128 
   
    
   
 22 
 % 
   
 $ 
 9,557 
   
    
   
 25 
 % 
   
 $ 
 10,389 
   
    
   
 27 
 % 
   
 $ 
 11,286 
   
    
   
 31 
 % 
 
   Real estate—consumer 
    
   
 13,657 
   
    
   
 32 
   
   
   
 13,305 
   
    
   
 33 
   
   
   
 13,444 
   
    
   
 35 
   
   
   
 12,214 
   
    
   
 32 
   
   
   
 12,176 
   
    
   
 33 
   
 
   Vehicles 
    
   
 8,989 
   
    
   
 21 
   
   
   
 6,659 
   
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 6,021 
   
    
   
 15 
   
   
   
 7,134 
   
    
   
 19 
   
   
   
 4,600 
   
    
   
 13 
   
 
   Receivables/Inventory 
    
   
 5,534 
   
    
   
 13 
   
   
   
 5,178 
   
    
   
 13 
   
   
   
 4,450 
   
    
   
 11 
   
   
   
 3,763 
   
    
   
 10 
   
   
   
 3,582 
   
    
   
 10 
   
 
   Machinery/Equipment 
    
   
 2,738 
   
    
   
 6 
   
   
   
 2,749 
   
    
   
 7 
   
   
   
 1,994 
   
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 1,766 
   
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 1,772 
   
    
   
 5 
   
 
   Securities/Deposits 
    
   
 786 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 826 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 800 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 734 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 1,145 
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,016 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 1,090 
   
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1,018 
   
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 990 
   
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 1,124 
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total secured loans and leases 
    
   
 41,342 
   
    
   
 96 
   
   
   
 38,935 
   
    
   
 96 
   
   
   
 37,284 
   
    
   
 96 
   
   
   
 36,990 
   
    
   
 97 
   
   
   
 35,685 
   
    
   
 97 
   
 
   Unsecured loans and leases 
    
   
 1,778 
   
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 1,793 
   
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 1,640 
   
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 1,117 
   
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1,106 
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 43,120 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 40,728 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 38,924 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 38,107 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 36,791 
   
    
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Commercial Credit    The primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower’s management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry
sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. While these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision
process. We utilize a centralized preview and senior loan approval committee, led by our chief credit officer. The risk rating (see next paragraph) and complexity of the credit determines the threshold for approval of the senior loan committee with
a minimum credit exposure of $10.0 million. For loans not requiring senior loan committee approval, with the exception of small business loans, credit officers who understand each local region and are experienced in the industries and loan
structures of the requested credit exposure are involved in all loan decisions and have the primary credit authority. For small business loans, we utilize a centralized loan approval process for standard products and structures. In this centralized
decision environment, certain individuals who understand each local region may make credit-extension decisions to preserve our commitment to the communities we operate in. In addition to disciplined and consistent judgmental factors, a sophisticated
credit scoring process is used as a primary evaluation tool in the determination of approving a loan within the centralized loan approval process.    In commercial lending, on-going credit management is dependent on the type and nature of the loan. We monitor all significant exposures on an on-going basis. All commercial credit extensions are assigned
internal risk ratings reflecting the borrower’s PD and LGD. This two-dimensional rating methodology provides granularity in the portfolio management process. The PD is rated and applied at the borrower level. The LGD is rated and applied based
on the specific type of credit extension and the quality and lien position associated with the underlying collateral. The internal risk ratings are assessed at origination and updated at each periodic
 
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
monitoring event. There is also extensive macro portfolio management analysis on an on-going basis. We continually review and adjust our risk-rating criteria based on actual experience, which
provides us with the current risk level in the portfolio and is the basis for determining an appropriate allowance for credit losses (ACL) amount for the commercial portfolio. A centralized portfolio management team monitors and reports on the
performance of the entire commercial portfolio, including small business loans, to provide consistent oversight.    In addition
to the initial credit analysis conducted during the approval process, our Credit Review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality and / or risk of new loan originations. This group is part of our Risk
Management area, and conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, as well as test the consistency of credit processes.    Our standardized loan grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment, one of which is guarantor support. On an annual basis, or more
frequently if warranted, we consider, among other things, the guarantor’s reputation and creditworthiness, along with various key financial metrics such as liquidity and net worth, assuming such information is available. Our assessment of the
guarantor’s credit strength, or lack thereof, is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which is directly tied to, and an integral component of, our ACL methodology. When a loan goes to impaired status, viable guarantor support is
considered in the determination of a credit loss.    If our assessment of the guarantor’s credit strength yields an
inherent capacity to perform, we will seek repayment from the guarantor as part of the collection process and have done so successfully. However, we do not formally track the repayment success from guarantors.  
 Substantially all loans categorized as Classified (see Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) are managed by our Special
Assets Department (SAD). The SAD group is a specialized group of credit professionals that handle the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. Its responsibilities include developing and implementing action
plans, assessing risk ratings, and determining the appropriateness of the allowance, the accrual status, and the ultimate collectability of the Classified loan portfolio.    C&I PORTFOLIO    The C&I portfolio is comprised of loans to
businesses where the source of repayment is associated with the on-going operations of the business. Generally, the loans are secured with the financing of the borrower’s assets, such as equipment, accounts receivable, and/or inventory. In many
cases, the loans are secured by real estate, although the operation, sale, or refinancing of the real estate is not a primary source of repayment for the loan. For loans secured by real estate, appropriate appraisals are obtained at origination and
updated on an as needed basis in compliance with regulatory requirements.    There were no commercial loan segments considered
an industry or geographic concentration of lending. Currently, higher-risk segments of the C&I portfolio include loans to borrowers supporting the home building industry, contractors, and leveraged lending. We manage the risks inherent in this
portfolio through origination policies, a defined loan concentration policy with established limits, on-going loan level reviews and portfolio level reviews, recourse requirements, and continuous portfolio risk management activities. Our origination
policies for this portfolio include loan product-type specific policies such as LTV and debt service coverage ratios, as applicable.    The C&I portfolio continues to have strong origination activity as evidenced by the growth over the past 12 months. The credit quality of the portfolio continues to improve as we maintain focus on
high quality originations. Problem loans have trended downward, reflecting a combination of proactive risk identification and effective workout strategies implemented by the SAD. We continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers
that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential solutions.    CRE PORTFOLIO  
 We manage the risks inherent in this portfolio specific to CRE lending, focusing on the quality of the developer and the specifics
associated with each project. Generally, we: (1) limit our loans to 80% of the appraised value of the commercial real estate at origination, (2) require net operating cash flows to be 125% of required interest and principal payments, and
(3) if the commercial real estate is nonowner occupied, require that at least 50% of the space of the project be preleased. We actively monitor both geographic and project-type concentrations and performance metrics of all CRE loan types, with
a focus on loans identified as higher risk based on the risk rating methodology. Both macro-level and loan-level stress-test scenarios based on existing and forecast market conditions are part of the on-going portfolio management process for the CRE
portfolio.  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dedicated real estate professionals originated the majority of the portfolio, with the
remainder obtained from prior bank acquisitions. Appraisals are obtained from approved vendors, and are reviewed by an internal appraisal review group comprised of certified appraisers to ensure the quality of the valuation used in the underwriting
process. The portfolio is diversified by project type and loan size, and this diversification represents a significant portion of the credit risk management strategies employed for this portfolio. Subsequent to the origination of the loan, the
Credit Review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and/or risk of new loan originations.    Appraisal values are obtained in conjunction with all originations and renewals, and on an as needed basis, in compliance with regulatory requirements. We continue to perform on-going portfolio level
reviews within the CRE portfolio. These reviews generate action plans based on occupancy levels or sales volume associated with the projects being reviewed. Property values are updated using appraisals on a regular basis to ensure appropriate
decisions regarding the on-going management of the portfolio reflect the changing market conditions. This highly individualized process requires working closely with all of our borrowers, as well as an in-depth knowledge of CRE project lending and
the market environment.    Consumer Credit    Consumer credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure, and the transaction structure. Consumer credit decisions are
generally made in a centralized environment utilizing decision models. Importantly, certain individuals who understand each local region have the authority to make credit extension decisions to preserve our focus on the local communities we operate
in. Each credit extension is assigned a specific PD and LGD. The PD is generally based on the borrower’s most recent credit bureau score (FICO), which we update quarterly, while the LGD is related to the type of collateral and the LTV ratio
associated with the credit extension.    In consumer lending, credit risk is managed from a segment (i.e., loan type, collateral
position, geography, etc.) and vintage performance analysis. All portfolio segments are continuously monitored for changes in delinquency trends and other asset quality indicators. We make extensive use of portfolio assessment models to continuously
monitor the quality of the portfolio, which may result in changes to future origination strategies. The on-going analysis and review process results in a determination of an appropriate ALLL amount for our consumer loan portfolio. The independent
risk management group has a consumer process review component to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the consumer credit processes.    Collection action is initiated as needed through a centrally managed collection and recovery function. The collection group employs a series of collection methodologies designed to maintain a high level
of effectiveness while maximizing efficiency. In addition to the consumer loan portfolio, the collection group is responsible for collection activity on all sold and securitized consumer loans and leases. Collection practices include a single
contact point for the majority of the residential real estate secured portfolios.    During a 2013 review of our consumer
portfolios, we identified additional loans associated with borrowers who had filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy and had not reaffirmed their debt, thus meeting the definition of collateral dependent per OCC regulatory guidance. These loans were not
identified in the 2012 third quarter implementation of the OCC’s regulatory guidance. The bankruptcy court’s discharge of the borrower’s debt is considered a concession when the discharged debt is not reaffirmed, and as such, the loan
is placed on nonaccrual status, and written down to collateral value, less anticipated selling costs. As a result of the review of our existing consumer portfolios, additional NCOs of $22.8 million were recorded in 2013. The majority of the NCO
impact was in the home equity portfolio and relates to junior-lien loans that meet the regulatory guidance.    AUTOMOBILE PORTFOLIO
   Our strategy in the automobile portfolio continued to focus on high quality borrowers as measured by both FICO and
internal custom scores, combined with appropriate LTVs, terms, and profitability. Our strategy and operational capabilities allow us to appropriately manage the origination quality across the entire portfolio, including our newer markets. Although
increased origination volume and entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.  
 We have continued to consistently execute our value proposition and take advantage of available market opportunities. Importantly, we
have maintained our high credit quality standard while expanding the portfolio. We have developed and implemented a successful loan securitization strategy to ensure we remain within our established portfolio concentration limits.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE SECURED PORTFOLIOS  
 The properties securing our residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are primarily located within our geographic footprint. While
home prices have clearly rebounded from the 2009-2010 levels, they remain below the peak, causing the performance in these portfolios to remain weaker than historical levels. The residential-secured portfolio originations continue to be of high
quality, with the majority of the negative credit impact coming from loans originated in 2006 and earlier. We continue to evaluate all of our policies and processes associated with managing these portfolios. Our portfolio management strategies
associated with our Home Savers group are consolidated in one location under common management. This structure allows us to focus on effectively helping our customers with appropriate solutions for their specific circumstances.  
 Table 11—Selected Home Equity and Residential Mortgage Portfolio Data    
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Home Equity 
   
   
 Residential Mortgage 
   
 
   
    
 Secured by first-lien 
   
   
 Secured by junior-lien 
   
   
     
   
 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 12/31/13 
   
   
 12/31/12 
   
   
 12/31/13 
   
   
 12/31/12 
   
   
 12/31/13 
   
   
 12/31/12 
   


 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 4,842 
   
   
 $ 
 4,380 
   
   
 $ 
 3,494 
   
   
 $ 
 3,955 
   
   
 $ 
 5,321 
   
   
 $ 
 4,970 
   
 
   Portfolio weighted average LTV ratio (1) 
    
   
 71 
 %  
   
   
 71 
 %  
   
   
 81 
 %  
   
   
 81 
 %  
   
   
 74 
 %  
   
   
 76 
 %  
 
   Portfolio weighted average FICO score (2) 
    
   
 758 
   
   
   
 755 
   
   
   
 741 
   
   
   
 741 
   
   
   
 743 
   
   
   
 738 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Home Equity 
   
   
 Residential Mortgage (3) 
   
 
   
    
 Secured by first-lien 
   
   
 Secured by junior-lien 
   
   
     
   
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   Originations 
    
 $ 
 1,745 
   
   
 $ 
 1,665 
   
   
 $ 
 529 
   
   
 $ 
 559 
   
   
 $ 
 1,625 
   
   
 $ 
 1,019 
   
 
   Origination weighted average LTV ratio (1) 
    
   
 69 
 %  
   
   
 72 
 %  
   
   
 81 
 %  
   
   
 80 
 %  
   
   
 79 
 %  
   
   
 84 
 %  
 
   Origination weighted average FICO score (2) 
    
   
 771 
   
   
   
 771 
   
   
   
 756 
   
   
   
 756 
   
   
   
 757 
   
   
   
 754 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The LTV ratios for home equity loans and home equity lines-of-credit are cumulative and reflect the balance of any senior loans. LTV ratios reflect collateral values at
the time of loan origination.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Portfolio weighted average FICO scores reflect currently updated customer credit scores whereas origination weighted average FICO scores reflect the customer credit
scores at the time of loan origination.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Represents only owned-portfolio originations.  
 Home Equity Portfolio  
 Our home equity portfolio (loans and lines-of-credit) consists of both first-lien and junior-lien mortgage loans with underwriting
criteria based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and LTV ratios. We offer closed-end home equity loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate interest-only home equity lines-of-credit
which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period of the line-of-credit. Applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system.  
 Given the low interest rate environment over the past several years, many borrowers have utilized the line-of-credit home equity product
as the primary source of financing their home versus residential mortgages. The proportion of the home equity portfolio secured by a first-lien has increased significantly over the past three years, positively impacting the portfolio’s risk
profile. At December 31, 2013, $4.8 billion or 58% of our total home equity portfolio was secured by first-lien mortgages compared to 52% in the prior year. The first-lien position, combined with continued high average FICO scores,
significantly reduces the credit risk associated with these loans.    We focus on high quality borrowers primarily located
within our footprint. Further, we actively manage the extension of credit and the amount of credit extended through a combination of criteria including financial position, debt-to-income policies, and LTV policy limits. The combination of high
quality borrowers as measured by financial condition and FICO score, as well as the concentration of first-lien position loans, provides a high degree of confidence regarding the performance of the 2009-2013 originations. Because we focus on
developing complete relationships with our customers, many of our home equity borrowers utilize other products and services. Also, the majority of our home equity line-of-credit borrowers consistently pay in excess of the required minimum payment
each month.    We believe we have underwritten credit conservatively within this portfolio. However, home price volatility has
decreased the value of the collateral for this portfolio and has caused a portion of the portfolio to have an LTV greater than 100%. These higher LTV ratios are directly correlated with borrower payment patterns and are a focus of our Home Saver
group.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Real estate market values at the time of origination directly affect the amount of credit
extended and, in the event of default, subsequent changes in these values impact the severity of losses. We obtain a property valuation for every loan or line-of-credit as part of the origination process, and the valuation is reviewed by a real
estate professional in conjunction with the credit underwriting process. The type of property valuation obtained is based on credit parameters, and a majority of these valuations are based on complete walkthrough appraisals. We believe an AVM
estimate with a signed property inspection is an appropriate valuation source for a portion of our home equity lending activities. This valuation policy, along with our other credit policies, are re-evaluated on an on-going basis with the intent of
ensuring complete independence in the requesting and reviewing of real estate valuations associated with loan decisions. We update values as appropriate, and in compliance with applicable regulations, particularly for loans identified as higher
risk. Loans are identified as higher risk based on performance indicators and the updated values are utilized to facilitate our portfolio management processes, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.  
 We continue to make origination policy adjustments based on our assessment of an appropriate risk profile and industry
actions .  In addition to origination policy adjustments, we take actions, as necessary, to manage the risk profile of this portfolio. We believe our Credit Risk Management systems allow for effective portfolio analysis and segmentation to
identify the highest risk exposures in the portfolio. Our disclosures regarding lien position and FICO distribution are examples of segmentation analysis.      Although the collateral value assessment is an important component of the overall credit risk analysis, there are very few instances of available equity in junior-lien default situations. Further,
effective in 2012, any junior-lien loan associated with a nonaccruing first-lien loan is also placed on nonaccrual status.  
 Within the home equity line-of-credit portfolio, the standard product is a 10-year interest-only draw period with a 20-year fully
amortizing term at the end of the draw period. Prior to 2007, the standard product was a 10-year draw period with a balloon payment, while subsequent originations convert to a 20-year amortizing loan structure. After the 10-year draw period, the
borrower must reapply to extend the existing structure or begin repaying the debt in a traditional term structure.    The
principal and interest payment associated with the term structure will be higher than the interest-only payment, resulting in “maturity” risk. Our maturity risk can be segregated into two distinct segments: (1) home equity
lines-of-credit underwritten with a balloon payment at maturity and (2) home equity lines-of-credit with an automatic conversion to a 20-year amortizing loan. We manage this risk based on both the actual maturity date of the line-of-credit
structure and at the end of the 10-year draw period. This maturity risk is embedded in the portfolio which we address with proactive contact strategies beginning one year prior to maturity. In certain circumstances, our Home Saver group is able to
provide payment and structure relief to borrowers experiencing significant financial hardship associated with the payment adjustment.    The
table below summarizes our home equity line-of-credit portfolio by maturity date:    Table 12—Maturity Schedule of Home Equity
Line-of-Credit Portfolio      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 1 Year or Less 
   
    
 1 to 2 years 
   
    
 2 to 3 years 
   
    
 3 to 4 years 
   
    
 More than 4 years 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 52 
   
    
 $ 
 29 
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
    
 $ 
 2,383 
   
    
 $ 
 2,464 
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 229 
   
    
   
 216 
   
    
   
 130 
   
    
   
 112 
   
    
   
 2,301 
   
    
   
 2,988 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity line-of-credit 
    
 $ 
 281 
   
    
 $ 
 245 
   
    
 $ 
 130 
   
    
 $ 
 112 
   
    
 $ 
 4,684 
   
    
 $ 
 5,452 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The amounts in the above table maturing in four years or less primarily consist of balloon payment
structures and represent the most significant maturity risk. The amounts maturing in more than four years primarily consist of exposure with a 20-year amortization period after the 10-year draw period.  
 Historically, less than 30% of our home equity lines-of-credit that are one year or less from maturity actually reach the maturity date,
and we anticipate this percentage will decline in future periods as our proactive approach to managing maturity risk continues to evolve.  
 Residential Mortgages Portfolio    We focus on higher quality borrowers and underwrite all applications centrally. We do not originate residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.
We have incorporated regulatory requirements and guidance into our underwriting process, and will continue to evaluate the impact of the QM requirements impact on the industry.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  All residential mortgages are originated based on a completed full appraisal during the
credit underwriting process. We update values on a regular basis in compliance with applicable regulations to facilitate our portfolio management, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.  
 Generally, our practice is to sell a significant portion of our fixed-rate originations in the secondary market. As such, at
December 31, 2013, 46% of our total residential mortgage portfolio were ARMs. These ARMs primarily consist of a fixed-rate of interest for the first 3 to 5 years, and then adjust annually. At December 31, 2013, ARM loans that were expected
to have rates reset through 2016 totaled $1.5 billion. These loans scheduled to reset are primarily associated with loans originated subsequent to 2007, and as such, are not subject to the most significant declines in underlying property value.
Given the quality of our borrowers, the relatively low current interest rates, and the results of our continued analysis (including possible impacts of changes in interest rates), we believe that we have a relatively limited exposure to ARM reset
risk. Nonetheless, we have taken actions to mitigate our risk exposure. We initiate borrower contact at least six months prior to the interest rate resetting and have been successful in converting many ARMs to fixed-rate loans through this process.
Given the relatively low current interest rates, many fixed-rate products currently offer a better interest rate to our ARM borrowers. We are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. An
appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio (see Operational Risk discussion).  
 Several government programs continued to impact the residential mortgage portfolio, including various refinance programs such as HAMP and
HARP, which positively affected the availability of credit for the industry. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we closed $600 million in HARP residential mortgages and $6.0 million in HAMP residential mortgages. The HARP residential
mortgage loans are considered current and are either part of our residential mortgage portfolio or serviced for others. The HAMP refinancings are associated with residential mortgages that are serviced for others.  
 Credit Quality    (This section
should be read in conjunction with Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)    We believe the most
meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of credit quality performance ratios. This approach forms the basis of most of the discussion in the sections immediately following: NPAs and NALs, TDRs, ACL, and
NCOs. In addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, and product segmentation in the analysis of our credit quality performance.    Our overall credit quality performance returned to normalized, pre-recession levels. NALs declined 21% to $322.1 million, compared to December 31, 2012, as both the C&I and CRE portfolio segments
showed declines. NCOs decreased 45% compared to the prior year, as a result of significant declines in the C&I and CRE portfolios combined with significant recovery activity, and net reductions in the Residential and Home Equity portfolios. The
Home Equity portfolio in particular was significantly impacted by the implementation of Chapter 7 bankruptcy regulatory accounting guidance, with an additional impact in 2013. Commercial classified loans declined, reflecting the continued
improvement across the portfolio. The ACL to total loans ratio declined to 1.65%, but our coverage ratios as demonstrated by the ACL to NAL ratio of 221% remained strong.    NPAs, NALs, and TDRs    (This section should be read in conjunction with Note 3 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)    NPAs and NALs    NPAs consist of (1) NALs, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) impaired loans held for sale, (3) OREO properties, and (4) other NPAs. Any loan in our
portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. Also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan
is determined to be collateral dependent, the consumer loan is placed on nonaccrual status.    C&I and CRE loans are placed
on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or when repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. With the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, residential mortgage loans
are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. First-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. Junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the
related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. Automobile and other consumer loans are generally charged-off when the loan is 120-days past due.    When loans are placed on nonaccrual, accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to earnings and prior year amounts generally charged-off as a credit loss. When, in our
judgment, the borrower’s ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease is returned to accrual status.  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table reflects period-end NALs and NPAs detail for each of the last five years:
   Table 13—Nonaccrual Loans and Leases and Nonperforming Assets  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Nonaccrual loans and leases: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 56,615 
   
   
 $ 
 90,705 
   
   
 $ 
 201,846 
   
   
 $ 
 346,720 
   
   
 $ 
 578,414 
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 73,417 
   
   
   
 127,128 
   
   
   
 229,889 
   
   
   
 363,692 
   
   
   
 935,812 
   
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 6,303 
   
   
   
 7,823 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Residential mortgages 
    
   
 119,532 
   
   
   
 122,452 
   
   
   
 68,658 
   
   
   
 45,010 
   
   
   
 362,630 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 66,189 
   
   
   
 59,525 
   
   
   
 40,687 
   
   
   
 22,526 
   
   
   
 40,122 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total nonaccrual loans and leases (1) 
    
   
 322,056 
   
   
   
 407,633 
   
   
   
 541,080 
   
   
   
 777,948 
   
   
   
 1,916,978 
   
 
   Other real estate owned, net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Residential 
    
   
 23,447 
   
   
   
 21,378 
   
   
   
 20,330 
   
   
   
 31,649 
   
   
   
 71,427 
   
 
   Commercial 
    
   
 4,217 
   
   
   
 6,719 
   
   
   
 18,094 
   
   
   
 35,155 
   
   
   
 68,717 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other real estate, net 
    
   
 27,664 
   
   
   
 28,097 
   
   
   
 38,424 
   
   
   
 66,804 
   
   
   
 140,144 
   
 
   Impaired loans held for sale (2) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 969 
   
 
   Other nonperforming assets (3) 
    
   
 2,440 
   
   
   
 10,045 
   
   
   
 10,772 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total nonperforming assets 
    
 $ 
 352,160 
   
   
 $ 
 445,775 
   
   
 $ 
 590,276 
   
   
 $ 
 844,752 
   
   
 $ 
 2,058,091 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Nonaccrual loans as a % of total loans and leases 
    
   
 0.75 
 % 
   
   
 1.00 
 % 
   
   
 1.39 
 % 
   
   
 2.04 
 % 
   
   
 5.21 
 % 
 
   Nonperforming assets ratio (4) 
    
   
 0.82 
   
   
   
 1.09 
   
   
   
 1.51 
   
   
   
 2.21 
   
   
   
 5.57 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses as % of: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Nonaccrual loans and leases 
    
   
 201 
 % 
   
   
 189 
 % 
   
   
 178 
 % 
   
   
 161 
 % 
   
   
 77 
 % 
 
   Nonperforming assets 
    
   
 184 
   
   
   
 173 
   
   
   
 163 
   
   
   
 148 
   
   
   
 72 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for credit losses as % of: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Nonaccrual loans and leases 
    
   
 221 
 % 
   
   
 199 
 % 
   
   
 187 
 % 
   
   
 166 
 % 
   
   
 80 
 % 
 
   Nonperforming assets 
    
   
 202 
   
   
   
 182 
   
   
   
 172 
   
   
   
 153 
   
   
   
 74 
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   December 31, 2013 and 2012, includes $75.5 and $60.1 million, respectively, of Chapter 7 bankruptcy NALs.  
 
 
 (2)   
   Represents impaired loans obtained from the Sky Financial acquisition. Held for sale loans are carried at the lower of cost or fair value less costs to
sell.  
 
 
 (3)   
   Other nonperforming assets includes certain impaired investment securities.  
 
 
 (4)   
   This ratio is calculated as nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, impaired loans held for sale, net other real estate owned, and
other nonperforming assets.    The $93.6 million, or 21%, decline in NPAs compared with December 31, 2012, primarily
reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $53.7 million, or 42%, decline in CRE NALs, reflecting both NCO and problem credit resolutions, including borrower payments and payoffs partially
resulting from successful workout strategies implemented by our commercial loan workout group.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $34.1 million, or 38%, decline in C&I NALs, reflecting both NCO and problem credit resolutions, including payoffs partially resulting from
successful workout strategies implemented by our commercial loan workout group. The decline was associated with loans throughout our footprint, with no specific industry concentration.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $7.6 million, or 76%, decrease in other NPAs, reflecting the redemption by the issuer of a non-performing security.  
 Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.7 million, or 11%, increase in home equity NALs, a function of the economic stresses still impacting a portion of our borrowers in the Home Equity
portfolio.  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Of the $130.0 million of CRE and C&I-related NALs at December 31, 2013, $50.3
million, or 39%, represented loans that were less than 30 days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management.    As discussed previously, residential mortgages are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due, with the exception of residential mortgages guaranteed by government organizations which continue to
accrue interest. First-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. Junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been
identified as nonaccrual.    The following table reflects period-end accruing loans and leases 90 days or more past due for each
of the last five years:    Table 14—Accruing Past Due Loans and Leases  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial (1) 
    
 $ 
 14,562 
   
   
 $ 
 26,648 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Commercial real estate (1) 
    
   
 39,142 
   
   
   
 56,660 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 5,055 
   
   
   
 4,418 
   
   
   
 6,265 
   
   
   
 7,721 
   
   
   
 10,586 
   
 
   Residential mortgage (excluding loans guaranteed by the U.S. government) 
    
   
 2,469 
   
   
   
 2,718 
   
   
   
 45,198 
   
   
   
 53,983 
   
   
   
 78,915 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 13,983 
   
   
   
 18,200 
   
   
   
 20,198 
   
   
   
 23,497 
   
   
   
 53,343 
   
 
   Other loans and leases 
    
   
 998 
   
   
   
 1,672 
   
   
   
 1,988 
   
   
   
 2,456 
   
   
   
 2,814 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total, excl. loans guaranteed by the U.S. government 
    
   
 76,209 
   
   
   
 110,316 
   
   
   
 73,649 
   
   
   
 87,657 
   
   
   
 145,658 
   
 
   Add: loans guaranteed by the U.S. government 
    
   
 87,985 
   
   
   
 90,816 
   
   
   
 96,703 
   
   
   
 98,288 
   
   
   
 101,616 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more, including loans guaranteed by the U.S. government 
    
 $ 
 164,194 
   
   
 $ 
 201,132 
   
   
 $ 
 170,352 
   
   
 $ 
 185,945 
   
   
 $ 
 247,274 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ratios: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Excluding loans guaranteed by the U.S. government, as a percent of total loans and leases 
    
   
 0.18 
 % 
   
   
 0.27 
 % 
   
   
 0.19 
 % 
   
   
 0.23 
 % 
   
   
 0.40 
 % 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Guaranteed by the U.S. government, as a percent of total loans and leases 
    
   
 0.20 
   
   
   
 0.22 
   
   
   
 0.25 
   
   
   
 0.26 
   
   
   
 0.28 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Including loans guaranteed by the U.S. government, as a percent of total loans and leases 
    
   
 0.38 
   
   
   
 0.49 
   
   
   
 0.44 
   
   
   
 0.49 
   
   
   
 0.68 
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   2013 and 2012 amounts represent accruing purchased impaired loans related to the FDIC-assisted Fidelity Bank acquisition. Under the applicable
accounting guidance (ASC 310-30), the loans were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status.  
 TDR Loans    (This section should be
read in conjunction with Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)    TDRs are modified loans in which a
concession is provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. TDRs can be classified as either accrual or nonaccrual loans. Nonaccrual TDRs are included in NALs whereas accruing TDRs are excluded from NALs, as it is probable that all
contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. TDRs primarily reflect our loss mitigation efforts to proactively work with borrowers having difficulty making their payments.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below presents our accruing and nonaccruing TDRs at period-end for each of the
past five years:    Table 15—Accruing and Nonaccruing Troubled Debt Restructured Loans  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
    
     
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2010 
   
    
 2009 
   


 
   Troubled debt restructured loans—accruing: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 83,857 
   
    
 $ 
 76,586 
   
    
 $ 
 54,007 
   
    
 $ 
 70,136 
   
    
 $ 
 59,215 
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 204,668 
   
    
   
 208,901 
   
    
   
 249,968 
   
    
   
 152,496 
   
    
   
 97,834 
   
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 30,781 
   
    
   
 35,784 
   
    
   
 36,573 
   
    
   
 29,764 
   
    
   
 24,704 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 188,266 
   
    
   
 110,581 
   
    
   
 52,224 
   
    
   
 37,257 
   
    
   
 25,357 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 305,059 
   
    
   
 290,011 
   
    
   
 309,678 
   
    
   
 328,411 
   
    
   
 229,470 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 1,041 
   
    
   
 2,544 
   
    
   
 6,108 
   
    
   
 9,565 
   
    
   
 2,810 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total troubled debt restructured loans—accruing 
    
   
 813,672 
   
    
   
 724,407 
   
    
   
 708,558 
   
    
   
 627,629 
   
    
   
 439,390 
   
 
   Troubled debt restructured loans—nonaccruing: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
   
 7,291 
   
    
   
 19,268 
   
    
   
 48,553 
   
    
   
 15,275 
   
    
   
 37,849 
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 23,981 
   
    
   
 32,548 
   
    
   
 21,968 
   
    
   
 18,187 
   
    
   
 70,609 
   
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 6,303 
   
    
   
 7,823 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 20,715 
   
    
   
 6,951 
   
    
   
 369 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 82,879 
   
    
   
 84,515 
   
    
   
 26,089 
   
    
   
 5,789 
   
    
   
 4,988 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 113 
   
    
   
 113 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total troubled debt restructured loans—nonaccruing 
    
   
 141,169 
   
    
   
 151,218 
   
    
   
 97,092 
   
    
   
 39,251 
   
    
   
 113,446 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total troubled debt restructured loans 
    
 $ 
 954,841 
   
    
 $ 
 875,625 
   
    
 $ 
 805,650 
   
    
 $ 
 666,880 
   
    
 $ 
 552,836 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Our strategy is to structure commercial TDRs in a manner that avoids new concessions subsequent to the
initial TDR terms. However, there are times when subsequent modifications are required, such as when the modified loan matures. Often the loans are performing in accordance with the TDR terms, and a new note is originated with similar modified
terms. These loans are subjected to the normal underwriting standards and processes for other similar credit extensions, both new and existing. If the loan is not performing in accordance with the existing TDR terms, typically an individualized
approach to repayment is established. In accordance with ASC 310-20-35, the refinanced note is evaluated to determine if it is considered a new loan or a continuation of the prior loan. A new loan is considered for removal from the TDR designation.
A continuation of the prior note requires the continuation of the TDR designation, and because the refinanced note constitutes a new or amended debt instrument, it is included in our TDR activity table (below) as a new TDR and a restructured TDR
removal during the period.    The types of concessions granted are consistent with those granted on new TDRs and include
interest rate reductions, amortization or maturity date changes beyond what the collateral supports, and principal forgiveness based on the borrower’s specific needs at a point in time. Our policy does not limit the number of times a loan may
be modified. A loan may be modified multiple times if it is considered to be in the best interest of both the borrower and us.  
 Loans are not automatically considered to be accruing TDRs upon the granting of a new concession. If the loan is in accruing status and
no loss is expected based on the modified terms, the modified TDR remains in accruing status. For loans that are on nonaccrual status before the modification, collection of both principal and interest must not be in doubt, and the borrower must be
able to exhibit sufficient cash flows for a six-month period of time to service the debt in order to return to accruing status. This six-month period could extend before or after the restructure date.  
 TDRs in the home equity and residential mortgage portfolio will continue to increase for a time as we continue to appropriately manage
the portfolio. Any granted change in terms or conditions that are not readily available in the market for that borrower, requires the designation as a TDR.    The following table reflects TDR activity for each of the past three years:    Table
16—Troubled Debt Restructured Loan Activity      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   TDRs, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 875,625 
   
   
 $ 
 805,650 
   
   
 $ 
 666,880 
   
 
   New TDRs (1) 
    
   
 611,556 
   
   
   
 597,425 
   
   
   
 583,439 
   
 
   Payments 
    
   
 (191,367 
 )  
   
   
 (191,035 
 )  
   
   
 (138,467 
 )  
 
   Charge-offs 
    
   
 (29,897 
 )  
   
   
 (81,115 
 )  
   
   
 (37,341 
 )  
 
   Sales 
    
   
 (11,164 
 )  
   
   
 (13,787 
 )  
   
   
 (54,715 
 )  
 
   Refinanced to non-TDR 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (40,091 
 )  
 
   Transfer to OREO 
    
   
 (8,242 
 )  
   
   
 (21,709 
 )  
   
   
 (5,016 
 )  
 
   Restructured TDRs—accruing (2) 
    
   
 (211,131 
 )  
   
   
 (153,583 
 )  
   
   
 (154,945 
 )  
 
   Restructured TDRs—nonaccruing (2) 
    
   
 (26,772 
 )  
   
   
 (63,080 
 )  
   
   
 (47,659 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (53,767 
 )  
   
   
 (3,141 
 )  
   
   
 33,565 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   TDRs, end of period 
    
 $ 
 954,841 
   
   
 $ 
 875,625 
   
   
 $ 
 805,650 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 2013 includes a $46,031 thousand reduction of home equity TDRs incorrectly reflected as new TDRs in the 2013 first quarter. 2013 and 2012 includes $78.4 million and
$79.5 million, respectively, of Chapter 7 bankruptcy loans.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents existing TDRs that were reunderwritten with new terms providing a concession. A corresponding amount is included in the New TDRs amount above.
 
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  ACL    (This section should be read in conjunction with Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)    Our total credit reserve is comprised of two components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio: the ALLL and the AULC. Combined,
these reserves comprise the total ACL. Our Credit Administration group is responsible for developing the methodology assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the ACL. The ALLL represents the
estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the reported date. Additions to the ALLL result from recording provision expense for loan losses or increased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating downgrades, while reductions reflect
charge-offs (net of recoveries), decreased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating upgrades, or the sale of loans. The AULC is determined by applying the transaction reserve process to the unfunded portion of the loan exposures multiplied by an
applicable funding expectation.    A provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the ACL to the level we have determined
to be appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio. The provision for credit losses in 2013 was $90.0 million, compared with $147.4 million in 2012.  
 We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of the ACL by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio, including such
factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other
documented support. We evaluate the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness
of our ACL at each reporting date. In addition to general economic conditions and the other factors described above, we also consider the impact of collateral value trends and portfolio diversification.  
 In 2013, we implemented an enhanced commercial risk rating system and ACL calculation process. In addition, we enhanced some of our
qualitative assessments, specifically around the impact of the prevailing economic conditions. These enhancements had an immaterial impact on the overall credit reserve and the overall decline in the ACL was primarily due to an improvement in
underlying credit quality across the portfolio. The portfolio level changes are more fully described below.    Our ACL
evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain ACL benchmarks to current performance. While the total ACL balance has declined in recent quarters, all of the relevant benchmarks remain
strong.    The following table reflects activity in the ALLL and AULC for each of the last five years:  
 Table 17—Summary of Allowance for Credit Losses and Related Statistics  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 769,075 
   
   
 $ 
 964,828 
   
   
 $ 
 1,249,008 
   
   
 $ 
 1,482,479 
   
   
 $ 
 900,227 
   
 
   Loan and lease charge-offs 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
   
 (45,904 
 )  
   
   
 (101,475 
 )  
   
   
 (134,385 
 )  
   
   
 (316,771 
 )  
   
   
 (525,262 
 )  
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Construction 
    
   
 (9,585 
 )  
   
   
 (12,131 
 )  
   
   
 (42,012 
 )  
   
   
 (116,428 
 )  
   
   
 (196,148 
 )  
 
   Commercial 
    
   
 (59,927 
 )  
   
   
 (105,920 
 )  
   
   
 (140,747 
 )  
   
   
 (187,567 
 )  
   
   
 (500,534 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 (69,512 
 )  
   
   
 (118,051 
 )  
   
   
 (182,759 
 )  
   
   
 (303,995 
 )  
   
   
 (696,682 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
    
   
 (115,416 
 )  
   
   
 (219,526 
 )  
   
   
 (317,144 
 )  
   
   
 (620,766 
 )  
   
   
 (1,221,944 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consumer: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 (23,912 
 )  
   
   
 (26,070 
 )  
   
   
 (33,593 
 )  
   
   
 (46,308 
 )  
   
   
 (76,141 
 )  
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 (98,184 
 )  
   
   
 (124,286 
 )  
   
   
 (109,427 
 )  
   
   
 (140,831 
 )  
   
   
 (110,400 
 )  
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 (34,236 
 )  
   
   
 (52,228 
 )  
   
   
 (65,069 
 )  
   
   
 (163,427 
 )  
   
   
 (111,899 
 )  
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 (34,568 
 )  
   
   
 (33,090 
 )  
   
   
 (32,520 
 )  
   
   
 (32,575 
 )  
   
   
 (40,993 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
    
   
 (190,900 
 )  
   
   
 (235,674 
 )  
   
   
 (240,609 
 )  
   
   
 (383,141 
 )  
   
   
 (339,433 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total charge-offs 
    
   
 (306,316 
 )  
   
   
 (455,200 
 )  
   
   
 (557,753 
 )  
   
   
 (1,003,907 
 )  
   
   
 (1,561,377 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Recoveries of loan and lease charge-offs 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
   
 29,514 
   
   
   
 37,227 
   
   
   
 44,686 
   
   
   
 61,839 
   
   
   
 37,656 
   
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Construction 
    
   
 3,227 
   
   
   
 4,090 
   
   
   
 10,488 
   
   
   
 7,420 
   
   
   
 3,442 
   
 
   Commercial 
    
   
 41,431 
   
   
   
 35,532 
   
   
   
 24,170 
   
   
   
 21,013 
   
   
   
 10,509 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
   
 44,658 
   
   
   
 39,622 
   
   
   
 34,658 
   
   
   
 28,433 
   
   
   
 13,951 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
    
   
 74,172 
   
   
   
 76,849 
   
   
   
 79,344 
   
   
   
 90,272 
   
   
   
 51,607 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consumer: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 13,375 
   
   
   
 16,628 
   
   
   
 18,526 
   
   
   
 19,736 
   
   
   
 19,809 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 15,921 
   
   
   
 7,907 
   
   
   
 7,630 
   
   
   
 1,458 
   
   
   
 4,224 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 7,074 
   
   
   
 4,305 
   
   
   
 8,388 
   
   
   
 10,532 
   
   
   
 1,697 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 7,108 
   
   
   
 7,049 
   
   
   
 6,776 
   
   
   
 7,435 
   
   
   
 7,453 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
    
   
 43,478 
   
   
   
 35,889 
   
   
   
 41,320 
   
   
   
 39,161 
   
   
   
 33,183 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total recoveries 
    
   
 117,650 
   
   
   
 112,738 
   
   
   
 120,664 
   
   
   
 129,433 
   
   
   
 84,790 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net loan and lease charge-offs 
    
   
 (188,666 
 )  
   
   
 (342,462 
 )  
   
   
 (437,089 
 )  
   
   
 (874,474 
 )  
   
   
 (1,476,587 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 67,797 
   
   
   
 155,193 
   
   
   
 167,730 
   
   
   
 641,299 
   
   
   
 2,069,931 
   
 
   Allowance for assets sold and securitized or transferred to loans held for sale 
    
   
 (336 
 )  
   
   
 (8,484 
 )  
   
   
 (14,821 
 )  
   
   
 (296 
 )  
   
   
 (11,092 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses, end of year 
    
   
 647,870 
   
   
   
 769,075 
   
   
   
 964,828 
   
   
   
 1,249,008 
   
   
   
 1,482,479 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Allowance for unfunded loan commitments, beginning of year 
    
   
 40,651 
   
   
   
 48,456 
   
   
   
 42,127 
   
   
   
 48,879 
   
   
   
 44,139 
   
 
   (Reduction in) Provision for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit losses 
    
   
 22,248 
   
   
   
 (7,805 
 )  
   
   
 6,329 
   
   
   
 (6,752 
 )  
   
   
 4,740 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Allowance for unfunded loan commitments, end of year 
    
   
 62,899 
   
   
   
 40,651 
   
   
   
 48,456 
   
   
   
 42,127 
   
   
   
 48,879 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Allowance for credit losses, end of year 
    
 $ 
 710,769 
   
   
 $ 
 809,726 
   
   
 $ 
 1,013,284 
   
   
 $ 
 1,291,135 
   
   
 $ 
 1,531,358 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below reflects the allocation of our ACL among our various loan categories during
each of the past five years:    Table 18—Allocation of Allowances for Credit Losses (1)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands)   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Commercial: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial  
   
 $ 
 265,801 
   
   
   
 41 
 % 
   
 $ 
 241,051 
   
   
   
 42 
 % 
   
 $ 
 275,367 
   
   
   
 38 
 % 
   
 $ 
 340,614 
   
   
   
 34 
 % 
   
 $ 
 492,205 
   
   
   
 35 
 % 
 
   Commercial real estate 
   
   
 162,557 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 285,369 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 388,706 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 588,251 
   
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
 751,875 
   
   
   
 21 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
   
   
 428,358 
   
   
   
 52 
   
   
   
 526,420 
   
   
   
 56 
   
   
   
 664,073 
   
   
   
 52 
   
   
   
 928,865 
   
   
   
 52 
   
   
   
 1,244,080 
   
   
   
 56 
   
 
   Consumer: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
   
   
 31,053 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 34,979 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 38,282 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 49,488 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 57,951 
   
   
   
 9 
   
 
   Home equity 
   
   
 111,131 
   
   
   
 19 
   
   
   
 118,764 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 143,873 
   
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
 150,630 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 102,039 
   
   
   
 21 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
   
   
 39,577 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 61,658 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 87,194 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 93,289 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 55,903 
   
   
   
 12 
   
 
   Other loans 
   
   
 37,751 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 27,254 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 31,406 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 26,736 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 22,506 
   
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
   
   
 219,512 
   
   
   
 48 
   
   
   
 242,655 
   
   
   
 44 
   
   
   
 300,755 
   
   
   
 48 
   
   
   
 320,143 
   
   
   
 48 
   
   
   
 238,399 
   
   
   
 44 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total allowance for loan and lease losses 
   
   
 647,870 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
   
 769,075 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
   
 964,828 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
   
 1,249,008 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
   
 1,482,479 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Allowance for unfunded loan commitments 
   
   
 62,899 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 40,651 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 48,456 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 42,127 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 48,879 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total allowance for credit losses  
   
 $ 
 710,769 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 809,726 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,013,284 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,291,135 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,531,358 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total allowance for loan and leases losses as % of: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total loans and leases 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1.50 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1.89 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2.48 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.28 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4.03 
 %  
 
   Nonaccrual loans and leases 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 201 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 189 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 178 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 161 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 77 
   
 
   Nonperforming assets 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 184 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 173 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 163 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 148 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 72 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total allowance for credit losses as % of: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total loans and leases 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1.65 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1.99 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2.60 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3.39 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4.16 
 %  
 
   Nonaccrual loans and leases 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 221 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 199 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 187 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 166 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 80 
   
 
   Nonperforming assets 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 202 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 182 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 172 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 153 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 74 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Percentages represent the percentage of each loan and lease category to total loans and leases.  
 The C&I ACL increased $24.8 million compared with December 31, 2012, primarily due to the enhancements to the risk rating system
and assumptions regarding the unfunded portion of loan commitments. The CRE ACL decreased $122.8 million compared with December 31, 2012, due to the impact of incorporating the current collateral value in the calculation of the expected loss in
addition to a property type analysis. This provides a more specific assessment of the potential Loss Given Default. The current portfolio management practices focus on increasing borrower equity in the projects, and recent underwriting includes
meaningfully lower LTV. The December 31, 2013, CRE ACL covers NALs by more than two times and represents 13 quarters of the average 4 quarter charge-off level. The decrease associated with the auto portfolio is based on the continued positive
performance metrics and the high quality origination strategy. The home equity ALLL increased slightly as the junior-lien lien component remains the riskiest portion of the portfolio. The residential mortgage portfolio ALLL declined, consistent with
the improving credit quality metrics. The ALLL for the other consumer portfolio is consistent with expectations given the increasing level of overdraft exposure. The reduction in the ACL, compared with December 31, 2012, is primarily a function
of the decline in the CRE portfolio.    Compared with December 31, 2012, the AULC increased $22.2 million, primarily
reflecting the impact of an enhanced assessment of the unfunded commercial exposure.    The ACL to total loans declined to 1.65%
at December 31, 2013, compared to 1.99% at December 31, 2012. We believe the decline in the ratio is appropriate given the continued improvement in the risk profile of our loan portfolio. Further, we believe that early identification of
loans with changes in credit metrics and aggressive action plans for these loans, combined with originating high quality new loans will contribute to continued improvement in our key credit quality metrics.  
 We have significant exposure to loans secured by residential real estate and continue to be an active lender in our communities. The
impact of the downturn in real estate values over the past several years has had a significant impact on some of our borrowers as evidenced by the higher delinquencies and NCOs since late 2007. Recently, real estate values have begun to slowly rise
from their 2007 levels in our primary markets.    Given the combination of these noted positive and negative factors, we believe
that our ACL is appropriate and its coverage level is reflective of the quality of our portfolio and the current operating environment.  
 NCOs    Any loan in any
portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. Loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset
valuation indicating a collateral deficiency and that asset is the sole source of repayment. Additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in Chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral
value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of the modification.    C&I and CRE loans are either charged-off or
written down to net realizable value at 90-days past due. Automobile loans and other consumer loans are charged-off at 120-days past due. First-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral,
less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. Residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due.  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table reflects NCO detail for each of the last five years:  
 Table 19—Net Loan and Lease Charge-offs      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Net charge-offs by loan and lease type 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 16,390 
   
   
 $ 
 64,248 
   
   
 $ 
 89,699 
   
   
 $ 
 254,932 
   
   
 $ 
 487,606 
   
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Construction 
    
   
 6,358 
   
   
   
 8,041 
   
   
   
 31,524 
   
   
   
 109,008 
   
   
   
 192,706 
   
 
   Commercial 
    
   
 18,496 
   
   
   
 70,388 
   
   
   
 116,577 
   
   
   
 166,554 
   
   
   
 490,025 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
   
 24,854 
   
   
   
 78,429 
   
   
   
 148,101 
   
   
   
 275,562 
   
   
   
 682,731 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
    
   
 41,244 
   
   
   
 142,677 
   
   
   
 237,800 
   
   
   
 530,494 
   
   
   
 1,170,337 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consumer: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 10,537 
   
   
   
 9,442 
   
   
   
 15,067 
   
   
   
 26,572 
   
   
   
 56,332 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 82,263 
   
   
   
 116,379 
   
   
   
 101,797 
   
   
   
 139,373 
   
   
   
 106,176 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 27,162 
   
   
   
 47,923 
   
   
   
 56,681 
   
   
   
 152,895 
   
   
   
 110,202 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 27,460 
   
   
   
 26,041 
   
   
   
 25,744 
   
   
   
 25,140 
   
   
   
 33,540 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
    
   
 147,422 
   
   
   
 199,785 
   
   
   
 199,289 
   
   
   
 343,980 
   
   
   
 306,250 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total net charge-offs 
    
 $ 
 188,666 
   
   
 $ 
 342,462 
   
   
 $ 
 437,089 
   
   
 $ 
 874,474 
   
   
 $ 
 1,476,587 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net charge-offs ratio: (1) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
   
 0.10 
 %  
   
   
 0.40 
 %  
   
   
 0.66 
 % 
   
   
 2.05 
 % 
   
   
 3.71 
 % 
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Construction 
    
   
 1.10 
   
   
   
 1.38 
   
   
   
 5.33 
   
   
   
 9.95 
   
   
   
 10.37 
   
 
   Commercial 
    
   
 0.42 
   
   
   
 1.35 
   
   
   
 2.08 
   
   
   
 2.72 
   
   
   
 6.71 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 0.49 
   
   
   
 1.36 
   
   
   
 2.39 
   
   
   
 3.81 
   
   
   
 7.46 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
    
   
 0.19 
   
   
   
 0.66 
   
   
   
 1.20 
   
   
   
 2.70 
   
   
   
 5.25 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consumer: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 0.19 
   
   
   
 0.21 
   
   
   
 0.26 
   
   
   
 0.54 
   
   
   
 1.59 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 0.99 
   
   
   
 1.40 
   
   
   
 1.28 
   
   
   
 1.84 
   
   
   
 1.40 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 0.52 
   
   
   
 0.92 
   
   
   
 1.20 
   
   
   
 3.42 
   
   
   
 2.43 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 6.30 
   
   
   
 5.72 
   
   
   
 4.85 
   
   
   
 3.80 
   
   
   
 4.65 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
    
   
 0.75 
   
   
   
 1.08 
   
   
   
 1.05 
   
   
   
 1.95 
   
   
   
 1.87 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net charge-offs as a % of average loans 
    
   
 0.45 
 %  
   
   
 0.85 
 %  
   
   
 1.12 
 % 
   
   
 2.35 
 % 
   
   
 3.82 
 % 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In assessing NCO trends, it is helpful to understand the process of how commercial loans are treated as
they deteriorate over time. The ALLL established is consistent with the level of risk associated with the original underwriting. As a part of our normal portfolio management process for commercial loans, the loan is periodically reviewed and the
ALLL is increased or decreased based on the updated risk rating. In certain cases, the standard ALLL is determined to not be appropriate, and a specific reserve is established based on the projected cash flow or collateral value of the specific
loan. Charge-offs, if necessary, are generally recognized in a period after the specific ALLL was established. If the previously established ALLL exceeds that necessary to satisfactorily resolve the problem loan, a reduction in the overall level of
the ALLL could be recognized. Consumer loans are treated in much the same manner as commercial loans, with increasing reserve factors applied based on the risk characteristics of the loan, although specific reserves are not identified for consumer
loans. In summary, if loan quality deteriorates, the typical credit sequence would be periods of reserve building, followed by periods of higher NCOs as the previously established ALLL is utilized. Additionally, an increase in the ALLL either
precedes or is in conjunction with increases in NALs. When a loan is classified as NAL, it is evaluated for specific ALLL or charge-off. As a result, an increase in NALs does not necessarily result in an increase in the ALLL or an expectation of
higher future NCOs.    Our overall NCOs are returning to pre-recession levels, however, we anticipate NCO levels for both the
residential mortgage and home equity portfolios will remain at elevated levels in the near future. The home equity portfolio will continue to be impacted by borrowers that are seeking to refinance, but are in a negative equity position because of
the junior-lien loan. Right-sizing and debt forgiveness associated with these situations are becoming more frequent as borrowers realize the impact to their credit is minor, and that a default on a junior-lien loan is not likely to cause borrowers
to lose their home.    All residential mortgage loans greater than 150-days past due are charged-down to the estimated value of
the collateral, less anticipated selling costs. The remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process. For the home equity portfolio, virtually all of the defaults
represent full charge-offs, as there is no remaining equity, creating a lower delinquency rate but a higher NCO impact.    2013 versus 2012
   C&I NCOs decreased $47.9 million, or 74%, primarily reflecting credit quality improvement in the underlying portfolio,
as well as our on-going proactive credit management practices. Also, 2013 included significant recoveries from prior year charge-offs.    CRE NCOs decreased $53.6 million, or 68%, reflecting both a reduction in loss events and significant recoveries during 2013. This performance is consistent with our expectations for the portfolio, as some
degree of quarterly volatility is expected given the low absolute levels of NCOs in the portfolio. There was no concentration in either geography or project type.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Automobile NCOs increased $1.1 million, or 12%. The relatively low levels of NCOs reflected
the continued high credit quality of originations and a strong resale market for used vehicles. The slight increasing trend was expected given the absolute low levels achieved in 2012.  
 Home equity NCOs decreased $34.1 million, or 29%, primarily reflecting improved delinquency rates and fewer significant dollar size
losses compared to the prior year. The impact from the Chapter 7 bankruptcy treatment decision inflated the 2012 results, with an additional lesser impact in 2013. Absent the Chapter 7 bankruptcy impact, the improvement would have been 15% year over
year.    Residential mortgage NCOs declined $20.8 million, or 43%, and reflected improvement in the overall housing market
compared to the prior year.    Market Risk  
 Market risk represents the risk of loss due to changes in market values of assets and liabilities. We incur market risk in the normal
course of business through exposures to market interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and credit spreads. We have identified two primary sources of market risk: interest rate risk and price risk.  
 Interest Rate Risk    OVERVIEW
   Huntington actively manages interest rate risk, as changes in market interest rates can have a significant impact on
reported earnings. The interest rate risk process is designed to compare income simulations in market scenarios designed to alter the direction, magnitude, and speed of interest rate changes, as well as the slope of the yield curve. These scenarios
are designed to illustrate the embedded optionality in the balance sheet from, among other things, faster or slower mortgage prepayments and changes in deposit mix.    INCOME SIMULATION AND ECONOMIC VALUE ANALYSIS    Interest rate risk
measurement is calculated and reported to the ALCO monthly and ROC at least quarterly. The information reported includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action
plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk.    Huntington uses two approaches to model interest
rate risk: Interest Sensitive Earnings at Risk (ISE analysis) and Economic Value of Equity (EVE analysis). Under ISE analysis, net interest income is modeled utilizing various assumptions for assets, liabilities, and derivative positions under
various interest rate scenarios over a one-year time horizon. Market implied forward rates and various likely and extreme interest rate scenarios are used for ISE analysis. These likely and extreme scenarios include rapid and gradual interest rate
ramps, rate shocks, and yield curve twists. EVE analysis measures the market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities and the change in this value as rates change.    Table 20—Interest Sensitive Earnings at Risk      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Net Interest Income at Risk (%) 
   


 
   Basis point change scenario 
    
   
 -25 
   
   
   
 +100 
    
   
   
 +200 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Board policy limits 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 -2.0  
 % 
   
   
 -4.0  
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   December 31, 2013 
    
   
 -0.4 
 % 
   
   
 0.2 
 % 
   
   
 0.0 
 % 
   The ISE results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. It models
gradual -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates over the next one-year period, beyond the interest rate change implied by the forward yield curve. Due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the
analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many assets and liabilities reach zero percent.    Huntington is within Board policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. There is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. The ISE analysis reported at December 31, 2013, shows
that Huntington’s earnings are not significantly sensitive to changes in interest rates. Due to an increase in the amount of fixed rate assets, consisting primarily of indirect auto loans and fixed rate securities, the amount of asset
sensitivity declined through the year. The scenarios above also include the impact of market rate changes on the duration of fixed-rate mortgage-related assets, which extend as rates rise and reduce asset sensitivity. As interest rates rise, the net
earnings from our interest rate swaps declines faster under the +200 than +100 basis point scenario resulting in lower asset sensitivity as shown above.  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 21—Economic Value of Equity at Risk  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Economic Value of Equity at Risk (%) 
   


 
   Basis point change scenario 
    
   
 -25 
   
   
   
 +100 
    
   
   
 +200 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Board policy limits 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 -5.0 
 %  
   
   
 -12.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   December 31, 2013 
    
   
 0.6 
 % 
   
   
 -3.9 
 % 
   
   
 -9.3 
 % 
   The EVE results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. It models
immediate -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates. Due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many assets
and liabilities reach zero percent.    Huntington is within Board policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios.
There is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. The EVE at risk reported at December 31, 2013, shows that as interest rates increase (decrease) immediately, the economic value of equity position will decrease (increase). When
interest rates rise, fixed rate assets generally lose economic value; the longer the duration, the greater the value lost. The opposite is true when interest rates fall.    Compared to recent periods, the EVE results for December 31, 2013, reflect the impact of additional mortgage-backed securities, which were added to increase the amount of highly liquid assets in our
investment portfolio, and higher market rates.    MSR    (This section should be read in conjunction with Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.)    At December 31, 2013 we had a total of $162.3 million of capitalized MSRs representing the right to service $15.2 billion in mortgage loans. Of this $162.3 million, $34.2 million was recorded using
the fair value method and $128.1 million was recorded using the amortization method.    MSR fair values are very sensitive to
movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be greatly reduced by prepayments. Prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest
rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. We have employed strategies to reduce the risk of MSR fair value changes or impairment. In addition, we engage a third party to provide valuation tools and assistance with our strategies
with the objective to decrease the volatility from MSR fair value changes. However, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these hedges. We typically report MSR fair value adjustments net of hedge-related trading
activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income. Changes in fair value between reporting dates are recorded as an increase or a decrease in mortgage banking income.  
 MSRs recorded using the amortization method generally relate to loans originated with historically low interest rates, resulting in a
lower probability of prepayments and, ultimately, impairment. MSR assets are included in accrued income and other assets in the Consolidated Financial Statements.    Price Risk    Price risk represents the risk of loss arising from
adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. We have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange
positions, equity investments, investments in securities backed by mortgage loans, and marketable equity securities held by our insurance subsidiaries. We have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange
exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held by the insurance subsidiaries.    
 Liquidity Risk    Liquidity risk is the risk of loss due to the possibility that funds may not be available to satisfy
current or future commitments resulting from external macro market issues, investor and customer perception of financial strength, and events unrelated to us, such as war, terrorism, or financial institution market specific issues. In addition, the
mix and maturity structure of Huntington’s balance sheet, the amount of on-hand cash and unencumbered securities, and the availability of contingent sources of funding can have an impact on Huntington’s ability to satisfy current or future
funding commitments. We manage liquidity risk at both the Bank and the parent company.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The overall objective of liquidity risk management is to ensure that we can obtain
cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations, and can maintain sufficient levels of on-hand liquidity, under both normal business-as-usual and unanticipated stressed circumstances. The ALCO was appointed by the ROC to oversee
liquidity risk management and the establishment of liquidity risk policies and limits. Contingency funding plans are in place, which measure forecasted sources and uses of funds under various scenarios in order to prepare for unexpected liquidity
shortages. Liquidity risk is reviewed monthly for the Bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. In addition, liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding
strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, the contingency funding plans.    Available-for-sale and other securities
portfolio    (This section should be read in conjunction with the Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Significant Estimates
discussion, and Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)    Our investment securities portfolio is
evaluated under established asset/liability management objectives. Changing market conditions could affect the profitability of the portfolio, as well as the level of interest rate risk exposure.  
 Our available-for-sale and other securities portfolio is comprised of various financial instruments. At December 31, 2013, our
available-for-sale and other securities portfolio totaled $7.3 billion, a decrease of $0.3 billion from 2012. The duration of the portfolio increased by 1.3 years to 4.2 years.  
 The composition and maturity of the portfolio is presented on the following two tables:  
 Table 22—Available-for-sale and other securities Portfolio Summary at Fair Value  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   U.S. Government backed agencies 
    
 $ 
 3,937,713 
   
    
 $ 
 4,676,607 
   
    
 $ 
 5,253,640 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 3,371,040 
   
    
   
 2,889,568 
   
    
   
 2,824,374 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total available-for-sale and other securities 
    
 $ 
 7,308,753 
   
    
 $ 
 7,566,175 
   
    
 $ 
 8,078,014 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Duration in years (1) 
    
   
 4.2 
   
    
   
 2.9 
   
    
   
 3.1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The average duration assumes a market driven prepayment rate on securities subject to prepayment.  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 23—Available-for-sale and other securities Portfolio Composition and Maturity   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Amortized 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Yield (1) 
   


 
   U.S. Treasury: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
 $ 
 50,793 
   
    
 $ 
 51,086 
   
    
   
 1.01 
 % 
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 507 
   
    
   
 516 
   
    
   
 1.94 
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Treasury 
    
   
 51,301 
   
    
   
 51,604 
   
    
   
 1.02 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 16,548 
   
    
   
 16,607 
   
    
   
 1.93 
   
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 164,794 
   
    
   
 166,946 
   
    
   
 1.97 
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 440,116 
   
    
   
 443,456 
   
    
   
 2.51 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 2,940,986 
   
    
   
 2,939,212 
   
    
   
 2.38 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 3,562,444 
   
    
   
 3,566,221 
   
    
   
 2.38 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 2,833 
   
    
   
 2,880 
   
    
   
 3.15 
   
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 291,726 
   
    
   
 297,510 
   
    
   
 1.56 
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 19,318 
   
    
   
 19,498 
   
    
   
 2.23 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other Federal agencies 
    
   
 313,877 
   
    
   
 319,888 
   
    
   
 1.62 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Government backed agencies 
    
   
 3,927,622 
   
    
   
 3,937,713 
   
    
   
 2.30 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Municipal securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 191,788 
   
    
   
 190,762 
   
    
   
 2.18 
   
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 206,719 
   
    
   
 211,916 
   
    
   
 3.11 
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 556,873 
   
    
   
 554,772 
   
    
   
 2.84 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 184,883 
   
    
   
 188,542 
    
    
   
 3.82 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total municipal securities 
    
   
 1,140,263 
   
    
   
 1,145,992 
   
    
   
 2.94 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Private label CMO: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
   
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 1,997 
   
    
   
 2,089 
   
    
   
 5.98 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 49,241 
   
    
   
 47,015 
   
    
   
 2.45 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total private label CMO 
    
   
 51,238 
   
    
   
 49,104 
   
    
   
 2.59 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Asset-backed securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
   
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 434,825 
   
    
   
 438,156 
   
    
   
 1.90 
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 260,354 
   
    
   
 260,880 
   
    
   
 1.96 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 477,105 
   
    
   
 392,004 
   
    
   
 2.04 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total asset-backed securities 
    
   
 1,172,284 
   
    
   
 1,091,040 
   
    
   
 1.97 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Covered bonds: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
   
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 280,595 
   
    
   
 285,874 
   
    
   
 1.75 
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total covered bonds 
    
   
 280,595 
   
    
   
 285,874 
   
    
   
 1.75 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Corporate debt: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 903 
   
    
   
 916 
   
    
   
 3.49 
   
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 283,079 
   
    
   
 292,989 
   
    
   
 3.42 
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 161,398 
   
    
   
 152,608 
   
    
   
 2.79 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 10,113 
   
    
   
 10,727 
   
    
   
 4.85 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total corporate debt 
    
   
 455,493 
   
    
   
 457,240 
   
    
   
 3.23 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 500 
   
    
   
 500 
   
    
   
 1.43 
   
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 3,399 
   
    
   
 3,327 
   
    
   
 2.42 
   
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 NA 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 NA 
   
 
   Nonmarketable equity securities (2) 
    
   
 320,991 
   
    
   
 320,992 
   
    
   
 4.97 
   
 
   Marketable equity securities (3) 
    
   
 16,522 
   
    
   
 16,971 
   
    
   
 NA 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other 
    
   
 341,412 
   
    
   
 341,790 
   
    
   
 4.70 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total available-for-sale and other securities 
    
 $ 
 7,368,907 
   
    
 $ 
 7,308,753 
   
    
   
 2.51 
 % 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Weighted average yields were calculated using amortized cost on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Consists of FHLB and FRB restricted stock holding carried at par.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Consists of certain mutual fund and equity security holdings.    Investment securities portfolio    The expected weighted average
maturities of our AFS and HTM portfolios are significantly shorter than their contractual maturities as reflected in Note 4 and Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Particularly regarding the MBS and ABS, prepayments of
principal and interest that historically occur in advance of scheduled maturities will shorten the expected life of these portfolios. The expected weighted average maturities, which take into account expected prepayments of principal and
interest under existing interest rate conditions, are shown in the following table:    Table 24—Expected life of investment securities
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
     
    
 Available-for-Sale & Other Securities 
   
    
 Held-to-Maturity Securities 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Under 1 year 
    
 $ 
 588,909 
   
    
 $ 
 585,794 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   1—5 years 
    
   
 3,480,761 
   
    
   
 3,538,852 
   
    
   
 327,407 
   
    
   
 326,775 
   
 
   6—10 years 
    
   
 2,591,270 
   
    
   
 2,543,659 
   
    
   
 3,509,260 
   
    
   
 3,434,122 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 370,454 
   
    
   
 302,486 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 337,513 
   
    
   
 337,962 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 7,368,907 
   
    
 $ 
 7,308,753 
   
    
 $ 
 3,836,667 
   
    
 $ 
 3,760,897 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Bank Liquidity and Sources of Liquidity  
 Our primary sources of funding for the Bank are retail and commercial core deposits. As of December 31, 2013, these core deposits
funded 76% of total assets (105% of total loans). At December 31, 2013, total core deposits represented 95% of total deposits, relatively unchanged from prior year-end.    Core deposits are comprised of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing demand deposits, money market deposits, savings and other domestic deposits, consumer certificates of deposit both over and under
$250,000, and nonconsumer certificates of deposit less than $250,000. Noncore deposits consist of brokered money market deposits and certificates of deposit, foreign time deposits, and other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more comprised primarily
of public fund certificates of deposit more than $250,000.    Core deposits may increase our need for liquidity as certificates
of deposit mature or are withdrawn before maturity and as nonmaturity deposits, such as checking and savings account balances, are withdrawn. Noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased $1.1 billion from the prior year, but include certain large
commercial deposits that may be more short-term in nature.    Demand deposit overdrafts that have been reclassified as loan
balances were $19.3 million and $17.2 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    The following tables reflect
contractual maturities of other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable CDs as well as other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable CDs at December 31, 2013.
   Table 25—Maturity Schedule of time deposits, brokered deposits, and negotiable CDs  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 3 Months or Less 
   
    
 3 Months to 6 Months 
   
    
 6 Months to 12 Months 
   
    
 12 Months or More 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable CDs 
    
 $ 
 248 
   
    
 $ 
 1,345 
   
    
 $ 
 68 
   
    
 $ 
 193 
   
    
 $ 
 1,854 
   
 
   Other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable CDs 
    
 $ 
 263 
   
    
 $ 
 1,358 
   
    
 $ 
 91 
   
    
 $ 
 216 
   
    
 $ 
 1,928 
   
 
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table reflects deposit composition detail for each of the last five years:
   Table 26—Deposit Composition      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   By Type 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Demand deposits—noninterest-bearing 
   
 $ 
 13,650 
   
   
   
 29 
 % 
   
 $ 
 12,600 
   
   
   
 27 
 % 
   
 $ 
 11,158 
   
   
   
 26 
 % 
   
 $ 
 7,217 
   
   
   
 17 
 % 
   
 $ 
 6,907 
   
   
   
 17 
 % 
 
   Demand deposits—interest-bearing 
   
   
 5,880 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 6,218 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 5,722 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 5,469 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 5,890 
   
   
   
 15 
   
 
   Money market deposits 
   
   
 17,213 
   
   
   
 36 
   
   
   
 14,691 
   
   
   
 32 
   
   
   
 13,117 
   
   
   
 30 
   
   
   
 13,410 
   
   
   
 32 
   
   
   
 9,485 
   
   
   
 23 
   
 
   Savings and other domestic deposits 
   
   
 4,871 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 5,002 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 4,698 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 4,643 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 4,652 
   
   
   
 11 
   
 
   Core certificates of deposit 
   
   
 3,723 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 5,516 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 6,513 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 8,525 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 10,453 
   
   
   
 26 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total core deposits 
   
   
 45,337 
   
   
   
 95 
   
   
   
 44,027 
   
   
   
 95 
   
   
   
 41,208 
   
   
   
 95 
   
   
   
 39,264 
   
   
   
 93 
   
   
   
 37,387 
   
   
   
 92 
   
 
   Other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more 
   
   
 274 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 354 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 390 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 675 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 652 
   
   
   
 2 
   
 
   Brokered deposits and negotiable CDs 
   
   
 1,580 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1,594 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1,321 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 1,532 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 2,098 
   
   
   
 5 
   
 
   Deposits in foreign offices 
   
   
 316 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 278 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 361 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 383 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 357 
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deposits 
   
 $ 
 47,507 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 46,253 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 43,280 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 41,854 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 40,494 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total core deposits: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial 
   
 $ 
 19,982 
   
   
   
 44 
 % 
   
 $ 
 18,358 
   
   
   
 42 
 % 
   
 $ 
 16,366 
   
   
   
 40 
 % 
   
 $ 
 12,476 
   
   
   
 32 
 % 
   
 $ 
 11,368 
   
   
   
 30 
 % 
 
   Personal 
   
   
 25,355 
   
   
   
 56 
   
   
   
 25,669 
   
   
   
 58 
   
   
   
 24,842 
   
   
   
 60 
   
   
   
 26,788 
   
   
   
 68 
   
   
   
 26,019 
   
   
   
 70 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total core deposits 
   
 $ 
 45,337 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 44,027 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 41,208 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 39,264 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
   
 $ 
 37,387 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table reflects short-term borrowings detail for each of the last five years:  
 Table 27—Federal Funds Purchased and Repurchase Agreements      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Balance at period-end 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
 $ 
 549 
   
   
 $ 
 576 
   
   
 $ 
 1,434 
   
   
 $ 
 1,966 
   
   
 $ 
 851 
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 75 
   
   
   
 25 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average interest rate at period-end 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
   
 0.06 
 %  
   
   
 0.15 
 %  
   
   
 0.17 
 %  
   
   
 0.19 
 %  
   
   
 0.21 
 %  
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 2.59 
   
   
   
 1.98 
   
   
   
 2.74 
   
   
   
 0.53 
   
   
   
 1.17 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Maximum amount outstanding at month-end during the period 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
 $ 
 787 
   
   
 $ 
 1,590 
   
   
 $ 
 2,431 
   
   
 $ 
 2,084 
   
   
 $ 
 1,095 
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 19 
   
   
   
 26 
   
   
   
 86 
   
   
   
 108 
   
   
   
 54 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Average amount outstanding during the period 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
 $ 
 692 
   
   
 $ 
 1,293 
   
   
 $ 
 2,009 
   
   
 $ 
 1,375 
   
   
 $ 
 903 
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 8 
   
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 46 
   
   
   
 70 
   
   
   
 30 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average interest rate during the period 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
   
 0.08 
 %  
   
   
 0.14 
 %  
   
   
 0.16 
 %  
   
   
 0.19 
 %  
   
   
 0.21 
 %  
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 1.79 
   
   
   
 1.36 
   
   
   
 0.59 
   
   
   
 0.43 
   
   
   
 1.47 
   
   To the extent we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits, we may meet our
liquidity needs through sources of wholesale funding or asset securitization or sale. Sources of wholesale funding include other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more, brokered deposits and negotiable CDs, deposits in foreign offices,
short-term borrowings, FHLB advances, other long-term debt, and subordinated notes. At December 31, 2013, total wholesale funding was $7.0 billion, an increase from $5.2 billion at December 31, 2012. The increase from prior year primarily
relates to an increase in other long-term debt and FHLB borrowings, partially offset by a decrease in subordinated notes and short-term borrowings. The amounts included in wholesale funding at December 31, 2013, had a weighted average maturity
of 2.95 years.  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In August 2013, the Bank issued $350.0 million of senior notes at 99.865% of face value. The
senior bank note issuances mature on August 2, 2016 and have a fixed coupon rate of 1.35%. The senior note issuance may be redeemed one month prior to the maturity date at 100% of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest.  
 In November 2013, the Bank issued $500.0 million of senior notes at 99.979% of face value. The senior bank note issuances mature on
November 20, 2016 and have a fixed coupon rate of 1.30%. The senior note issuance may be redeemed one month prior to the maturity date at 100% of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest.  
 We can also obtain funding through other methods including: (1) purchasing federal funds, (2) selling securities under
repurchase agreements, (3) selling or maturity of investment securities, (4) selling or securitization of loans, (5) selling of national market certificates of deposit, (6) the relatively shorter-term structure of our commercial
loans  (see table below)  and automobile loans, and (7) issuing of common and preferred stock.    The Bank also has
access to the Federal Reserve’s discount window. These borrowings are secured by commercial loans and home equity lines-of-credit. The Bank is also a member of the FHLB, and as such, has access to advances from this facility. These advances are
generally secured by residential mortgages, other mortgage-related loans, and available-for-sale securities.    At
December 31, 2013, we believe the Bank had sufficient liquidity to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future.    Table
28—Maturity Schedule of Commercial Loans      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 One Year or Less 
   
   
 One to Five Years 
   
   
 After Five Years 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Percent of total 
   


 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 4,640 
   
   
 $ 
 9,689 
   
   
 $ 
 3,265 
   
   
 $ 
 17,594 
   
   
   
 78 
 % 
 
   Commercial real estate—construction 
    
   
 193 
   
   
   
 318 
   
   
   
 46 
   
   
   
 557 
   
   
   
 3 
   
 
   Commercial real estate—commercial 
    
   
 1,305 
   
   
   
 2,558 
   
   
   
 430 
   
   
   
 4,293 
   
   
   
 19 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 6,138 
   
   
 $ 
 12,565 
   
   
 $ 
 3,741 
   
   
 $ 
 22,444 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Variable-interest rates 
    
 $ 
 5,582 
   
   
 $ 
 10,057 
   
   
 $ 
 2,429 
   
   
 $ 
 18,068 
   
   
   
 81 
 % 
 
   Fixed-interest rates 
    
   
 556 
   
   
   
 2,508 
   
   
   
 1,312 
   
   
   
 4,376 
   
   
   
 19 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 6,138 
   
   
 $ 
 12,565 
   
   
 $ 
 3,741 
   
   
 $ 
 22,444 
   
   
   
 100 
 % 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Percent of total 
    
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 56 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   At December 31, 2013, AFS securities, with a fair value of $2.6 billion, were pledged to secure
public and trust deposits, interest rate swap agreements, U.S. Treasury demand notes, and securities sold under repurchase agreements.  
 Parent Company Liquidity    The parent company’s funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock,
and acquisitions. The parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from interest received from the Bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax
return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities.    At December 31, 2013 and
December 31, 2012, the parent company had $1.0 billion and $0.9 billion, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents.  
 Based on the current quarterly dividend of $0.05 per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be
approximately $41.5 million per quarter. Based on the current dividend, cash demands required for Series A Preferred Stock are estimated to be approximately $7.7 million per quarter. Cash demands required for Series B Preferred Stock are expected to
be approximately $0.3 million per quarter. The Preferred A and B dividends are payable on April 15, 2014, to shareholders of record on April 1, 2014.    Based on a regulatory dividend limitation, the Bank could not have declared and paid a dividend to the parent company until December 31, 2013, without regulatory approval due to the deficit position
of its undivided profits. We anticipate that the Bank will declare dividends to the holding company during the first half of 2014. To help meet any additional liquidity needs, we have an open-ended, automatic shelf registration statement filed and
effective with the SEC, which permits us to issue an unspecified amount of debt or equity securities.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  With the exception of the items discussed above, the parent company does not have any
significant cash demands. It is our policy to keep operating cash on hand at the parent company to satisfy cash demands for the next 18 months.    In August 2013, the parent company issued $400.0 million of senior notes at 99.8% of face value. The senior note issuances mature on August 2, 2018 and have a fixed coupon rate of 2.60%. The senior
note issuances may be redeemed one month prior to the maturity date at 100% of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest.    On
October 24, 2013, the OCC, U.S. Treasury, FRB, and the FDIC, issued an NPR regarding the implementation of a quantitative liquidity requirement consistent with the LCR standard established by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The
requirements are designed to promote the short term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of banks, to which it applies. Comments on the requirement could be submitted until January 31, 2014. If implemented as proposed, the
requirement will likely cause some banks, including us, to purchase additional amounts of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets, which can easily be converted into cash.    Considering the factors discussed above, and other analyses that we have performed, we believe the parent company has sufficient liquidity to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future.
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    In the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. These arrangements include financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the Bank and
commitments by the Bank to sell mortgage loans.    Standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the
performance of a customer to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. Most of these arrangements mature within
two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. Standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the Bank are required to hold.  
 Through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. When it is probable that a standby
letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. At December 31, 2013, we had $439.8 million of standby letters-of-credit outstanding, of which 84% were collateralized. Included in
this $439.8 million are letters-of-credit issued by the Bank that support securities that were issued by our customers and remarketed by The Huntington Investment Company, our broker-dealer subsidiary.  
 We enter into forward contracts relating to the mortgage banking business to hedge the exposures we have from commitments to extend new
residential mortgage loans to our customers and from our mortgage loans held for sale. At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, we had commitments to sell residential real estate loans of $452.6 million and $849.8 million, respectively.
These contracts mature in less than one year.    We do not believe that off-balance sheet arrangements will have a material
impact on our liquidity or capital resources.    Table 29—Contractual Obligations (1) 
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 One Year or Less 
   
    
 1 to 3 Years 
   
    
 3 to 5 Years 
   
    
 More than 5 Years 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Deposits without a stated maturity 
    
 $ 
 40,839 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 40,839 
   
 
   Certificates of deposit and other time deposits 
    
   
 4,674 
   
    
   
 1,643 
   
    
   
 228 
   
    
   
 123 
   
    
   
 6,668 
   
 
   FHLB advances 
    
   
 1,800 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 1,808 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 552 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 552 
   
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 850 
   
    
   
 435 
   
    
   
 65 
   
    
   
 1,350 
   
 
   Subordinated notes 
    
   
 125 
   
    
   
 108 
   
    
   
 231 
   
    
   
 637 
   
    
   
 1,101 
   
 
   Operating lease obligations 
    
   
 49 
   
    
   
 90 
   
    
   
 77 
   
    
   
 189 
   
    
   
 405 
   
 
   Purchase commitments 
    
   
 114 
   
    
   
 131 
   
    
   
 43 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 293 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts do not include associated interest payments. 
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Operational Risk  
 As with all companies, we are subject to operational risk. Operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error; inadequate or failed
internal systems and controls; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, and security risks. We
continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk. For example, we actively and continuously monitor cyber-attacks such as
attempts related to eFraud and loss of sensitive customer data. We evaluate internal systems, processes and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses.  
 To mitigate operational risks, we have established a senior management Operational Risk Committee and a senior management Legal,
Regulatory, and Compliance Committee. The responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends
that may have a significant impact and ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. Both of these committees report any significant findings and recommendations to the Risk Management Committee. Additionally,
potential concerns may be escalated to our ROC, as appropriate.    The goal of this framework is to implement effective
operational risk techniques and strategies, minimize operational and fraud losses, and enhance our overall performance.    Representation
and Warranty Reserve    We primarily conduct our mortgage loan sale and securitization activity with FNMA and FHLMC. In
connection with these and other securitization transactions, we make certain representations and warranties that the loans meet certain criteria, such as collateral type and underwriting standards. We may be required to repurchase individual loans
and / or indemnify these organizations against losses due to a loan not meeting the established criteria. As part of the consumer portfolio review that was initiated during the 2013 third quarter (see Consumer Credit section for description), we
continue to evaluate representation and warranty exposure of loans sold with servicing retained associated with borrowers who filed bankruptcy. We have a reserve for such losses and exposure, which is included in accrued expenses and other
liabilities. The reserves are estimated based on historical and expected repurchase activity, average loss rates, and current economic trends. The level of mortgage loan repurchase losses depends upon economic factors, investor demand strategies and
other external conditions containing a level of uncertainty and risk that may change over the life of the underlying loans. We currently do not have sufficient information to estimate the range of reasonably possible loss related to representation
and warranty exposure.    The tables below reflect activity in the representations and warranties reserve:  
 Table 30—Summary of Reserve for Representations and Warranties on Mortgage Loans Serviced for Others  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Reserve for representations and warranties, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 28,588 
   
   
 $ 
 23,218 
   
   
 $ 
 20,171 
   
   
   
 5,916 
   
   
 $ 
 5,270 
   
 
   Assumed reserve for representations and warranties 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,000 
   
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Reserve charges 
    
   
 (12,513 
 )  
   
   
 (10,628 
 )  
   
   
 (8,711 
 )  
   
   
 (9,012 
 )  
   
   
 (2,516 
 )  
 
   Provision for representations and warranties 
    
   
 5,952 
   
   
   
 15,998 
   
   
   
 11,758 
   
   
   
 16,267 
   
   
   
 3,162 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Reserve for representations and warranties, end of year 
    
 $ 
 22,027 
   
   
 $ 
 28,588 
   
   
 $ 
 23,218 
   
   
 $ 
 20,171 
   
   
 $ 
 5,916 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Table 31—Mortgage Loan Repurchase Statistics  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   


 
   Number of loans sold 
    
   
 22,240 
   
   
   
 26,345 
   
   
   
 22,146 
   
   
   
 28,744 
   
 
   Amount of loans sold (UPB) 
    
 $ 
 3,255,732 
   
   
 $ 
 4,105,243 
   
   
 $ 
 3,170,903 
   
   
 $ 
 4,309,247 
   
 
   Number of loans repurchased (1) 
    
   
 159 
   
   
   
 219 
   
   
   
 128 
   
   
   
 399 
   
 
   Amount of loans repurchased (UPB) (1) 
    
 $ 
 18,102 
   
   
 $ 
 29,123 
   
   
 $ 
 19,442 
   
   
 $ 
 61,754 
   
 
   Number of claims received 
    
   
 780 
   
   
   
 666 
   
   
   
 445 
   
   
   
 472 
   
 
   Successful dispute rate (2) 
    
   
 46 
 % 
   
   
 46 
 % 
   
   
 50 
 % 
   
   
 31 
 % 
 
   Number of make whole payments (3) 
    
   
 167 
   
   
   
 167 
   
   
   
 72 
   
   
   
 95 
   
 
   Amount of make whole payments (3) 
    
 $ 
 11,445 
   
   
 $ 
 9,432 
   
   
 $ 
 5,553 
   
   
 $ 
 7,679 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (1) 
 Loans repurchased are loans that fail to meet the purchaser’s terms.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Successful disputes are a percent of close out requests.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Make whole payments are payments to reimburse for losses on foreclosed properties.    Compliance Risk    Financial institutions are
subject to several laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. These broad-based mandates include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, and
community reinvestment. Additionally, the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. As such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance
experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy.
Additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and / or other courses related to the extension of credit. We set a high
standard of expectation for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance.  
 Capital  
 (This section should be read in conjunction with the Regulatory Matters section included in Part 1, Item 1 and Note 14 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.)    The following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary
to calculate certain financial ratios, including the Tier 1 common equity ratio, which we use to measure capital adequacy:    Table
32—Consolidated Capital Adequacy      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Consolidated capital calculations: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 5,713 
   
   
 $ 
 5,404 
   
   
 $ 
 5,032 
   
   
 $ 
 4,618 
   
   
 $ 
 3,648 
   
 
   Preferred shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 386 
   
   
   
 386 
   
   
   
 386 
   
   
   
 363 
   
   
   
 1,688 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 6,099 
   
   
   
 5,790 
   
   
   
 5,418 
   
   
   
 4,981 
   
   
   
 5,336 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 (444 
 )  
   
   
 (444 
 )  
   
   
 (444 
 )  
   
   
 (444 
 )  
   
   
 (444 
 )  
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 (93 
 )  
   
   
 (132 
 )  
   
   
 (175 
 )  
   
   
 (229 
 )  
   
   
 (289 
 )  
 
   Other intangible asset deferred tax liability(1) 
    
   
 33 
   
   
   
 46 
   
   
   
 61 
   
   
   
 80 
   
   
   
 101 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total tangible equity(2) 
    
   
 5,595 
   
   
   
 5,260 
   
   
   
 4,860 
   
   
   
 4,388 
   
   
   
 4,704 
   
 
   Preferred shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 (386 
 )  
   
   
 (386 
 )  
   
   
 (386 
 )  
   
   
 (363 
 )  
   
   
 (1,688 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total tangible common equity(2) 
    
 $ 
 5,209 
   
   
 $ 
 4,874 
   
   
 $ 
 4,474 
   
   
 $ 
 4,025 
   
   
 $ 
 3,016 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 59,476 
   
   
 $ 
 56,153 
   
   
 $ 
 54,451 
   
   
 $ 
 53,820 
   
   
 $ 
 51,555 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 (444 
 )  
   
   
 (444 
 )  
   
   
 (444 
 )  
   
   
 (444 
 )  
   
   
 (444 
 )  
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 (93 
 )  
   
   
 (132 
 )  
   
   
 (175 
 )  
   
   
 (229 
 )  
   
   
 (289 
 )  
 
   Other intangible asset deferred tax liability(1) 
    
   
 33 
   
   
   
 46 
   
   
   
 61 
   
   
   
 80 
   
   
   
 101 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total tangible assets(2) 
    
 $ 
 58,972 
   
   
 $ 
 55,623 
   
   
 $ 
 53,893 
   
   
 $ 
 53,227 
   
   
 $ 
 50,923 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tier 1 capital 
    
 $ 
 6,100 
   
   
 $ 
 5,741 
   
   
 $ 
 5,557 
   
   
 $ 
 5,022 
   
   
 $ 
 5,201 
   
 
   Preferred shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 (386 
 )  
   
   
 (386 
 )  
   
   
 (386 
 )  
   
   
 (363 
 )  
   
   
 (1,688 
 )  
 
   Trust-preferred securities 
    
   
 (299 
 )  
   
   
 (299 
 )  
   
   
 (532 
 )  
   
   
 (570 
 )  
   
   
 (570 
 )  
 
   REIT-preferred stock 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (50 
 )  
   
   
 (50 
 )  
   
   
 (50 
 )  
   
   
 (50 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tier 1 common equity(2) 
    
 $ 
 5,415 
   
   
 $ 
 5,006 
   
   
 $ 
 4,589 
   
   
 $ 
 4,039 
   
   
 $ 
 2,893 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
    
 $ 
 49,690 
   
   
 $ 
 47,773 
   
   
 $ 
 45,891 
   
   
 $ 
 43,471 
   
   
 $ 
 42,816 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tier 1 common equity / RWA ratio(2) 
    
   
 10.90  
 %  
   
   
 10.48  
 %  
   
   
 10.00  
 %  
   
   
 9.29  
 %  
   
   
 6.76  
 %  
 
   Tangible equity / tangible asset ratio(2) 
    
   
 9.49 
   
   
   
 9.46 
   
   
   
 9.02 
   
   
   
 8.24 
   
   
   
 9.24 
   
 
   Tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio(2) 
    
   
 8.83 
   
   
   
 8.76 
   
   
   
 8.30 
   
   
   
 7.56 
   
   
   
 5.92 
   
 
   Tangible common equity / RWA ratio(2) 
    
   
 10.48 
   
   
   
 10.20 
   
   
   
 9.75 
   
   
   
 9.26 
   
   
   
 7.04 
   
 
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (1) 
 Intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Tangible equity, Tier 1 common equity, tangible common equity, and tangible assets are non-GAAP financial measures. Additionally, any ratios utilizing these financial
measures are also non-GAAP. These financial measures have been included as they are considered to be critical metrics with which to analyze and evaluate financial condition and capital strength. Other companies may calculate these financial measures
differently.    Our Tier 1 common equity risk-based ratio improved 42 basis points to 10.90% at December 31,
2013, compared with 10.48% at December 31, 2012. This increase primarily reflected the increase in retained earnings, partially offset by the repurchase of 16.7 million common shares and the impacts related to increased risk-weighted
assets.    The following table presents certain regulatory capital data at both the consolidated and Bank levels for the past
five years:    Table 33— Regulatory Capital Data      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
   
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Total risk-weighted assets 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
 $ 
 49,690 
    
   
 $ 
 47,773 
    
   
 $ 
 45,891 
    
   
 $ 
 43,471 
    
   
 $ 
 42,816 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 49,609 
   
   
   
 47,676 
   
   
   
 45,651 
   
   
   
 43,281 
   
   
   
 43,149 
   
 
   Tier 1 risk-based capital 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 6,100 
   
   
   
 5,741 
   
   
   
 5,557 
   
   
   
 5,022 
   
   
   
 5,201 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 5,682 
   
   
   
 5,003 
   
   
   
 4,245 
   
   
   
 3,683 
   
   
   
 2,873 
   
 
   Tier 2 risk-based capital 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 1,139 
   
   
   
 1,187 
   
   
   
 1,221 
   
   
   
 1,263 
   
   
   
 1,030 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 838 
   
   
   
 1,091 
   
   
   
 1,508 
   
   
   
 1,866 
   
   
   
 1,907 
   
 
   Total risk-based capital 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 7,239 
   
   
   
 6,928 
   
   
   
 6,778 
   
   
   
 6,285 
   
   
   
 6,231 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 6,520 
   
   
   
 6,094 
   
   
   
 5,753 
   
   
   
 5,549 
   
   
   
 4,780 
   
 
   Tier 1 leverage ratio 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 10.67 
 % 
   
   
 10.36 
 % 
   
   
 10.28 
 % 
   
   
 9.41 
 % 
   
   
 10.09 
 % 
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 9.97 
   
   
   
 9.05 
   
   
   
 7.89 
   
   
   
 6.97 
   
   
   
 5.59 
   
 
   Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 12.28 
   
   
   
 12.02 
   
   
   
 12.11 
   
   
   
 11.55 
   
   
   
 12.15 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 11.45 
   
   
   
 10.49 
   
   
   
 9.30 
   
   
   
 8.51 
   
   
   
 6.66 
   
 
   Total risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 Consolidated 
    
    
   
 14.57 
   
   
   
 14.50 
   
   
   
 14.77 
   
   
   
 14.46 
   
   
   
 14.55 
   
 
 
    
   
 Bank 
    
    
   
 13.14 
   
   
   
 12.78 
   
   
   
 12.60 
   
   
   
 12.82 
   
   
   
 11.08 
   
   The increase in our consolidated Tier 1 risk-based capital ratios compared with December 31, 2012,
primarily reflected an increase in retained earnings, partially offset by the repurchase of 16.7 million common shares and the impacts related to the payments of dividends.    Shareholders’ Equity    We generate shareholders’ equity
primarily through earnings, net of dividends. Other potential sources of shareholders’ equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. Our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk
tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities. Shareholders’ equity totaled $6.1 billion at December 31, 2013, representing a $0.3
billion, or 5%, increase compared with December 31, 2012, primarily due to an increase in retained earnings.    Dividends
   We consider disciplined capital management as a key objective, with dividends representing one component. Our strong
capital ratios and expectations for continued earnings growth positions us to continue to actively explore additional capital management opportunities.    On January 16, 2014, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per common share, payable on April 1, 2014. Also, cash dividends of $0.05, $0.05, $0.05 and $0.04 per
common share were declared on October 17, 2013, July 18, 2013, April 17, 2013 and January 17, 2013, respectively. Our 2013 capital plan to the FRB included the continuation of our current common dividend through the
2014 first quarter.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On January 16, 2014, our board of directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend on
our 8.50% Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock of $21.25 per share. The dividend is payable on April 1, 2014. Cash dividends of $21.25 per share were also declared on October 17, 2013, July 18,
2013, April 17, 2013 and January 17, 2013    On January 16, 2014, our board of directors also declared a
quarterly cash dividend on our Floating Rate Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of $7.35 per share. The dividend is payable on April 1, 2014. Also, cash dividends of $7.36, $7.42, $7.44 and $7.51 per share were declared on
October 17, 2013, July 18, 2013, April 17, 2013 and January 17, 2013, respectively.    Share Repurchases
   From time to time the board of directors authorizes the Company to repurchase shares of our common stock. Although we
announce when the board of directors authorizes share repurchases, we do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. Future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or
delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. Various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit
plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations, including the FRB’s response to our capital plan.  
 Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program consistent with our capital plan of the potential repurchase of up to
$227.0 million of common stock. During 2013, we repurchased 16.7 million common shares at a weighted average share price of $7.46. Huntington has the ability to repurchase up to $136 million of additional shares of common stock through the
first quarter of 2014. We intend to continue disciplined repurchase activity consistent with our annual capital plan, our capital return objectives, and market conditions.    BUSINESS SEGMENT DISCUSSION    Overview  
 We have four major business segments: Retail and Business Banking; Regional and Commercial Banking; Automobile Finance and Commercial Real
Estate; and Wealth Advisors, Government Finance, and Home Lending. A Treasury / Other function also includes our insurance business and other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. While this section reviews financial performance
from a business segment perspective, it should be read in conjunction with the Discussion of Results of Operations, Note 25 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and other sections for a full understanding of our consolidated financial
performance.    Business segment results are determined based upon our management reporting system, which assigns balance sheet
and income statement items to each of the business segments. The process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other
financial institutions.    Revenue Sharing    Revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. Fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to,
or providing service to, customers. Results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations.    Expense
Allocation    The management accounting process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates
and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. Expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. The first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to
activities related to product origination and servicing. These activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. The second phase consists of the
allocation of overhead costs to all four business segments from Treasury / Other. We utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all Treasury / Other expenses, except those related to our insurance business, reported Significant Items (except for
the goodwill impairment), and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the four business segments.  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP)  
 We use an active and centralized FTP methodology to attribute appropriate income to the business segments. The intent of the FTP
methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. The result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the
Treasury / Other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. The Treasury / Other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. The FTP rate is based on
prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities).    Net Income by Business Segment  
 The segregation of net income by business segment for the past three years is presented in the following table:  
 Table 34—Net Income by Business Segment      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Retail and Business Banking 
    
 $ 
 67,895 
   
    
 $ 
 89,183 
   
    
 $ 
 175,395 
   
 
   Regional and Commercial Banking 
    
   
 117,720 
   
    
   
 129,112 
   
    
   
 109,846 
   
 
   AFCRE 
    
   
 202,901 
   
    
   
 201,203 
   
    
   
 186,151 
   
 
   WGH 
    
   
 64,748 
   
    
   
 93,534 
   
    
   
 25,883 
   
 
   Treasury / Other 
    
   
 185,477 
   
    
   
 127,990 
   
    
   
 45,338 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
    
 $ 
 641,022 
   
    
 $ 
 542,613 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Treasury / Other    The Treasury / Other function includes revenue and expense related to our insurance business, and assets, liabilities, and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the four business segments.
Other assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance. The financial impact associated with our FTP methodology, as described above, is also included.    Net interest income includes the impact of administering our investment securities portfolios and the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity. Noninterest income includes
insurance income, miscellaneous fee income not allocated to other business segments, such as bank owned life insurance income and any investment security and trading asset gains or losses. Noninterest expense includes any insurance-related expenses,
as well as certain corporate administrative, merger, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments. The provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 35% tax rate, though our overall
effective tax rate is lower. As a result, Treasury / Other reflects a credit for income taxes representing the difference between the lower actual effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate used to allocate income taxes to the business segments.
   The $57.5 million, or 45%, year over year increase in net income for Treasury/Other was primarily the result of the FTP
process described above. The FTP process produced increased net income for Treasury/Other as the sustained low market interest rate environment, combined with a shift in funding mix to include additional wholesale sources, resulted in lower FTP
credits paid to the business segments.    Optimal Customer Relationship (OCR)  
 Our OCR initiative is a cross-business segment strategy designed to increase overall customer profitability and retention by deepening
product and service penetration to consumer and commercial customers. We believe this can be accomplished by taking our broad array of services and products and delivering them through a rigorous and disciplined sales management process that is
consistent across all business segments and regions. It is also supported by robust sales and cross-referral technology.    OCR
was introduced in late 2009. Through 2010, much of the effort was spent on defining processes, sales training, and systems development to fully capture and measure OCR performance metrics. In 2011, we introduced OCR-related metrics for commercial
relationships, which complements the previously disclosed consumer OCR-related metrics. In 2013, we continue to experience strong consumer household and commercial relationship growth.  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CONSUMER OCR PERFORMANCE    For consumer OCR performance there are three key performance metrics: (1) the number of checking account households, (2) the number of product penetration per consumer checking household, and
(3) the revenue generated from the consumer households of all business segments.    The growth in consumer checking account
number of households is a result of both new sales of checking accounts and improved retention of existing checking account households. The overall objective is to grow the number of households, along with an increase in product penetration.
   We use the checking account since it typically represents the primary banking relationship product. We count additional
services by type, not number of services. For example, a household that has one checking account and one mortgage, we count as having two services. A household with four checking accounts, we count as having one service. The household relationship
utilizing four or more services is viewed to be more profitable and loyal. The overall objective, therefore, is to decrease the percentage of 1-3 services per consumer checking account household, while increasing the percentage of those with 4 or
more services. Since we have made significant strides toward having the vast majority of our customers with 4+ services, during the 2013 second quarter, we changed our measurement to 6+ services. We are holding ourselves to a higher performance
standard.    The following table presents consumer checking account household OCR metrics:  
 Table 35—Consumer Checking Household OCR Cross-sell Report      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Number of households 
    
   
 1,324,971 
   
   
   
 1,228,812 
   
 
   Product Penetration by Number of Services 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   1 Service 
    
   
 3.0 
 %  
   
   
 3.1 
 %  
 
   2-3 Services 
    
   
 19.2 
   
   
   
 18.6 
   
 
   4-5 Services 
    
   
 30.2 
   
   
   
 31.1 
   
 
   6+ Services 
    
   
 47.6 
   
   
   
 47.2 
   
 
   Total revenue  (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 948.1 
   
   
 $ 
 983.4 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Our emphasis on cross-sell, coupled with customers increasingly being attracted by
the benefits offered through our “Fair Play” banking philosophy with programs such as 24-Hour Grace ® 
on overdrafts and Asterisk-Free Checking™, are having a positive effect. The percent of consumer households with 6+ services at the end of 2013 was 47.6%, up from 47.2% at the end of last year. For 2013, consumer checking account households
grew 8%. Total consumer checking account household revenue in 2013 was $948.1 million, down $35.3 million, or 4%, from 2012. Household revenue was negatively impacted by the February 2013 implementation of a new posting order for consumer
transactions.    COMMERCIAL OCR PERFORMANCE    For commercial OCR performance, there are three key performance metrics: (1) the number of commercial relationships, (2) the number of services penetration per commercial relationship, and
(3) the revenue generated. Commercial relationships include relationships from all business segments.    The growth in the
number of commercial relationships is a result of both new sales of checking accounts and improved retention of existing commercial accounts. The overall objective is to grow the number of relationships, along with an increase in product service
distribution.    The commercial relationship is defined as a business banking or commercial banking customer with a checking
account relationship. We use this metric because we believe that the checking account anchors a business relationship and creates the opportunity to increase our cross-sell. Multiple sales of the same type of service are counted as one service, the
same as consumer.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents commercial relationship OCR metrics:  
 Table 36—Commercial Relationship OCR Cross-sell Report      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Commercial Relationships 
    
   
 159,716 
   
   
   
 151,083 
   
   
   
 138,357 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Product Penetration by Number of Services 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   1 Service 
    
   
 21.1  
 % 
   
   
 24.6  
 % 
   
   
 28.4  
 % 
 
   2-3 Services 
    
   
 41.4 
   
   
   
 40.4 
   
   
   
 40.2 
   
 
   4+ Services 
    
   
 37.5 
   
   
   
 35.0 
   
   
   
 31.4 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total revenue  (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 738.5 
   
   
 $ 
 724.4 
   
   
 $ 
 675.2 
   
   By focusing on targeted relationships we are able to achieve higher product service penetration among our
commercial relationships, and leverage these relationships to generate a deeper share of wallet. The percent of commercial relationships utilizing 4 or more services at the end of 2013 was 37.5%, up from 35.0% from the prior year. For 2013,
commercial relationships grew 6%. Total commercial relationship revenue in 2013 was $738.5 million, up $14.1 million, or 2%, from 2012.  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Retail and Business Banking    Table 37—Key Performance Indicators for Retail and Business Banking      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Change from 2012 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 813,871 
   
   
 $ 
 870,146 
   
   
 $ 
 (56,275 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 932,385 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 137,898 
   
   
   
 136,061 
   
   
   
 1,837 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 120,018 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 392,797 
   
   
   
 385,498 
   
   
   
 7,299 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 405,265 
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 964,316 
   
   
   
 982,378 
   
   
   
 (18,062 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 947,794 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 36,559 
   
   
   
 48,022 
   
   
   
 (11,463 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 94,443 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 67,895 
   
   
 $ 
 89,183 
   
   
 $ 
 (21,288 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 175,395 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of employees (average full-time equivalent) 
    
   
 5,220 
   
   
   
 5,084 
    
   
   
 136 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 4,971 
    
 
   Total average assets  (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 14,408 
   
   
 $ 
 14,307 
   
   
 $ 
 101 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 13,453 
   
 
   Total average loans/leases  (in millions) 
    
   
 12,699 
   
   
   
 12,697 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12,041 
   
 
   Total average deposits  (in millions) 
    
   
 28,323 
   
   
   
 28,070 
   
   
   
 253 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 28,507 
   
 
   Net interest margin 
    
   
 2.89  
 %  
   
   
 3.11  
 %  
   
   
 (0.22 
 )%  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 3.26  
 %  
 
   NCOs 
    
 $ 
 125,468 
   
   
 $ 
 158,577 
   
   
 $ 
 (33,109 
 )  
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
 $ 
 170,199 
   
 
   NCOs as a % of average loans and leases 
    
   
 0.99  
 %  
   
   
 1.25  
 %  
   
   
 (0.26 
 )%  
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 1.41  
 %  
 
   Return on average common equity 
    
   
 4.7 
   
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
   
 (1.6 
 )  
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 12.4 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   2013 vs. 2012    Retail and Business Banking reported net income of $67.9 million in 2013. This was a decrease of $21.3 million, or 24%, compared to the year-ago period. The decrease in net income reflected a combination
of factors described below.    The decrease in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   22 basis point decrease in net interest margin, primarily due to a 24 basis point decline in deposit spreads resulting from declining rates and reduced
FTP rates.    Partially offset by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.3 billion, or 1%, increase in total average deposit balances.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   6 basis points increase in loan spreads, primarily due to a reduction in FTP rates assigned to loans.  
 The increase in total average deposits from the year-ago period reflected:   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.1 billion, or 15%, increase in money market deposits.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.7 billion, or 7%, increase in total demand deposits.    Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.6 billion, or 27%, decrease in core certificate of deposits, primarily due to the continued focus on product mix in reducing the overall cost of
deposits.    The increase in the provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected: 
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.8 million, or 1%, increase, primarily due to growth of the new consumer credit card balances.  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The increase in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $12.3 million, or 6%, increase in deposit service charge income, primarily due to strong household and account growth, offsetting a $27.5 million
reduction in service charge revenue that resulted from our change in check posting order early in 2013.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.3 million, or 13%, increase in electronic banking income, primarily due to strong consumer household growth combined with increased consumer debit
card activity.    Partially offset by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.0 million, or 17%, decrease in fee share revenue, primarily related to mortgage banking.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.9 million, or 6%, decrease in gain on sale of loans.    The decrease in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $15.0 million, or 7%, decrease in personnel expenses in the branch network, primarily due to franchise repositioning expense initiatives. In 2013, we
continued initiatives to improve teller efficiency and install new deposit automation ATM’s.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.9 million, or 20%, reduction in marketing expense, primarily due to lower levels of advertising and reduced promotional offers.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.2 million, or 13%, reduction in amortization of intangibles.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.0 million, or 51%, reduction in professional services, primarily due to a decrease in outside consultant expenses and legal services related to
collections.    Partially offset by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $21.1 million, or 5%, increase in other expenses, primarily due to an increase in allocated overhead.  
 2012 vs. 2011  
 Retail and Business Banking reported net income of $89.2 million in 2012, compared with a net income of $175.4 million in 2011. The $86.2
million decrease included a $62.2 million, or 7%, decrease in net interest income, a $34.6 million, or 4%, increase in noninterest expense, a $19.8 million, or 5%, decrease in noninterest income, and a $16.0 million, or 13%, decrease in the
provision for credit losses, partially offset by a $46.4 million, or 49%, decrease in the provision for income taxes.  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Regional and Commercial Banking    Table 38—Key Performance Indicators for Regional and Commercial Banking      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Change from 2012 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 276,480 
   
   
 $ 
 273,869 
   
   
 $ 
 2,611 
   
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 244,392 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 16,982 
   
   
   
 10,689 
   
   
   
 6,293 
   
   
   
 59 
   
   
   
 11,013 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 140,639 
   
   
   
 138,454 
   
   
   
 2,185 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 127,315 
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 219,029 
   
   
   
 203,000 
   
   
   
 16,029 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 191,701 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 63,388 
   
   
   
 69,522 
   
   
   
 (6,134 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 59,147 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 117,720 
   
   
 $ 
 129,112 
   
   
 $ 
 (11,392 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 109,846 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of employees (average full-time equivalent) 
    
   
 668 
   
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 592 
    
 
   Total average assets  (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 12,008 
   
   
 $ 
 10,961 
   
   
 $ 
 1,047 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
 $ 
 9,283 
   
 
   Total average loans/leases  (in millions) 
    
   
 11,185 
   
   
   
 10,076 
   
   
   
 1,109 
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 8,326 
   
 
   Total average deposits  (in millions) 
    
   
 5,871 
   
   
   
 5,324 
   
   
   
 547 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 3,882 
   
 
   Net interest margin 
    
   
 2.59 
 %  
   
   
 2.80 
 %  
   
   
 (0.21 
 )%  
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 2.95 
 %  
 
   NCOs 
    
 $ 
 (2,927 
 )  
   
 $ 
 35,217 
   
   
 $ 
 (38,144 
 )  
   
   
 (108 
 )  
   
 $ 
 39,568 
   
 
   NCOs as a % of average loans and leases 
    
   
 (0.03 
 )%  
   
   
 0.35 
 %  
   
   
 (0.38 
 )%  
   
   
 (109 
 )  
   
   
 0.48 
 %  
 
   Return on average common equity 
    
   
 10.6 
   
   
   
 14.8 
   
   
   
 (4.2 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 15.1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   2013 vs. 2012    Regional and Commercial Banking reported net income of $117.7 million in 2013. This was a decrease of $11.4 million, or 9%, compared to the year-ago period. The decrease in net income reflected a
combination of factors described below.    The increase in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.1 billion, or 11%, increase in total average loans and leases.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.5 billion, or 10%, increase in average total deposits.    Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   21 basis point decrease in the net interest margin, primarily due to compressed deposit spreads resulting from declining rates and reduced FTP rates.
   The increase in total average loans and leases from the year-ago period reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.4 billion, or 18%, increase in the equipment finance portfolio average balance, primarily due to our focus on developing vertical strategies in
business aircraft, rail industry, lender finance, municipal, and syndications.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.4 billion, or 39%, increase in the healthcare portfolio average balance, primarily due to a strategic focus on the banking needs of the healthcare
industry, specifically targeting alternate site real estate, seniors’ real estate, medical technology, community hospitals, metro hospitals, and health care services.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.3 billion, or 7%, in the middle market portfolio average balance, primarily in our major metro markets overcoming a $0.1 billion, or 4%, reduction
in the funded balances of lines of credit due to a reduction in the average utilization rate.    The
increase in total average deposits from the year-ago period reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.5 billion, or 10%, increase in core deposits, primarily due to a $0.3 billion, or 14%, increase in money market account deposits and a $0.2 billion,
or 8%, increase in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. Regional and Commercial Banking initiated a strategic focus to gain a deeper share of wallet with certain key relationships. This focus was specifically targeted to liquidity solutions for
these customers and resulted in significant deposit growth. Middle market accounts, such as not-for-profit universities and healthcare, contributed $0.4 billion of the balance growth, while large corporate accounts contributed $0.1 billion.
 
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The increase in the provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Provision expense increased, as a result of our enhanced commercial risk rating system that increases the granularity of the risk ratings resulting in
an increase in the portfolio risk rating profile. However, there was a net reduction in loss given default rates within the C&I portfolio due to the incorporation of current collateral values in the risk determination process.
   Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A continued improvement in the credit quality of the portfolio, as evidenced by a 38 basis point reduction in NCOs and a $23 million, or 59% decline in
non-performing assets.    The increase in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.3 million, or 25%, increase in commitment and other loan fees, primarily due to increased syndications activity.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.1 million, or 100%, increase in the sale of Huntington Investment Company related products.  
 Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.1 million, or 10%, decrease in deposit service charge income and other Treasury Management related revenue, primarily due to the impact of earnings
credits by our customers.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.8 million, or 4%, decrease in capital markets related income attributed to a $3.3 million, or 15%, decrease in sales of customer interest rate
protection products, partially offset by a $1.0 million, or 9% increase in foreign exchange revenue.    The
increase in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $7.2 million, or 31%, increase in allocated overhead.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.5 million, or 6%, increase in personnel costs, primarily due to our strategic investments in our core footprint markets, vertical strategies, and
product capabilities.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.7 million, or 31%, increase in outside data processing and other services, primarily due to Treasury Management products and services, such as the
new Commercial Card product implemented in 2013.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.1 million, or 35%, increase in equipment expense, primarily due to the increased deployment of Treasury Management remote deposit capture units, as
well as investments in a Treasury Management payables project, commodities system, and syndications system.  
 Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.4 million, or 22%, decrease in credit administration related expenses, reflecting the continued improvement in the commercial loan portfolio, as
evidenced by a 41% reduction in the average balance of the SAD portfolio compared to the year ago period.    2012 vs.
2011    Regional and Commercial Banking reported net income of $129.1 million in 2012, compared with a net income of
$109.8 million in 2011. The $19.3 million increase included a $29.5 million, or 12%, increase in net interest income, a $11.1 million, or 9%, increase in noninterest income, and a $0.3 million, or 3%, decrease in the provision for credit losses,
partially offset by a $11.3 million, or 6%, increase in noninterest expense.  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate  
 Table 39—Key Performance Indicators for Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Change from 2012 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 Amount  
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 356,488 
   
   
 $ 
 356,442 
   
   
 $ 
 46 
   
   
   
 —   
 %  
   
 $ 
 364,449 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 (71,312 
 )  
   
   
 (22,962 
 )  
   
   
 (48,350 
 )  
   
   
 211 
   
   
   
 (8,939 
 )  
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 34,099 
   
   
   
 84,619 
   
   
   
 (50,520 
 )  
   
   
 (60 
 )  
   
   
 77,623 
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 149,744 
   
   
   
 154,480 
   
   
   
 (4,736 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 164,626 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 109,254 
   
   
   
 108,340 
   
   
   
 914 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 100,234 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 202,901 
   
   
 $ 
 201,203 
   
   
 $ 
 1,698 
   
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 186,151 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of employees (average full-time equivalent) 
    
   
 270 
   
   
   
 271 
    
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
   
 —   
 %  
   
   
 278 
    
 
   Total average assets  (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 12,654 
   
   
 $ 
 12,424 
   
   
 $ 
 230 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
 $ 
 13,025 
   
 
   Total average loans/leases  (in millions) 
    
   
 12,062 
   
   
   
 11,380 
   
   
   
 682 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 12,985 
   
 
   Total average deposits  (in millions) 
    
   
 992 
   
   
   
 889 
   
   
   
 103 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 786 
   
 
   Net interest margin 
    
   
 2.81 
 % 
   
   
 2.84 
 % 
   
   
 (0.03 
 )% 
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 2.74 
 % 
 
   NCOs 
    
 $ 
 31,970 
   
   
 $ 
 80,244 
   
   
 $ 
 (48,274 
 )  
   
   
 (60 
 )  
   
 $ 
 153,715 
   
 
   NCOs as a % of average loans and leases 
    
   
 0.27 
 % 
   
   
 0.71 
 % 
   
   
 (0.44 
 )% 
   
   
 (62 
 )  
   
   
 1.18 
 % 
 
   Return on average common equity 
    
   
 38.2 
   
   
   
 33.9 
   
   
   
 4.3 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 27.3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   2013 vs. 2012    AFCRE reported net income of $202.9 million in 2013. This was an increase of $1.7 million, or 1%, compared to the year-ago period. The increase in net income reflected a combination of factors described
below.    The increase in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.7 billion, or 6%, increase in average loans and leases.    Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.6 billion, or 78%, decrease in average loans held for sale related to automobile loan securitization activities.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   3 basis point decrease in the net interest margin.    The increase in total average loans and leases from the year-ago period reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A $1.2 billion, or 25%, increase in automobile loans. Indirect automobile loan originations totaled $4.2 billion, up 5% from 2012.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.2 billion, or 8%, increase in automobile floor plan and other commercial loans.  
 Partially offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.6 billion, or 14%, decrease in commercial real estate loans.  
 The decrease in the reduction in allowance for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A $48.3 million, or 60% decrease in net charge-offs, primarily due to a net overall improvement in the real estate market. The market improvement
is reflected in both the number of defaults and the LGD rates, which are driven primarily by real estate recovery rates. 
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The decrease in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $42.4 million, or 100%, decrease in gains on sales of loans, primarily due to the securitization and sale totaling $2.5 billion of indirect auto loans
during 2012, with no similar transactions occurring in 2013.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $8.2 million, or 80%, decrease in operating lease income, primarily due to the continued runoff of that portfolio as we exited that business at the end
of 2008.    The decrease in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.3 million, or 81%, decrease in operating lease expense, primarily due to the continued runoff of that portfolio.  
 2012 vs. 2011  
 AFCRE reported net income of $201.2 million in 2012, compared with a net income of $186.2 million in 2011. The $15.1 million increase
included a $10.1 million, or 6%, decrease in noninterest expense, a $14.0 million, or 157%, decrease in the provision for credit losses, partially offset by a $8.0 million, or 2%, decrease in net interest income.  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Wealth Advisors, Government Finance, and Home Lending    
 Table 40—Key Performance Indicators for Wealth Advisors, Government Finance, and Home Lending  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Change from 2012 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 172,033 
   
   
 $ 
 192,681 
   
   
 $ 
 (20,648 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 199,536 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 6,477 
   
   
   
 23,600 
   
   
   
 (17,123 
 )  
   
   
 (73 
 )  
   
   
 51,967 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 299,588 
   
   
   
 351,057 
   
   
   
 (51,469 
 )  
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 248,764 
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 365,531 
   
   
   
 376,239 
   
   
   
 (10,708 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 356,513 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 34,865 
   
   
   
 50,365 
   
   
   
 (15,500 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 13,937 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 64,748 
   
   
 $ 
 93,534 
   
   
 $ 
 (28,786 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 25,883 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of employees (average full-time equivalent) 
    
   
 2,161 
   
   
   
 2,110 
    
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 2,090 
    
 
   Total average assets  (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 7,516 
   
   
 $ 
 7,610 
   
   
 $ 
 (94 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,778 
   
 
   Total average loans/leases  (in millions) 
    
   
 5,860 
   
   
   
 5,994 
   
   
   
 (134 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 5,437 
   
 
   Total average deposits (in millions) 
    
   
 9,714 
   
   
   
 9,711 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,134 
   
 
   Net interest margin 
    
   
 1.75 
 % 
   
   
 1.87 
 %  
   
   
 (0.12 
 )%  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 2.16 
 %  
 
   NCOs 
    
 $ 
 27,415 
   
   
 $ 
 43,038 
   
   
 $ 
 (15,623 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   
 $ 
 57,485 
   
 
   NCOs as a % of average loans and leases 
    
   
 0.47 
 % 
   
   
 0.72 
 %  
   
   
 (0.25 
 )%  
   
   
 (35 
 )  
   
   
 1.06 
 %  
 
   Return on average common equity 
    
   
 9.0 
   
   
   
 12.8 
   
   
   
 (3.8 
 )  
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 3.8 
   
 
   Mortgage banking origination volume (in millions)  
    
 $ 
 4,418 
    
   
 $ 
 4,833 
    
   
 $ 
 (415 
 )    
   
   
 (9 
 )    
   
 $ 
 3,921 
    
 
   Noninterest income shared with other business segments (1) 
    
   
 39,357 
   
   
   
 46,744 
   
   
   
 (7,387 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 42,761 
   
 
   Total assets under management  (in billions)—eop 
    
   
 16.7 
   
   
   
 15.9 
   
   
   
 0.8 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 14.6 
   
 
   Total trust assets  (in billions)—eop 
    
   
 80.9 
   
   
   
 73.9 
   
   
   
 7.0 
   
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 59.3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   eop—End of Period.  
 
 
 (1)   
   Amount is not included in noninterest income reported above.    2013 vs. 2012    WGH reported net income of $64.7 million in 2013.
This was a decrease of $28.8 million, or 31%, when compared to the year-ago period. The decrease in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.    The decrease in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   12 basis point decrease in the net interest margin, primarily due to compressed deposit spreads resulting from declining rates and reduced FTP rates.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.1 billion, or 2%, decrease in average loans and leases.    The decrease in provision for credit losses reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $20.3 million, or 8%, decrease in delinquencies.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $15.4 million, or 10%, decrease in classified assets.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $15.6 million, or 36%, decline in NCOs.    The decrease in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $58.8 million, or 37%, decrease in mortgage banking income primarily due to lower production volumes, a higher percentage of mortgages retained on the
balance sheet, and narrower spread on production.  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Partially offset by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.7 million, or 74%, increase in other income, primarily due to a gain on sale of certain Low Income Housing Tax Credit investments.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.2 million, or 14%, increase in service charges on deposit accounts, primarily due to increased fees related to several high check volume commercial
accounts.    The decrease in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.7 million, or 5%, decrease in other expenses, primarily due to lower mortgage repurchase expense.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.9 million, or 11%, decrease in outside data processing and other services expense, as we continue to invest in technology supporting our products,
services, and continuous improvement initiatives.    Partially offset by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.9 million, or 1%, increase in personnel costs.    2012 vs. 2011    WGH reported net income of $93.5 million in 2012,
compared with a net income of $25.9 million in 2011. The $67.6 million increase included a $102.3 million, or 41%, increase in noninterest income, a $28.4 million, or 55%, decrease in the provision for credit losses partially offset by a $19.7
million, or 6% increase in noninterest expense and a $6.9 million, or 3%, decrease in net interest income.  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  RESULTS FOR THE FOURTH QUARTER    Earnings Discussion    In the 2013 fourth quarter, we reported net income of
$157.8 million, a decrease of $9.5 million, or 6%, from the 2012 fourth quarter, as a $51.0 million, or 17%, decrease in noninterest income total revenue more than offset a $24.6 million, or 5%, decrease in noninterest expense and $15.1 million, or
38%, decrease in the provision for credit losses.    Table 41—Significant Items Influencing Earnings Performance Comparison
   (dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Impact (1) 
   
 
 Three Months Ended: 
    
 Amount 
   
   
 EPS (2) 
   


 
   December 31, 2013—GAAP net income 
    
 $ 
 157.8 
   
   
 $ 
 0.18 
   
 
   Franchise repositioning related expense (3) 
    
   
 (6.7 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 ) 
 
 
 
 
 
   December 31, 2012—GAAP net income 
    
 $ 
 167.3 
   
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   Favorable (unfavorable) impact on GAAP earnings; pretax unless otherwise noted.  
 
 
 (2)   
   After-tax. EPS is reflected on a fully diluted basis.  
 
 
 (3)   
   Pretax    Net Interest
Income / Average Balance Sheet    FTE net interest income of $438.8 million was relatively unchanged from the year-ago
quarter, reflecting a $2.3 billion, or 5%, increase in average earnings assets offset by a 17 basis point decrease in NIM.  
 The following table presents the $2.7 billion, or 7%, increase in average total loans and leases:  
 Table 42—Average Loans/Leases—2013 Fourth Quarter vs. 2012 Fourth Quarter  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fourth Quarter 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   


 
   Average Loans/Leases 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 17,671 
   
    
 $ 
 16,507 
   
    
 $ 
 1,164 
   
   
   
 7 
 %  
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 4,904 
   
    
   
 5,473 
   
    
   
 (569 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial 
    
   
 22,575 
   
    
   
 21,980 
   
    
   
 595 
   
   
   
 3 
   
 
   Automobile 
    
   
 6,502 
   
    
   
 4,486 
   
    
   
 2,016 
   
   
   
 45 
   
 
   Home equity 
    
   
 8,346 
   
    
   
 8,345 
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 5,331 
   
    
   
 5,155 
   
    
   
 176 
   
   
   
 3 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 385 
   
    
   
 431 
   
    
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total consumer 
    
   
 20,564 
   
    
   
 18,417 
   
    
   
 2,147 
   
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total loans/leases 
    
 $ 
 43,139 
   
    
 $ 
 40,397 
   
    
 $ 
 2,742 
   
   
   
 7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The increase in average total loans and leases reflected:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.2 billion, or 7%, increase in average C&I loans and leases. This reflected the continued growth within the middle market healthcare
vertical, equipment finance, and dealer floorplan.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.0 billion, or 45%, increase in average on balance sheet automobile loans, as the growth in originations, while below industry levels, remained
strong and our investments in the Northeast and upper Midwest continued to grow as planned.    Partially
offset by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $0.6 billion, or 10%, decrease in average CRE loans, as acceptable returns for new originations were balanced against internal concentration limits and
increased competition for projects sponsored by high quality developers.  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table details the $7.0 million, or less than 1%, increase in average total deposits:
   Table 43—Average Deposits—2013 Fourth Quarter vs. 2012 Fourth Quarter  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fourth Quarter 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   


 
   Average Deposits 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Demand deposits: noninterest-bearing 
    
 $ 
 13,337 
   
    
 $ 
 13,121 
   
    
 $ 
 216 
   
   
   
 2 
 %  
 
   Demand deposits: interest-bearing 
    
   
 5,755 
   
    
   
 5,843 
   
    
   
 (88 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total demand deposits 
    
   
 19,092 
   
    
   
 18,964 
   
    
   
 128 
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
   Money market deposits 
    
   
 16,827 
   
    
   
 14,749 
   
    
   
 2,078 
   
   
   
 14 
   
 
   Savings and other domestic deposits 
    
   
 4,912 
   
    
   
 4,960 
   
    
   
 (48 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Core certificates of deposit 
    
   
 3,916 
   
    
   
 5,637 
   
    
   
 (1,721 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total core deposits 
    
   
 44,747 
   
    
   
 44,310 
   
    
   
 437 
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
   Other deposits 
    
   
 2,027 
   
    
   
 2,457 
   
    
   
 (430 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deposits 
    
 $ 
 46,774 
   
    
 $ 
 46,767 
   
    
 $ 
 7 
   
   
   
 —   
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The increase in average total deposits from the year-ago quarter reflected:  
 Average core certificates of deposit declined primarily due to the strategic focus on changing the funding sources to no-cost demand
deposits and low-cost money market deposits. This strategy, along with a strategic focus on customer growth and increased share of wallet among both consumer and commercial customers resulted an increase in money market deposits.  
 Provision for Credit Losses    The provision for credit losses in the 2013 fourth quarter was $24.3 million, down $15.1 million, or 38%, from the year-ago quarter, reflecting a reduction of the ACL as a result of the improvement in the
underlying credit quality of the loan portfolio. The 2013 fourth quarter provision for credit losses was $22.1 million less than total NCOs, reflecting the resolution of problem loans for which reserves had been previously established.  
 Noninterest Income    Table
44—Noninterest Income—2013 Fourth Quarter vs. 2012 Fourth Quarter      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fourth Quarter 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   


 
   Service charges on deposit accounts 
    
 $ 
 69,992 
   
    
 $ 
 68,083 
   
    
 $ 
 1,909 
   
   
   
 3 
 % 
 
   Mortgage banking income 
    
   
 24,327 
   
    
   
 61,711 
   
    
   
 (37,384 
 )  
   
   
 (61 
 )  
 
   Trust services 
    
   
 30,711 
   
    
   
 31,388 
   
    
   
 (677 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Electronic banking 
    
   
 24,251 
   
    
   
 21,011 
   
    
   
 3,240 
   
   
   
 15 
   
 
   Insurance income 
    
   
 15,556 
   
    
   
 17,268 
   
    
   
 (1,712 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Brokerage income 
    
   
 15,116 
   
    
   
 17,415 
   
    
   
 (2,299 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Bank owned life insurance income 
    
   
 13,816 
   
    
   
 13,767 
   
    
   
 49 
   
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Capital markets fees 
    
   
 12,332 
   
    
   
 12,918 
   
    
   
 (586 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Gain on sale of loans 
    
   
 7,144 
   
    
   
 20,690 
   
    
   
 (13,546 
 )  
   
   
 (65 
 )  
 
   Securities gains (losses) 
    
   
 1,239 
   
    
   
 863 
   
    
   
 376 
   
   
   
 44 
   
 
   Other income 
    
   
 32,144 
   
    
   
 32,537 
   
    
   
 (393 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
 $ 
 246,628 
   
    
 $ 
 297,651 
   
    
 $ 
 (51,023 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )% 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Noninterest income decreased $51.0 million, or 17%, from the year-ago quarter, primarily reflecting a
$37.4 million, or 61%, decrease in mortgage banking income and a $17 million automobile loan securitization gain in the year-ago quarter.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Noninterest Expense    (This section should be read in conjunction with Significant Item 2.)    Table
45—Noninterest Expense—2013 Fourth Quarter vs. 2012 Fourth Quarter      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fourth Quarter 
   
    
 Change 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Percent 
   


 
   Personnel costs 
    
 $ 
 249,554 
   
    
 $ 
 253,952 
   
    
 $ 
 (4,398 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )% 
 
   Outside data processing and other services 
    
   
 51,071 
   
    
   
 48,699 
   
    
   
 2,372 
   
   
   
 5 
   
 
   Net occupancy 
    
   
 31,983 
   
    
   
 29,008 
   
    
   
 2,975 
   
   
   
 10 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 28,775 
   
    
   
 26,580 
   
    
   
 2,195 
   
   
   
 8 
   
 
   Marketing 
    
   
 13,704 
   
    
   
 16,456 
   
    
   
 (2,752 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
 
   Deposit and other insurance expense 
    
   
 10,056 
   
    
   
 16,327 
   
    
   
 (6,271 
 )  
   
   
 (38 
 )  
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 10,320 
   
    
   
 11,647 
   
    
   
 (1,327 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
 
   Professional services 
    
   
 11,567 
   
    
   
 22,514 
   
    
   
 (10,947 
 )  
   
   
 (49 
 )  
 
   Other expense 
    
   
 38,979 
   
    
   
 45,445 
   
    
   
 (6,466 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
 $ 
 446,009 
   
    
 $ 
 470,628 
   
    
 $ 
 (24,619 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )% 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of employees (average full-time equivalent) 
    
   
 11,765 
   
    
   
 11,789 
   
    
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 —   
 % 
   Noninterest expense decreased $24.6 million, or 5%, reflecting the Company’s continued disciplined
expense management. The 2013 fourth quarter also included $6.7 million of franchise repositioning expense related to the consolidation of 22 branches, severance, and facilities optimization.    Provision for Income Taxes    The provision for income taxes in the
2013 fourth quarter was $49.1 million and $54.3 million in the 2012 fourth quarter. The effective tax rate in the 2013 fourth quarter was 23.7% compared to 24.5% in the 2012 fourth quarter. At December 31, 2013 and 2012 we had a net deferred
tax asset of $137.6 million and $203.9 million, respectively.    Credit Quality  
 Credit quality performance in the 2013 fourth quarter reflected continued improvement in the overall loan portfolio relating to NCO
activity, as well as in key credit quality metrics, including a 21% decline in NPAs.    NCOs  
 Total NCOs for the 2013 fourth quarter were $46.4 million, or an annualized 0.43% of average total loans and leases. NCOs in the year-ago
quarter were $70.1 million, or an annualized 0.69%. These declines reflected improvement in the overall credit quality of the portfolio.  
 NALs    Total NALs were
$322.1 million at December 31, 2013, and represented 0.75% of total loans and leases. This was down $85.6 million, or 21%, from $407.6 million, or 1.00%, of total loans and leases at the end of the year ago period. This decrease primarily
reflected substantial improvement in the C&I and CRE portfolio, partially offset by an increase in consumer NALs resulting from Chapter 7 bankruptcy consumer loans.  
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  ACL    (This section should be read in conjunction with Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)    ACL as a percent of total loans and leases at December 31, 2013, was 1.65%, down from 1.99% at December 31, 2012. We believe the decline in the ratio is appropriate given the continued
improvement in the risk profile of our loan portfolio. Further, we believe that early identification of loans with changes in credit metrics and aggressive action plans for these loans, combined with originating high quality new loans will
contribute to continued improvement in our key credit quality metrics. 
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 46—Selected Quarterly Income Statement Data (1)       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
 Fourth 
   
   
 Third 
   
   
 Second 
   
   
 First 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 469,824 
   
   
 $ 
 462,912 
   
   
 $ 
 462,582 
   
   
 $ 
 465,319 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 39,175 
   
   
   
 38,060 
   
   
   
 37,645 
   
   
   
 41,149 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
   
 430,649 
   
   
   
 424,852 
   
   
   
 424,937 
   
   
   
 424,170 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 24,331 
   
   
   
 11,400 
   
   
   
 24,722 
   
   
   
 29,592 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
    
   
 406,318 
   
   
   
 413,452 
   
   
   
 400,215 
   
   
   
 394,578 
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
   
 246,628 
   
   
   
 250,503 
   
   
   
 248,655 
   
   
   
 252,209 
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 446,009 
   
   
   
 423,336 
   
   
   
 445,865 
   
   
   
 442,793 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 206,937 
   
   
   
 240,619 
   
   
   
 203,005 
   
   
   
 203,994 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 49,114 
   
   
   
 62,132 
   
   
   
 52,354 
   
   
   
 52,214 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 157,823 
   
   
 $ 
 178,487 
   
   
 $ 
 150,651 
   
   
 $ 
 151,780 
   
 
   Dividends on preferred shares 
    
   
 7,965 
   
   
   
 7,967 
   
   
   
 7,967 
   
   
   
 7,970 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income applicable to common shares 
    
 $ 
 149,858 
   
   
 $ 
 170,520 
   
   
 $ 
 142,684 
   
   
 $ 
 143,810 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common shares outstanding 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Average—basic 
    
   
 830,590 
   
   
   
 830,398 
   
   
   
 834,730 
   
   
   
 841,103 
   
 
   Average—diluted (2) 
    
   
 842,324 
   
   
   
 841,025 
   
   
   
 843,840 
   
   
   
 848,708 
   
 
   Ending 
    
   
 830,963 
   
   
   
 830,145 
   
   
   
 829,675 
   
   
   
 838,758 
   
 
   Book value per common share 
    
 $ 
 6.88 
   
   
 $ 
 6.72 
   
   
 $ 
 6.51 
   
   
 $ 
 6.53 
   
 
   Tangible book value per common share (3) 
    
   
 6.27 
   
   
   
 6.10 
   
   
   
 5.88 
   
   
   
 5.91 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income—basic 
    
 $ 
 0.18 
   
   
 $ 
 0.21 
   
   
 $ 
 0.17 
   
   
 $ 
 0.17 
   
 
   Net income—diluted 
    
   
 0.18 
   
   
   
 0.20 
   
   
   
 0.17 
   
   
   
 0.17 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
   
 0.05 
   
   
   
 0.05 
   
   
   
 0.05 
   
   
   
 0.04 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Common stock price, per share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 High (4) 
    
 $ 
 9.73 
   
   
 $ 
 8.78 
   
   
 $ 
 7.96 
   
   
 $ 
 7.55 
   
 
 
 Low (4) 
    
   
 8.04 
   
   
   
 7.90 
   
   
   
 6.82 
   
   
   
 6.48 
   
 
   Close 
    
   
 9.65 
   
   
   
 8.26 
   
   
   
 7.87 
   
   
   
 7.37 
   
 
   Average closing price 
    
   
 8.98 
   
   
   
 8.45 
   
   
   
 7.46 
   
   
   
 7.07 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Return on average total assets 
    
   
 1.09 
 % 
   
   
 1.27 
 % 
   
   
 1.08 
 % 
   
   
 1.10 
 % 
 
   Return on average common shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 10.5 
   
   
   
 12.3 
   
   
   
 10.4 
   
   
   
 10.7 
   
 
   Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (5) 
    
   
 12.1 
   
   
   
 14.1 
   
   
   
 12.0 
   
   
   
 12.4 
   
 
   Efficiency ratio (6) 
    
   
 63.7 
   
   
   
 60.6 
   
   
   
 64.0 
   
   
   
 63.3 
   
 
   Effective tax rate 
    
   
 23.7 
   
   
   
 25.8 
   
   
   
 25.8 
   
   
   
 25.6 
   
 
   Margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets (7) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest income (7) 
    
   
 3.58 
 % 
   
   
 3.64 
 % 
   
   
 3.68 
 % 
   
   
 3.75 
 % 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 0.30 
   
   
   
 0.30 
   
   
   
 0.30 
   
   
   
 0.33 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest margin (7) 
    
   
 3.28 
 % 
   
   
 3.34 
 % 
   
   
 3.38 
 % 
   
   
 3.42 
 % 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenue—FTE 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 430,649 
   
   
 $ 
 424,852 
   
   
 $ 
 424,937 
   
   
 $ 
 424,170 
   
 
   FTE adjustment 
    
   
 8,196 
   
   
   
 6,634 
   
   
   
 6,587 
   
   
   
 5,923 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income (7) 
    
   
 438,845 
   
   
   
 431,486 
   
   
   
 431,524 
   
   
   
 430,093 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 246,628 
   
   
   
 250,503 
   
   
   
 248,655 
   
   
   
 252,209 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue  (7) 
    
 $ 
 685,473 
   
   
 $ 
 681,989 
   
   
 $ 
 680,179 
   
   
 $ 
 682,302 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Continued  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 46—Selected Quarterly Income Statement, Capital, and Other
Data—Continued (1)       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Capital adequacy 
   
 2013 
   
 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
   
 September 30, 
   
   
 June 30, 
   
   
 March 31, 
   


 
   Total risk-weighted assets (in millions) 
   
 $ 
  49,690 
   
   
 $ 
  48,687 
   
   
 $ 
  48,080 
   
   
 $ 
  47,937 
   
 
   Tier 1 leverage ratio 
   
   
 10.67 
 % 
   
   
 10.85 
 % 
   
   
 10.64 
 % 
   
   
 10.57 
 % 
 
   Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
   
   
 12.28 
   
   
   
 12.36 
   
   
   
 12.24 
   
   
   
 12.16 
   
 
   Total risk-based capital ratio 
   
   
 14.57 
   
   
   
 14.67 
   
   
   
 14.57 
   
   
   
 14.55 
   
 
   Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio 
   
   
 10.90 
   
   
   
 10.85 
   
   
   
 10.71 
   
   
   
 10.62 
   
 
   Tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio (8) 
   
   
 8.83 
   
   
   
 9.02 
   
   
   
 8.78 
   
   
   
 8.92 
   
 
   Tangible equity / tangible asset ratio (9) 
   
   
 9.49 
   
   
   
 9.71 
   
   
   
 9.47 
   
   
   
 9.62 
   
 
   Tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio 
   
   
 10.48 
   
   
   
 10.40 
   
   
   
 10.15 
   
   
   
 10.34 
   
 
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 47—Selected Quarterly Income Statement Data (1)       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
 Fourth 
   
   
 Third 
   
   
 Second 
   
   
 First 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 478,995 
   
   
 $ 
 483,787 
   
   
 $ 
 487,544 
   
   
 $ 
 479,937 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 44,940 
   
   
   
 53,489 
   
   
   
 58,582 
   
   
   
 62,728 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
   
 434,055 
   
   
   
 430,298 
   
   
   
 428,962 
   
   
   
 417,209 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 39,458 
   
   
   
 37,004 
   
   
   
 36,520 
   
   
   
 34,406 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
    
   
 394,597 
   
   
   
 393,294 
   
   
   
 392,442 
   
   
   
 382,803 
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
   
 297,651 
   
   
   
 261,067 
   
   
   
 253,819 
   
   
   
 285,320 
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 470,628 
   
   
   
 458,303 
   
   
   
 444,269 
   
   
   
 462,676 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 221,620 
   
   
   
 196,058 
   
   
   
 201,992 
   
   
   
 205,447 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 54,341 
   
   
   
 28,291 
   
   
   
 49,286 
   
   
   
 52,177 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 167,279 
   
   
 $ 
 167,767 
   
   
 $ 
 152,706 
   
   
 $ 
 153,270 
   
 
   Dividends on preferred shares 
    
   
 7,973 
   
   
   
 7,983 
   
   
   
 7,984 
   
   
   
 8,049 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income applicable to common shares 
    
 $ 
 159,306 
   
   
 $ 
 159,784 
   
   
 $ 
 144,722 
   
   
 $ 
 145,221 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common shares outstanding 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Average—basic 
    
   
 847,220 
   
   
   
 857,871 
   
   
   
 862,261 
   
   
   
 864,499 
   
 
   Average—diluted (2) 
    
   
 853,306 
   
   
   
 863,588 
   
   
   
 867,551 
   
   
   
 869,164 
   
 
   Ending 
    
   
 842,813 
   
   
   
 855,485 
   
   
   
 858,401 
   
   
   
 864,675 
   
 
   Book value per share 
    
 $ 
 6.41 
   
   
 $ 
 6.34 
   
   
 $ 
 6.13 
   
   
 $ 
 5.97 
   
 
   Tangible book value per share (3) 
    
   
 5.78 
   
   
   
 5.71 
   
   
   
 5.49 
   
   
   
 5.33 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income—basic 
    
 $ 
 0.19 
   
   
 $ 
 0.19 
   
   
 $ 
 0.17 
   
   
 $ 
 0.17 
   
 
   Net income —diluted 
    
   
 0.19 
   
   
   
 0.19 
   
   
   
 0.17 
   
   
   
 0.17 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
   
 0.04 
   
   
   
 0.04 
   
   
   
 0.04 
   
   
   
 0.04 
   
 
   Common stock price, per share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 High (4) 
    
 $ 
 7.20 
   
   
 $ 
 7.20 
   
   
 $ 
 6.77 
   
   
 $ 
 6.58 
   
 
 
 Low (4) 
    
   
 5.90 
   
   
   
 6.16 
   
   
   
 5.84 
   
   
   
 5.49 
   
 
   Close 
    
   
 6.39 
   
   
   
 6.90 
   
   
   
 6.40 
   
   
   
 6.45 
   
 
   Average closing price 
    
   
 6.42 
   
   
   
 6.56 
   
   
   
 6.37 
   
   
   
 5.97 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Return on average total assets 
    
   
 1.19 
 % 
   
   
 1.19 
 % 
   
   
 1.10 
 % 
   
   
 1.13 
 % 
 
   Return on average common shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 11.6 
   
   
   
 11.9 
   
   
   
 11.1 
   
   
   
 11.4 
   
 
   Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (5) 
    
   
 13.5 
   
   
   
 13.9 
   
   
   
 13.1 
   
   
   
 13.5 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Efficiency ratio (6) 
    
   
 62.3 
   
   
   
 64.5 
   
   
   
 62.8 
   
   
   
 63.8 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Effective tax rate (benefit) 
    
   
 24.5 
   
   
   
 14.4 
   
   
   
 24.4 
   
   
   
 25.4 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets (7) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest income (7) 
    
   
 3.80 
 % 
   
   
 3.79 
 % 
   
   
 3.89 
 % 
   
   
 3.91 
 % 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 0.35 
   
   
   
 0.41 
   
   
   
 0.47 
   
   
   
 0.51 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest margin (7) 
    
   
 3.45 
 % 
   
   
 3.38 
 % 
   
   
 3.42 
 % 
   
   
 3.40 
 % 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenue—FTE 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 434,055 
   
   
 $ 
 430,298 
   
   
 $ 
 428,962 
   
   
 $ 
 417,209 
   
 
   FTE adjustment 
    
   
 5,470 
   
   
   
 5,254 
   
   
   
 5,747 
   
   
   
 3,935 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income (7) 
    
   
 439,525 
   
   
   
 435,552 
   
   
   
 434,709 
   
   
   
 421,144 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 297,651 
   
   
   
 261,067 
   
   
   
 253,819 
   
   
   
 285,320 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue (7) 
    
 $ 
 737,176 
   
   
 $ 
 696,619 
   
   
 $ 
 688,528 
   
   
 $ 
 706,464 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Continued  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Table 47—Selected Quarterly Income Statement, Capital, and Other
Data—Continued (1)       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Capital adequacy 
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
   
 September 30, 
   
   
 June 30, 
   
   
 March 31, 
   


 
   Total risk-weighted assets  (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 47,773 
   
   
 $ 
 48,147 
   
   
 $ 
 47,890 
   
   
 $ 
 46,716 
   
 
   Tier 1 leverage ratio 
    
   
 10.36 
 % 
   
   
 10.29 
 % 
   
   
 10.34 
 % 
   
   
 10.55 
 % 
 
   Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 12.02 
   
   
   
 11.88 
   
   
   
 11.93 
   
   
   
 12.22 
   
 
   Total risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 14.50 
   
   
   
 14.36 
   
   
   
 14.42 
   
   
   
 14.76 
   
 
   Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio 
    
   
 10.48 
   
   
   
 10.28 
   
   
   
 10.08 
   
   
   
 10.15 
   
 
   Tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio (8) 
    
   
 8.76 
   
   
   
 8.74 
   
   
   
 8.41 
   
   
   
 8.33 
   
 
   Tangible equity / tangible asset ratio (9) 
    
   
 9.46 
   
   
   
 9.43 
   
   
   
 9.10 
   
   
   
 9.03 
   
 
   Tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio 
    
   
 10.20 
   
   
   
 10.14 
   
   
   
 9.85 
   
   
   
 9.86 
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   Comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. Refer to the Significant Items section for additional discussion regarding these
items.  
 
 
 (2)   
   For all quarterly periods presented above, the impact of the convertible preferred stock issued in April of 2008 was excluded from the diluted share
calculation because the result would have been higher than basic earnings per common share (anti-dilutive) for the periods.  
 
 
 (3)   
   Deferred tax liability related to other intangible assets is calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (4)   
   High and low stock prices are intra-day quotes obtained from NASDAQ.  
 
 
 (5)   
   Net income excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible shareholders’ equity. Average tangible
shareholders’ equity equals average total stockholders’ equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. Expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability, and calculated assuming a
35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (6)   
   Noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles divided by the sum of FTE net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities (losses)
gains.  
 
 
 (7)   
   Presented on a FTE basis assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (8)   
   Tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other
intangible assets). Other intangible assets are net of deferred tax, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 
 
 (9)   
   Tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible
assets). Other intangible assets are net of deferred tax, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.  
 ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES    Forward-Looking Statements    This report, including MD&A, contains
certain forward-looking statements, including certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. Statements that do not describe historical or current facts,
including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future
or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. The forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.    While there is no assurance
that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: (1) worsening of credit
quality performance due to a number of factors such as the underlying value of collateral that could prove less valuable than otherwise assumed and assumed cash flows may be worse than expected; (2) changes in general economic, political, or
industry conditions; uncertainty in U.S. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets; (3) movements in interest rates;
(4) competitive pressures on product pricing and services; (5) success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services implementing our “Fair Play” banking philosophy;
(6) changes in accounting policies and principles and the accuracy of our assumptions and estimates used to prepare our financial statements; (7) extended disruption of vital infrastructure; (8) the final outcome of significant
litigation; (9) the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the
Basel III regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the OCC, Federal Reserve, FDIC, and CFPB; and (10) the outcome of judicial and regulatory decisions regarding practices in the residential mortgage industry, including among other
things the processes followed for foreclosing residential mortgages.  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on
information available at that time. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events except as required by federal securities laws. As forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.  
 Non-Regulatory Capital Ratios    In addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the Company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
 Tangible common equity to tangible assets,      
 
 
   
 • 
 Tier 1 common equity to risk-weighted assets using Basel I and Basel III definitions, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
 Tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using Basel I definition.    These non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. Additionally, presentation
of these ratios allows readers to compare the Company’s capitalization to other financial services companies. These ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes preferred securities,
the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. These ratios are not defined in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) or federal banking regulations. As a result, these non-regulatory capital
ratios disclosed by the Company are considered non-GAAP financial measures.    Because there are no standardized definitions for
these non-regulatory capital ratios, the Company’s calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. Also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. As a result, the Company
encourages readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this Form 10-K in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure. Basel III Tier 1 common capital ratio estimates are
based on management’s current interpretation, expectations, and understanding of the final U.S. Basel III rules adopted by the Federal Reserve Board and released on July 2, 2013.    Risk Factors    More information on risk is set forth under the heading Risk
Factors included in Item 1A and incorporated by reference into this MD&A. Additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the Risk Management and Capital discussion, as well as the Regulatory Matters section included in
Item 1 and incorporated by reference into the MD&A.    Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Significant Estimates  
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this
MD&A, describes the significant accounting policies we use in our Consolidated Financial Statements.    An accounting
estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and
circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. The most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.  
 Allowance for Credit Losses    Our ACL of $0.7 billion at December 31, 2013, represents our estimate of probable credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio and our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. We
regularly review our ACL for appropriateness by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio. In doing so, we consider factors such as the differing economic risk associated with each loan category, the financial condition of
specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. We also evaluate the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic
conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our ACL at each reporting date. There is no certainty that our ACL will be appropriate
over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. If the credit quality of our customer base materially
deteriorates, the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the ACL is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, bank regulators periodically review our ACL and may require us to increase our
provision for loan and lease losses or loan charge-offs. Any increase in our ACL or loan charge-offs as required by these regulatory authorities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
 Goodwill Impairment    Goodwill is an intangible asset representing the difference between the purchase price of an asset and its fair market value and is created when a company pays a premium to acquire another company. We
test goodwill for impairment annually, as of October 1, using a two-step process that begins with an estimation of the fair value of each reporting unit. Goodwill impairment exists when a reporting unit’s carrying value of goodwill exceeds
its implied fair value. Goodwill is also tested for impairment on an interim basis, using the same two-step process as the annual testing, if an event occurs or circumstances change between annual tests that would more likely than not reduce the
fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount.    Significant judgment is applied when goodwill is assessed for
impairment. This judgment includes developing cash flow projections, selecting appropriate discount rates, identifying relevant market comparables, incorporating general economic and market conditions, and selecting an appropriate control premium.
The selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a higher or lower fair value. Judgment is applied in determining the weightings that are most representative of fair value.  
 The first step (Step 1) of impairment testing requires comparing the fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill to its carrying
value to identify potential impairment. For our annual impairment testing conducted during 2013, we identified four reporting units with goodwill: Retail and Business Banking, Regional and Commercial Banking, Wealth Advisors, Government Finance, and
Home Lending (WGH), and Insurance. Auto Finance and Commercial Real Estate was not subject to impairment testing as it had no goodwill associated with the unit. In addition, although Insurance is included within Treasury/Other for business segment
reporting, it was evaluated as a separate reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing because it had its own separately allocated goodwill resulting from prior acquisitions and met the reporting unit criteria.  
 For all four reporting units identified in the above paragraph, we utilized both income and market approaches to determine the fair value
for each reporting unit. The income approach was based on discounted cash flows derived from assumptions of balance sheet and income statement activity. An internal forecast was developed by considering several long-term key business drivers such as
anticipated loan and deposit growth, net interest margins, and efficiency ratios. Long-term growth rates were estimated to assist in determining the terminal values. The discount rates were estimated based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model, which
considered the risk-free interest rate (20-year Treasury Bonds), market-risk premium, equity-risk premium, and a company-specific risk factor. The company-specific risk factor was used to address the uncertainty of growth estimates and earnings
projections of Management. For the market approach, revenue, earnings and market capitalization multiples of comparable public companies were selected and applied to each reporting unit’s applicable metrics such as book and tangible book
values. The results of the income and market approaches are combined to arrive at the final calculation of fair value. All four of the reporting units tested passed Step 1.    The second step (Step 2) of impairment testing is necessary only if the reporting unit does not pass Step 1. Step 2 compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount
of the goodwill for the reporting unit. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as goodwill that is recognized in a business combination. Significant judgment and estimates are involved in estimating the fair value of the
assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. As none of the reporting units failed Step 1, Step 2 was not applicable during 2013 testing.    Due to potential economic uncertainties, it is possible that our estimates and assumptions may adversely change in the future. If our market capitalization decreases, we may be required to record goodwill
impairment losses in future periods, whether in connection with our next annual impairment testing or prior to that time, if any changes constitute a triggering event.    Valuation of Financial Instruments    Assets and liabilities carried
at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. Assets measured at fair value include mortgage loans held for sale, available-for-sale and trading securities, certain securitized automobile loans, derivatives,
and certain securitization trust notes payable. At December 31, 2013, approximately $7.6 billion of our assets and $0.1 billion of our liabilities were recorded at fair value. In addition to the above mentioned on-going fair value measurements,
fair value is also the unit of measure for recording business combinations and other non-recurring financial assets and liabilities.       At the end of each quarter, we assess the valuation hierarchy for each asset or liability measured at fair value. As necessary, assets or liabilities may be transferred within fair value hierarchy levels
due to changes in availability of observable market inputs to measure fair value at the measurement date.  
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Where available, we use quoted market prices to determine fair value. If quoted market
prices are not available, fair value is determined, using either internally developed or independent third party valuation models, based on inputs that are either directly observable or derived from market data. These inputs include, but are not
limited to, interest rate yield curves, option volatilities, or option adjusted spreads. Where neither quoted market prices nor observable market data are available, fair value is determined using valuation models that feature one or more
significant unobservable inputs based on management’s expectation that market participants would use in determining the fair value of the asset or liability. The determination of appropriate unobservable inputs requires exercise of management
judgment. A significant portion of our assets and liabilities that are reported at fair value are measured based on quoted market prices and observable market or independent inputs.    The following is a description of the significant estimates used in the valuation of financial assets and liabilities for which quoted market prices and observable market parameters are not available.
   Mortgage-backed and Asset-backed securities    Our Alt-A, private label CMO and pooled-trust-preferred securities portfolios are classified as Level 3 and as such use significant estimates to determine the fair value of these securities which results
in greater subjectivity. The Alt-A and private label CMO securities portfolios are subjected to a monthly review of the projected cash flows, while the cash flows of our pooled-trust-preferred securities portfolio are reviewed quarterly. These
reviews are supported with analysis from independent third parties, and are used as a basis for impairment analysis.    Alt-A
mortgage-backed and private-label CMO securities are collateralized by first-lien residential mortgage loans. The securities valuation methodology incorporates values obtained from a third party pricing specialist using a discounted cash flow
approach and a proprietary pricing model and includes assumptions management believes market participants would use to value the securities under current market conditions. The model uses inputs such as estimated prepayment speeds, losses,
recoveries, default rates that are implied by the underlying performance of collateral in the structure or similar structures, house price depreciation / appreciation rates that are based upon macroeconomic forecasts and discount rates that are
implied by market prices for similar securities with similar collateral structures.    Pooled-trust-preferred securities are
CDOs backed by a pool of debt securities issued by financial institutions. The collateral generally consists of trust-preferred securities and subordinated debt securities issued by banks, bank holding companies, and insurance companies. A full cash
flow analysis is used to estimate fair values and assess impairment for each security within this portfolio. We engage a third party pricing specialist with direct industry experience in pooled-trust-preferred securities valuations to provide
assistance in estimating the fair value and expected cash flows for each security in this portfolio. The PD of each issuer and the market discount rate are the most significant inputs in determining fair value. Management evaluates the PD
assumptions provided by the third party pricing specialist by comparing the current PD to the assumptions used the previous quarter, actual defaults and deferrals in the current period, and trend data on certain financial ratios of the issuers.
Huntington also evaluates the assumptions related to discount rates. Relying on cash flows is necessary because there was a lack of observable transactions in the market and many of the original sponsors or dealers for these securities are no
longer able to provide a fair value that is compliant with ASC 820.    Derivatives used for hedging purposes  
 Derivatives designated as qualified hedges are tested for hedge effectiveness on a quarterly basis. Assessments are made at the inception
of the hedge and on a recurring basis to determine whether the derivative used in the hedging transaction has been and is expected to continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. A
statistical regression analysis is performed to measure the effectiveness.    If, based on the assessment, a derivative is not
expected to be a highly effective hedge or it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued as of the quarter the hedge is not highly effective. As the statistical regression analysis requires the use of estimates
regarding the amount and timing of future cash flows which are sensitive to significant changes in future periods based on changes in market rates, we consider this a critical accounting estimate.  
 Loans held for sale    Huntington has elected to apply the fair value option to certain residential mortgage loans that are classified as held for sale at origination. The fair value is estimated based on security prices for
similar product types.    Certain consumer and commercial loans are classified as held for sale and are accounted for at the
lower of amortized cost or fair value. The determination of fair value for these consumer loans is based on security prices for similar product types or discounted expected cash flows, which takes into consideration factors such as future interest
rates, prepayment speeds, default and loss curves, and market discount rates. The determination of fair value for commercial loans takes into account factors such as the location and appraised value of the related collateral, as well as the
estimated cash flows from realization of the collateral.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Mortgage Servicing Rights  
 Retained rights to service mortgage loans are recognized as a separate and distinct asset at the time the loans are sold. Mortgage
servicing rights (“MSRs”) are initially recorded at fair value at the time the related loans are sold and subsequently re-measured at each reporting date under either the fair value or amortization method. Any increase or decrease in fair
value of MSRs accounted for under the fair value method, as well as any amortization and/or impairment of MSRs recorded under the amortization method, is reflected in earnings in the period that the changes occur. MSRs are subject to interest rate
risk in that their fair value will fluctuate as a result of changes in the interest rate environment. Fair value is determined based upon the application of an income approach valuation model. The valuation model, maintained by an independent third
party, incorporates assumptions in estimating future cash flows. These assumptions include time decay, payoffs, and changes in valuation inputs and assumptions. The reasonableness of these pricing models is validated on a minimum of a quarterly
basis by at least one independent external service broker valuation. Because the fair values of MSRs are significantly impacted by the use of estimates, the use of different assumption estimates can result in different estimated fair values of those
MSRs.    Pension Valuation    Pension plan assets consist of mutual funds, corporate bonds, US government bonds, our common stock, and other investment assets. Investments are accounted for at cost on the trade date and are reported
at fair value. Mutual funds are valued at quoted Net Asset Value. Our common stock is traded on a national securities exchange and is valued at the last reported sales price.    The discount rate and expected return on plan assets used to determine the benefit obligation and pension expense are both significant assumptions. Actual results may be materially different.  (See Note
18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements).     Contingent Liabilities  
 We are parties to various claims, litigation, and legal proceedings resulting from ordinary business activities relating to our current
and/or former operations. We estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required in
making these estimates and our final liabilities may ultimately be more or less than the current estimate. Our total estimated liability in respect of litigation and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an
estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case or proceeding, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases or proceedings, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. Litigation
exposure represents a key area of judgment and is subject to uncertainty and certain factors outside of our control.  
 Income Taxes    The calculation of our provision for income taxes is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgments. We have two accruals for income taxes: (1) our income tax payable represents the
estimated net amount currently due to the federal, state, and local taxing jurisdictions, net of any reserve for potential audit issues and any tax refunds, and the net receivable balance is reported as a component of accrued income and other assets
in our consolidated balance sheet; (2) our deferred federal and state income tax and related valuation accounts, reported as a component of accrued income and other assets, represents the estimated impact of temporary differences between how we
recognize our assets and liabilities under GAAP, and how such assets and liabilities are recognized under federal and state tax law.    In the ordinary course of business, we operate in various taxing jurisdictions and are subject to income and non-income taxes. The effective tax rate is based in part on our interpretation of the relevant
current tax laws. We believe the aggregate liabilities related to taxes are appropriately reflected in the consolidated financial statements. We review the appropriate tax treatment of all transactions taking into consideration statutory, judicial,
and regulatory guidance in the context of our tax positions. In addition, we rely on various tax opinions, recent tax audits, and historical experience.    From time-to-time, we engage in business transactions that may affect our tax liabilities. Where appropriate, we have obtained opinions of outside experts and have assessed the relative merits and risks
of the appropriate tax treatment of business transactions taking into account statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of the tax position. However, changes to our estimates of accrued taxes can occur due to changes in tax rates,
implementation of new business strategies, resolution of issues with taxing authorities regarding previously taken tax positions, and newly enacted statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance. Such changes could affect the amount of our accrued
taxes and could be material to our financial position and / or results of operations.  (See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)   
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Deferred Tax Assets    At December 31, 2013, we had a net federal deferred tax asset of $97.9 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $39.7 million. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more-likely-than-not
that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. All available evidence, both positive and negative, was considered to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, impairment should be recognized. Our forecast process
includes judgmental and quantitative elements that may be subject to significant change. If our forecast of taxable income within the carryforward periods available under applicable law is not sufficient to cover the amount of net deferred tax
assets, such assets may be impaired. Based on our analysis of both positive and negative evidence and our ability to offset the net deferred tax assets against our forecasted future taxable income, there was no impairment of the net deferred tax
assets at December 31, 2013, for regulatory capital purposes.    Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Developments  
 Note 2 to Consolidated Financial Statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2013 and the expected impact of
accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. To the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affect financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the
applicable section of this MD&A and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
   Information required by this item is set forth under the heading of “Market Risk” in Item 7 (MD&A),
which is incorporated by reference into this item.    Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
   Information required by this item is set forth in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes, and Selected Quarterly Income Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item.  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF MANAGEMENT    The Management of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (Huntington or the Company) is responsible for the financial information and representations contained in the Consolidated Financial Statements and
other sections of this report. The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. In all material respects, they reflect the substance of transactions that
should be included based on informed judgments, estimates, and currently available information. Management maintains a system of internal accounting controls, which includes the careful selection and training of qualified personnel, appropriate
segregation of responsibilities, communication of written policies and procedures, and a broad program of internal audits. The costs of the controls are balanced against the expected benefits. During 2013, the audit committee of the board of
directors met regularly with Management, Huntington’s internal auditors, and the independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, to review the scope of the audits and to discuss the evaluation of internal
accounting controls and financial reporting matters. The independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors have free access to, and meet confidentially with, the audit committee to discuss appropriate matters. Also, Huntington
maintains a disclosure review committee. This committee’s purpose is to design and maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the financial and operating condition of Huntington is properly
reported to its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, internal auditors, and the audit committee of the board of directors in connection with the preparation and filing of periodic reports and the certification of those reports by the
chief executive officer and the chief financial officer.    REPORT OF MANAGEMENT’S ASSESSMENT OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING     Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the
Company, including accounting and other internal control systems that, in the opinion of Management, provide reasonable assurance that (1) transactions are properly authorized, (2) the assets are properly safeguarded, and
(3) transactions are properly recorded and reported to permit the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Huntington’s Management assessed the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013. In making this assessment, Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework   (1992) . Based on that assessment, Management believes that, as of December 31, 2013, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective
based on those criteria. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report
appearing on the next page.         


 
    Stephen D. Steinour – Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer  
     


 
    David S. Anderson – Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer  
 February 14, 2014  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of  
 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated    Columbus,
Ohio    We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated and subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework  (1992)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The
Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of
Management’s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in
the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors,
management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial
reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.    In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2013, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework  (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial
statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 of the Company and our report dated February 14, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.  
     


 
    Columbus, Ohio  
 February 14, 2014  
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of  
 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated    Columbus,
Ohio    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated and subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Huntington Bancshares
Incorporated and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.    We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework   (1992 )  issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 14, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.  
     


 
    Columbus, Ohio  
 February 14, 2014  
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except number of shares) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and due from banks 
    
 $ 
 1,001,132 
   
   
 $ 
 1,262,806 
   
 
   Interest-bearing deposits in banks 
    
   
 57,043 
   
   
   
 70,921 
   
 
   Trading account securities 
    
   
 35,573 
   
   
   
 91,205 
   
 
   Loans held for sale 
    
   
 326,212 
   
   
   
 764,309 
   
 
   (includes $278,928 and $452,949 respectively, measured at fair value) (1) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale and other securities 
    
   
 7,308,753 
   
   
   
 7,566,175 
   
 
   Held-to-maturity securities 
    
   
 3,836,667 
   
   
   
 1,743,876 
   
 
   Loans and leases (includes $52,286 and $142,762 respectively, measured at fair value): (2) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial loans and leases 
    
   
 17,594,276 
   
   
   
 16,970,689 
   
 
   Commercial real estate loans 
    
   
 4,850,094 
   
   
   
 5,399,240 
   
 
   Automobile loans and leases 
    
   
 6,638,713 
   
   
   
 4,633,820 
   
 
   Home equity loans 
    
   
 8,336,318 
   
   
   
 8,335,342 
   
 
   Residential mortgage loans 
    
   
 5,321,088 
   
   
   
 4,969,672 
   
 
   Other consumer loans 
    
   
 380,011 
   
   
   
 419,662 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Loans and leases 
    
   
 43,120,500 
   
   
   
 40,728,425 
   
 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 (647,870 
 )  
   
   
 (769,075 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net loans and leases 
    
   
 42,472,630 
   
   
   
 39,959,350 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Bank owned life insurance 
    
   
 1,647,170 
   
   
   
 1,596,056 
   
 
   Premises and equipment 
    
   
 634,657 
   
   
   
 617,257 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 444,268 
   
   
   
 444,268 
   
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 93,193 
   
   
   
 132,157 
   
 
   Accrued income and other assets 
    
   
 1,619,046 
   
   
   
 1,904,805 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 59,476,344 
   
   
 $ 
 56,153,185 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deposits in domestic offices 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Demand deposits—noninterest-bearing 
    
 $ 
 13,650,468 
   
   
 $ 
 12,599,636 
   
 
   Interest-bearing 
    
   
 33,540,545 
   
   
   
 33,375,016 
   
 
   Deposits in foreign offices 
    
   
 315,705 
   
   
   
 278,031 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 47,506,718 
   
   
   
 46,252,683 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 552,143 
   
   
   
 589,814 
   
 
   Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 1,808,293 
   
   
   
 1,008,959 
   
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
   
 1,349,119 
   
   
   
 158,784 
   
 
   Subordinated notes 
    
   
 1,100,860 
   
   
   
 1,197,091 
   
 
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
    
   
 1,059,888 
   
   
   
 1,155,643 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 53,377,021 
   
   
   
 50,362,974 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Shareholders’ equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock—authorized 6,617,808 shares; 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Series A, 8.50% fixed rate, non-cumulative perpetual convertible preferred stock, par value of $0.01, and liquidation value per
share of $1,000 
    
   
 362,507 
   
   
   
 362,507 
   
 
   Series B, floating rate, non-voting, non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value of $0.01, and liquidation value per
share of $1,000 
    
   
 23,785 
   
   
   
 23,785 
   
 
   Common stock 
    
   
 8,322 
   
   
   
 8,441 
   
 
   Capital surplus 
    
   
 7,398,515 
   
   
   
 7,475,149 
   
 
   Less treasury shares, at cost 
    
   
 (9,643 
 )  
   
   
 (10,921 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (214,009 
 )  
   
   
 (150,817 
 )  
 
   Retained (deficit) earnings 
    
   
 (1,470,154 
 )  
   
   
 (1,917,933 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 6,099,323 
   
   
   
 5,790,211 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 59,476,344 
   
   
 $ 
 56,153,185 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common shares authorized (par value of $0.01) 
    
   
 1,500,000,000 
   
   
   
 1,500,000,000 
   
 
   Common shares issued 
    
   
 832,217,098 
   
   
   
 844,105,349 
   
 
   Common shares outstanding 
    
   
 830,963,427 
   
   
   
 842,812,709 
   
 
   Treasury shares outstanding 
    
   
 1,253,671 
   
   
   
 1,292,640 
   
 
   Preferred shares issued 
    
   
 1,967,071 
   
   
   
 1,967,071 
   
 
   Preferred shares outstanding 
    
   
 398,007 
   
   
   
 398,007 
   
     
 
 
 (1)  
 
   Amounts represent loans for which Huntington has elected the fair value option. See Note 19.   
 
 
 (2)  
 
   Amounts represent certain assets of a consolidated VIE for which Huntington has elected the fair value option. See Note 21. 
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated    
  Consolidated Statements of Income  

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Interest and fee income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 1,629,939 
   
   
 $ 
 1,675,295 
   
   
 $ 
 1,727,784 
   
 
   Available-for-sale and other securities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Taxable 
    
   
 148,557 
   
   
   
 184,340 
   
   
   
 207,984 
   
 
   Tax-exempt 
    
   
 12,678 
   
   
   
 8,999 
   
   
   
 9,785 
   
 
   Held-to-maturity securities 
    
   
 50,214 
   
   
   
 24,088 
   
   
   
 11,213 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 19,249 
   
   
   
 37,541 
   
   
   
 13,460 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total interest income 
    
   
 1,860,637 
   
   
   
 1,930,263 
   
   
   
 1,970,226 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 116,241 
   
   
   
 162,167 
   
   
   
 260,052 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 700 
   
   
   
 2,048 
   
   
   
 3,500 
   
 
   Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 1,077 
   
   
   
 819 
   
   
   
 824 
   
 
   Subordinated notes and other long-term debt 
    
   
 38,011 
   
   
   
 54,705 
   
   
   
 76,680 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total interest expense 
    
   
 156,029 
   
   
   
 219,739 
   
   
   
 341,056 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
   
 1,704,608 
   
   
   
 1,710,524 
   
   
   
 1,629,170 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 90,045 
   
   
   
 147,388 
   
   
   
 174,059 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
    
   
 1,614,563 
   
   
   
 1,563,136 
   
   
   
 1,455,111 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Service charges on deposit accounts 
    
   
 271,802 
   
   
   
 262,179 
   
   
   
 243,507 
   
 
   Mortgage banking income 
    
   
 126,855 
   
   
   
 191,092 
   
   
   
 83,408 
   
 
   Trust services 
    
   
 123,007 
   
   
   
 121,897 
   
   
   
 119,382 
   
 
   Electronic banking 
    
   
 92,591 
   
   
   
 82,290 
   
   
   
 111,697 
   
 
   Insurance income 
    
   
 69,264 
   
   
   
 71,319 
   
   
   
 69,470 
   
 
   Brokerage income 
    
   
 69,189 
   
   
   
 72,226 
   
   
   
 80,367 
   
 
   Bank owned life insurance income 
    
   
 56,419 
   
   
   
 56,042 
   
   
   
 62,336 
   
 
   Capital markets fees 
    
   
 45,220 
   
   
   
 48,160 
   
   
   
 36,540 
   
 
   Gain on sale of loans 
    
   
 18,171 
   
   
   
 58,182 
   
   
   
 31,944 
   
 
   Net gains on sales of securities 
    
   
 2,220 
   
   
   
 6,388 
   
   
   
 3,682 
   
 
   Impairment losses recognized in earnings on available-for-sale securities (a) 
    
   
 (1,802 
 )  
   
   
 (1,619 
 )  
   
   
 (7,363 
 )  
 
   Other income 
    
   
 125,059 
   
   
   
 129,701 
   
   
   
 145,653 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest income 
    
   
 997,995 
   
   
   
 1,097,857 
   
   
   
 980,623 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Personnel costs 
    
   
 1,001,637 
   
   
   
 988,193 
   
   
   
 892,534 
   
 
   Outside data processing and other services 
    
   
 199,547 
   
   
   
 190,255 
   
   
   
 189,174 
   
 
   Net occupancy 
    
   
 125,344 
   
   
   
 111,160 
   
   
   
 109,129 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 106,793 
   
   
   
 102,947 
   
   
   
 92,544 
   
 
   Marketing 
    
   
 51,185 
   
   
   
 64,263 
   
   
   
 65,560 
   
 
   Deposit and other insurance expense 
    
   
 50,161 
   
   
   
 68,330 
   
   
   
 77,692 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 41,364 
   
   
   
 46,549 
   
   
   
 53,318 
   
 
   Professional services 
    
   
 40,587 
   
   
   
 65,758 
   
   
   
 68,616 
   
 
   Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (798 
 )  
   
   
 (9,697 
 )  
 
   Other expense 
    
   
 141,385 
   
   
   
 199,219 
   
   
   
 189,630 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noninterest expense 
    
   
 1,758,003 
   
   
   
 1,835,876 
   
   
   
 1,728,500 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 854,555 
   
   
   
 825,117 
   
   
   
 707,234 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 215,814 
   
   
   
 184,095 
   
   
   
 164,621 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 638,741 
   
   
   
 641,022 
   
   
   
 542,613 
   
 
   Dividends on preferred shares 
    
   
 31,869 
   
   
   
 31,989 
   
   
   
 30,813 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income applicable to common shares 
    
 $ 
 606,872 
   
   
 $ 
 609,033 
   
   
 $ 
 511,800 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Average common shares—basic 
    
   
 834,205 
   
   
   
 857,962 
   
   
   
 863,691 
   
 
   Average common shares—diluted 
    
   
 843,974 
   
   
   
 863,402 
   
   
   
 867,624 
   
 
   Per common share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income—basic 
    
 $ 
 0.73 
   
   
 $ 
 0.71 
   
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 
   Net income—diluted 
    
   
 0.72 
   
   
   
 0.71 
   
   
   
 0.59 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
   
 0.19 
   
   
   
 0.16 
   
   
   
 0.10 
   
 
     
 (a)    The following OTTI losses are included in securities losses for the periods
presented: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total OTTI losses 
    
 $ 
 (1,870 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,886 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (8,791 
 )  
 
   Noncredit-related portion of loss recognized in OCI 
    
   
 68 
   
   
   
 267 
   
   
   
 1,428 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net impairment credit losses recognized in earnings 
    
 $ 
 (1,802 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,619 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (7,363 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
   
 $ 
 542,613 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains on available-for-sale and other securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Non-credit-related impairment recoveries (losses) on debt securities not expected to be sold 
    
   
 153 
   
   
   
 12,490 
   
   
   
 7,499 
   
 
   Unrealized net gains (losses) on available-for-sale and other securities arising during the period, net of reclassification for
net realized gains 
    
   
 (77,593 
 )  
   
   
 55,305 
   
   
   
 64,921 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total unrealized gains on available-for-sale and other securities 
    
   
 (77,440 
 )  
   
   
 67,795 
   
   
   
 72,420 
   
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedging derivatives 
    
   
 (65,928 
 )  
   
   
 6,186 
   
   
   
 5,188 
   
 
   Change in accumulated unrealized losses for pension and other post-retirement obligations 
    
   
 80,176 
   
   
   
 (51,035 
 )  
   
   
 (53,875 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
    
   
 (63,192 
 )  
   
   
 22,946 
   
   
   
 23,733 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 575,549 
   
   
 $ 
 663,968 
   
   
 $ 
 566,346 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated    
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Preferred Stock 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Series A 
   
   
 Series B 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
 (Deficit) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (all amounts in thousands, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Floating Rate 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Capital Surplus 
 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
   
   
 
   except for per share amounts) 
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
   
 363 
   
   
 $ 
 362,507 
   
   
   
 35 
   
   
 $ 
 23,785 
   
   
   
 844,105 
   
   
 $ 
 8,441 
   
   
 $ 
 7,475,149 
    
   
   
 (1,292 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (10,921 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (150,817 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,917,933 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5,790,211 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 638,741 
   
   
   
 638,741 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (63,192 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (63,192 
 )  
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (16,708 
 )  
   
   
 (167 
 )  
   
   
 (124,828 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (124,995 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends declared: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common ($0.19 per share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (158,194 
 )  
   
   
 (158,194 
 )  
 
   Preferred Series A ($85.00 per share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (30,813 
 )  
   
   
 (30,813 
 )  
 
   Preferred Series B ($33.14 per share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,055 
 )  
   
   
 (1,055 
 )  
 
   Recognition of the fair value of  share-based  compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 37,007 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 37,007 
   
 
   Other share-based compensation activity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,820 
   
   
   
 48 
   
   
   
 12,812 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (873 
 )  
   
   
 11,987 
   
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,625 
 )  
   
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 1,278 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (374 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
   
   
 363 
   
   
 $ 
 362,507 
   
   
   
 35 
   
   
 $ 
 23,785 
   
   
   
 832,217 
   
   
 $ 
 8,322 
   
   
 $ 
 7,398,515 
    
   
   
 (1,331 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9,643 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (214,009 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,470,154 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,099,323 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Preferred Stock 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Series A 
   
   
 Series B 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Retained Earnings (Deficit) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (all amounts in thousands, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Floating Rate 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Capital Surplus 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
   
   
 
   except for per share amounts) 
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
   
 363 
   
   
 $ 
 362,507 
   
   
   
 35 
   
   
 $ 
 23,785 
   
   
   
 865,585 
   
   
 $ 
 8,656 
   
   
 $ 
 7,596,809 
    
   
   
 (1,178 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (10,255 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (173,763 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,389,639 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5,418,100 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 641,022 
   
   
   
 641,022 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 22,946 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 22,946 
   
 
   Repurchase of common stock 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (23,328 
 )  
   
   
 (233 
 )  
   
   
 (148,648 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (148,881 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends declared: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common ($0.16 per share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (136,887 
 )  
   
   
 (136,887 
 )  
 
   Preferred Series A ($85.00 per share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (30,813 
 )  
   
   
 (30,813 
 )  
 
   Preferred Series B ($33.14 per share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,176 
 )  
   
   
 (1,176 
 )  
 
   Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 27,873 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 27,873 
   
 
   Other share-based compensation activity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,848 
   
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
 (795 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (348 
 )  
   
   
 (1,125 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (90 
 )  
   
   
 (114 
 )  
   
   
 (666 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 (848 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
   
   
 363 
   
   
 $ 
 362,507 
   
   
   
 35 
   
   
 $ 
 23,785 
   
   
   
 844,105 
   
   
 $ 
 8,441 
   
   
 $ 
 7,475,149 
    
   
   
 (1,292 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (10,921 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (150,817 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,917,933 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5,790,211 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Preferred Stock 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Series A 
   
   
 Series B 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
 (Deficit) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   (all amounts in thousands,    except for per share amounts) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Floating Rate 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Capital Surplus 
 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
   
   
 
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2011   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
   
 363 
   
   
 $ 
 362,507 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
   
 864,195 
   
   
 $ 
 8,642 
   
   
 $ 
 7,630,093 
    
   
   
 (876 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (8,771 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (197,496 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,814,433 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,980,542 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 542,613 
   
   
   
 542,613 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 23,733 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 23,733 
   
 
   Issuance of preferred stock 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 35 
   
   
   
 23,785 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,759 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 22,026 
   
 
   Repurchase of warrants convertible to common stock 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (49,100 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (49,100 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends declared: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common ($0.10 per share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (86,448 
 )  
   
   
 (86,448 
 )  
 
   Preferred Series A ($85.00 per share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (30,813 
 )  
   
   
 (30,813 
 )  
 
   Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 19,666 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 19,666 
   
 
   Other share-based compensation activity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,390 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 (1,605 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (343 
 )  
   
   
 (1,934 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (486 
 )  
   
   
 (302 
 )  
   
   
 (1,484 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (215 
 )  
   
   
 (2,185 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
   
   
 363 
   
   
 $ 
 362,507 
   
   
   
 35 
   
   
 $ 
 23,785 
   
   
   
 865,585 
   
   
 $ 
 8,656 
   
   
 $ 
 7,596,809 
    
   
   
 (1,178 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (10,255 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (173,763 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,389,639 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5,418,100 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
   
 $ 
 542,613 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 90,045 
   
   
   
 147,388 
   
   
   
 174,059 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 281,545 
   
   
   
 274,572 
   
   
   
 282,105 
    
 
   Share-based compensation expense 
    
   
 37,007 
   
   
   
 27,873 
   
   
   
 19,666 
    
 
   Change in deferred income taxes 
    
   
 97,440 
   
   
   
 153,123 
   
   
   
 159,193 
    
 
   Originations of loans held for sale 
    
   
 (2,845,275 
 )  
   
   
 (3,814,572 
 )  
   
   
 (2,414,172 
 )  
 
   Principal payments on and proceeds from loans held for sale 
    
   
 3,017,430 
   
   
   
 3,731,465 
   
   
   
 2,820,797 
    
 
   Gain on sale of loans held for sale 
    
   
 (44,787 
 )  
   
   
 (60,251 
 )  
   
   
 (15,870 
 )  
 
   Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (798 
 )  
   
   
 (9,697 
 )  
 
   Bargain purchase gain 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (11,217 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net gains on sales of securities 
    
   
 (2,220 
 )  
   
   
 (6,388 
 )  
   
   
 (3,682 
 )  
 
   Impairment losses recognized in earnings on available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 1,802 
   
   
   
 1,619 
   
   
   
 7,363 
    
 
   Net Change in: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Trading account securities 
    
   
 55,632 
   
   
   
 (45,306 
 )  
   
   
 139,505 
    
 
   Accrued income and other assets 
    
   
 21,623 
    
   
   
 455,411 
   
   
   
 (62,230 
 )  
 
   Accrued expense and other liabilities 
    
   
 (335,738 
 )  
   
   
 (491,811 
 )  
   
   
 (44,863 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 
    
   
 1,013,245 
    
   
   
 1,002,130 
   
   
   
 1,594,787 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Decrease (increase) in interest-bearing deposits in banks 
    
   
 146,584 
   
   
   
 70,980 
   
   
   
 50,093 
    
 
   Net cash received in acquisitions 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 40,258 
   
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Proceeds from: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Maturities and calls of available-for-sale and other securities 
    
   
 1,414,114 
   
   
   
 1,776,594 
   
   
   
 2,489,049 
    
 
   Maturities of held-to-maturity securities 
    
   
 278,136 
   
   
   
 113,576 
   
   
   
 31,163 
    
 
   Sales of available-for-sale and other securities 
    
   
 410,106 
   
   
   
 957,930 
   
   
   
 3,205,884 
    
 
   Purchases of available-for-sale and other securities 
    
   
 (1,416,795 
 )  
   
   
 (2,384,824 
 )  
   
   
 (4,283,866 
 )  
 
   Purchases of held-to-maturity securities 
    
   
 (2,081,373 
 )  
   
   
 (941,119 
 )  
   
   
 (204,082 
 )  
 
   Net proceeds from sales of loans 
    
   
 459,006 
    
   
   
 3,092,643 
   
   
   
 1,640,237 
    
 
   Net loan and lease activity, excluding sales 
    
   
 (3,386,753 
 )  
   
   
 (3,287,000 
 )  
   
   
 (4,148,424 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of operating lease assets 
    
   
 10,227 
   
   
   
 30,322 
   
   
   
 62,744 
    
 
   Purchases of premises and equipment 
    
   
 (102,208 
 )  
   
   
 (129,641 
 )  
   
   
 (143,763 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sales of other real estate 
    
   
 40,448 
   
   
   
 56,762 
   
   
   
 55,817 
    
 
   Purchases of loans and leases 
    
   
 (16,170 
 )  
   
   
 (484,157 
 )  
   
   
 (59,885 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 4,345 
   
   
   
 4,698 
   
   
   
 327 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
    
   
 (4,240,333 
 )  
   
   
 (1,082,978 
 )  
   
   
 (1,304,706 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Financing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase (decrease) in deposits 
    
   
 1,258,038 
   
   
   
 2,262,213 
   
   
   
 1,420,944 
    
 
   Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings 
    
   
 55,279 
   
   
   
 (939,979 
 )  
   
   
 (580,335 
 )  
 
   Maturity/redemption of subordinated notes 
    
   
 (50,000 
 )  
   
   
 (305,010 
 )  
   
   
 (5,000 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 4,400,000 
   
   
   
 2,515,000 
   
   
   
 550,000 
    
 
   Maturity/redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 (3,600,721 
 )  
   
   
 (1,914,281 
 )  
   
   
 (359,732 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 1,250,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Maturity/redemption of long-term debt 
    
   
 (52,086 
 )  
   
   
 (1,070,804 
 )  
   
   
 (902,652 
 )  
 
   Repurchase of Warrant to the Treasury 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (49,100 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid on preferred stock 
    
   
 (31,869 
 )  
   
   
 (31,719 
 )  
   
   
 (30,813 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid on common stock 
    
   
 (150,608 
 )  
   
   
 (137,616 
 )  
   
   
 (61,591 
 )  
 
   Repurchase of common stock 
    
   
 (124,995 
 )  
   
   
 (148,881 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Cost to issue preferred stock 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,759 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 12,376 
   
   
   
 (1,237 
 )  
   
   
 (1,963 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 
    
   
 2,965,414 
   
   
   
 227,686 
   
   
   
 (22,001 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (261,674 
 )  
   
   
 146,838 
   
   
   
 268,080 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
    
   
 1,262,806 
   
   
   
 1,115,968 
   
   
   
 847,888 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
    
 $ 
 1,001,132 
   
   
 $ 
 1,262,806 
   
   
 $ 
 1,115,968 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental disclosures: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest paid 
    
 $ 
  155,832 
   
   
 $ 
  231,897 
   
   
 $ 
  357,212 
    
 
   Income taxes paid (refunded) 
    
   
 109,432 
   
   
   
 6,389 
   
   
   
 80,065 
    
 
   Non-cash activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans transferred to available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 600,435 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Loans transferred to portfolio from held-for-sale 
    
   
 307,303 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Transfer of securities to held-to-maturity from available-for-sale 
    
   
 292,164 
   
   
   
 278,748 
   
   
   
 469,070 
    
 
   Loans transferred to held-for-sale from portfolio 
    
   
 50,360 
   
   
   
 306,261 
   
   
   
 1,268,132 
    
 
   Dividends accrued, paid in subsequent quarter 
    
   
 47,898 
    
   
   
 47,312 
   
   
   
 40,771 
    
 
   Trust Preferred Securities exchange 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 35,500 
    
     
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
  1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
  Nature of Operations   —  Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (Huntington or the Company) is a
multi-state diversified regional bank holding company organized under Maryland law in 1966 and headquartered in Columbus, Ohio. Through its subsidiaries, including its bank subsidiary, The Huntington National Bank (the Bank), Huntington is engaged
in providing full-service commercial, small business, consumer banking services, mortgage banking services, automobile financing, equipment leasing, investment management, trust services, brokerage services, customized insurance programs, and other
financial products and services. Huntington’s banking offices are located in Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Indiana, West Virginia, and Kentucky. Select financial services and other activities are also conducted in various other states.
International banking services are available through the headquarters office in Columbus, Ohio and a limited purpose office located in the Cayman Islands and another in Hong Kong.  
 Basis of Presentation —  The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Huntington and its majority-owned
subsidiaries and are presented in accordance with GAAP. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Companies in which Huntington holds more than a 50% voting equity interest, or a controlling financial
interest, or are a VIE in which Huntington has the power to direct the activities of an entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and has an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE
which could potentially be significant to the VIE are consolidated. VIEs are legal entities with insubstantial equity, whose equity investors lack the ability to make decisions about the entity’s activities, or whose equity investors do not
have the right to receive the residual returns of the entity if they occur. VIEs in which Huntington does not hold the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance or does not
have an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE which could potentially be significant to the VIE are not consolidated. For consolidated entities where Huntington holds less than a 100% interest, Huntington
recognizes noncontrolling interest (included in shareholders’ equity) for the equity held by others and noncontrolling profit or loss (included in noninterest expense) for the portion of the entity’s earnings attributable to other’s
interests. Investments in companies that are not consolidated are accounted for using the equity method when Huntington has the ability to exert significant influence. Those investments in nonmarketable securities for which Huntington does not have
the ability to exert significant influence are generally accounted for using the cost method. Investments in private investment partnerships that are accounted for under the equity method or the cost method are included in accrued income and other
assets and Huntington’s proportional interest in the equity investments’ earnings are included in other noninterest income. Investment interests accounted for under the cost and equity methods are periodically evaluated for impairment.
   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that
significantly affect amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Huntington utilizes processes that involve the use of significant estimates and the judgments of Management in determining the amount of its allowance for credit losses,
income taxes deferred tax assets, and contingent liabilities, as well as fair value measurements of investment securities, derivatives, goodwill, pension assets and liabilities, mortgage servicing rights, and loans held for sale. As with any
estimate, actual results could differ from those estimates.    Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to
the current year’s presentation.    Resale and Repurchase Agreements —  Securities purchased under agreements to
resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are treated as collateralized financing transactions and are recorded at the amounts at which the securities were acquired or sold plus accrued interest. The fair value of collateral either
received from or provided to a third party is continually monitored and additional collateral is obtained or requested to be returned to Huntington in accordance with the agreement.  
 Securities —  Securities purchased with the intention of recognizing short-term profits or which are actively bought and sold
are classified as trading account securities and reported at fair value. The unrealized gains or losses on trading account securities are recorded in other noninterest income, except for gains and losses on trading account securities used to hedge
the fair value of MSRs, which are included in mortgage banking income. Debt securities purchased in which Huntington has the positive intent and ability to hold to its maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities. Held-to-maturity
securities are recorded at amortized cost. All other debt and equity securities are classified as available-for-sale and other securities. Unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale and other securities are reported as a separate
component of accumulated OCI in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity. Credit-related declines in the value of debt and marketable equity securities that are considered other-than-temporary are recorded in noninterest
income.    Huntington evaluates its investment securities portfolio on a quarterly basis for indicators of OTTI. Huntington
assesses whether OTTI has occurred when the fair value of a debt security is less than the amortized cost basis at the balance sheet date. Management reviews the amount of unrealized loss, the length of time the security has been in an
unrealized loss position, the credit rating history, market trends of similar security classes, time remaining to maturity, and the source of both interest and principal payments to identify  
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
securities which could potentially be impaired. OTTI is considered to have occurred (1) if Huntington intends to sell the security; (2) if it is more likely than not Huntington
will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis; or (3) the present value of expected cash flows are not sufficient to recover all contractually required principal and interest payments. For securities
that Huntington does not expect to sell, or it is not more likely than not to be required to sell, the OTTI is separated into credit and noncredit components. A discounted cash flow analysis, which includes evaluating the timing of the expected
cash flows, is completed for all debt securities subject to credit impairment. The measurement of the credit loss component is equal to the difference between the debt security’s cost basis and the present value of its expected future cash
flows discounted at the security’s effective yield. The credit-related OTTI, represented by the expected loss in principal, is recognized in noninterest income. The remaining difference between the security’s fair value and the
present value of future expected cash flows is due to factors that are not credit-related and, therefore, are recognized in OCI. Huntington believes that it will fully collect the carrying value of securities on which noncredit-related OTTI has
been recognized in OCI. Noncredit-related OTTI results from other factors, including increased liquidity spreads and extension of the security. For securities which Huntington does expect to sell, or if it is more likely than not Huntington
will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, all OTTI is recognized in earnings. Presentation of OTTI is made in the Consolidated Statements of Income on a gross basis with a reduction for the amount of OTTI
recognized in OCI. Once an OTTI is recorded, when future cash flows can be reasonably estimated, future cash flows are re-allocated between interest and principal cash flows to provide for a level-yield on the security.  
 Securities transactions are recognized on the trade date (the date the order to buy or sell is executed). The carrying value plus any
related OCI balance of sold securities is used to compute realized gains and losses. Interest and dividends on securities, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts using the effective interest method over the period to maturity,
are included in interest income.    Nonmarketable equity securities include stock acquired for regulatory purposes, such as
Federal Home Loan Bank stock and Federal Reserve Bank stock. These securities are accounted for at cost, evaluated for impairment, and included in available-for-sale and other securities.   
 Loans and Leases —  Loans and direct financing leases for which Huntington has the intent and ability to hold for the
foreseeable future, or until maturity or payoff, are classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as loans and leases. Except for loans which are subject to fair value requirements, loans and leases are carried at the principal amount outstanding,
net of unamortized deferred loan origination fees and costs and net of unearned income. Direct financing leases are reported at the aggregate of lease payments receivable and estimated residual values, net of unearned and deferred income. Interest
income is accrued as earned using the interest method based on unpaid principal balances. Huntington defers the fees it receives from the origination of loans and leases, as well as the direct costs of those activities. Huntington also acquires
loans at a premium and at a discount to their contractual values. Huntington amortizes loan discounts, premiums, and net loan origination fees and costs on a level-yield basis over the estimated lives of the related loans.  
 Troubled debt restructurings are loans for which the original contractual terms have been modified to provide a concession to a borrower
experiencing financial difficulties. Loan modifications are considered TDRs when the concessions provided are not available to the borrower through either normal channels or other sources. However, not all loan modifications are TDRs. Modifications
resulting in troubled debt restructurings may include changes to one or more terms of the loan, including but not limited to, a change in interest rate, an extension of the amortization period, a reduction in payment amount, and partial forgiveness
or deferment of principal or accrued interest.    Residual values on leased equipment are evaluated quarterly for impairment.
Impairment of the residual values of direct financing leases determined to be other than temporary is recognized by writing the leases down to fair value with a charge to other noninterest expense. Residual value losses arise if the expected fair
value at the end of the lease term is less than the residual value recorded at the lease origination, net of estimated amounts reimbursable by the lessee. Future declines in the expected residual value of the leased equipment would result in
expected losses of the leased equipment.    For leased equipment, the residual component of a direct financing lease represents
the estimated fair value of the leased equipment at the end of the lease term. Huntington uses industry data, historical experience, and independent appraisals to establish these residual value estimates. Additional information regarding product
life cycle, product upgrades, as well as insight into competing products are obtained through relationships with industry contacts and are factored into residual value estimates where applicable.  
 Loans Held for Sale —  Loans and loan commitments in which Huntington does not have the intent and ability to hold for the
foreseeable future are classified as loans held for sale. Loans held for sale (excluding loans originated or acquired with the intent to sell, which are carried at fair value) are carried at the lower of cost or fair value less cost to sell. The
fair value option is generally elected for mortgage loans held for sale to facilitate hedging of the loans. Fair value is determined based on collateral value and prevailing market prices for loans with similar characteristics. Nonmortgage loans
held for sale are measured on an aggregate asset basis.  
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Allowance for Credit Losses —  Huntington maintains two reserves, both of which
reflect Management’s judgment regarding the appropriate level necessary to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio: the ALLL and the AULC. Combined, these reserves comprise the total ACL. The determination of the ACL
requires significant estimates, including the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows on impaired loans and leases, consideration of current economic conditions, and historical loss experience pertaining to pools of homogeneous loans and
leases, all of which may be susceptible to change.    The appropriateness of the ACL is based on Management’s current
judgments about the credit quality of the loan portfolio. These judgments consider on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio, including such factors as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial
condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. Further, Management evaluates the impact of changes in interest rates and
overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our ACL at each reporting date. In addition to general economic
conditions and the other factors described above, additional factors also considered include: the impact of increasing or decreasing residential real estate values; the diversification of CRE loans; the development of new or expanded Commercial
business segments such as healthcare, ABL, and energy, and the overall condition of the manufacturing industry. Also, the ACL assessment includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain ACL benchmarks to
current performance. Management’s determinations regarding the appropriateness of the ACL are reviewed and approved by the Company’s board of directors.    The ALLL consists of two components: (1) the transaction reserve, which includes a loan level allocation, specific reserves related to loans considered to be impaired, and loans involved in troubled
debt restructurings, and (2) the general reserve. The transaction reserve component includes both (1) an estimate of loss based on pools of commercial and consumer loans and leases with similar characteristics and (2) an estimate of
loss based on an impairment review of each impaired C&I and CRE loan greater than $1.0 million. For the C&I and CRE portfolios, the estimate of loss based on pools of loans and leases with similar characteristics is made by applying a PD
factor and a LGD factor to each individual loan based on a regularly updated loan grade, using a standardized loan grading system. The PD factor and an LGD factor are determined for each loan grade using statistical models based on historical
performance data. The PD factor considers on-going reviews of the financial performance of the specific borrower, including cash flow, debt-service coverage ratio, earnings power, debt level, and equity position, in conjunction with an assessment of
the borrower’s industry and future prospects. The LGD factor considers analysis of the type of collateral and the relative LTV ratio. These reserve factors are developed based on credit migration models that track historical movements of loans
between loan ratings over time and a combination of long-term average loss experience of our own portfolio and external industry data using a 24-month emergence period.    In the case of more homogeneous portfolios, such as automobile loans, home equity loans, and residential mortgage loans, the determination of the transaction reserve also incorporates PD and LGD factors.
The estimate of loss is based on pools of loans and leases with similar characteristics. The PD factor considers current credit scores unless the account is delinquent, in which case a higher PD factor is used. The credit score provides a basis for
understanding the borrower’s past and current payment performance, and this information is used to estimate expected losses over the 12-month emergence period. The performance of first-lien loans ahead of our junior-lien loans is available to
use as part of our updated score process. The LGD factor considers analysis of the type of collateral and the relative LTV ratio. Credit scores, models, analyses, and other factors used to determine both the PD and LGD factors are updated frequently
to capture the recent behavioral characteristics of the subject portfolios, as well as any changes in loss mitigation or credit origination strategies, and adjustments to the reserve factors are made as required. Models utilized in the ALLL
estimation process are subject to the Company’s model validation policies.    The general reserve consists of the economic
reserve and risk-profile reserve components. The economic reserve component considers the impact of changing market and economic conditions on portfolio performance. The risk-profile component considers items unique to our structure, policies,
processes, and portfolio composition, as well as qualitative measurements and assessments of the loan portfolios including, but not limited to, management quality, concentrations, portfolio composition, industry comparisons, and internal review
functions.    During the year, we made enhancements to our commercial risk rating system used for assessing credit risk when
determining our ACL. The enhancements provide greater granularity in overall corporate risk ratings and incorporate a broader set of financial metrics in the determination of the PD and LGD. The PD and LGD factors combine to represent the
transaction reserve component for a given credit exposure.    The estimate for the AULC is determined using the same procedures
and methodologies as used for the ALLL. The loss factors used in the AULC are the same as the loss factors used in the ALLL while also considering a historical utilization of unused commitments. The AULC is recorded in accrued expenses and other
liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans —  Loans are considered past due
when the contractual amounts due with respect to principal and interest are not received within 30 days of the contractual due date.  
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Any loan in any portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described
below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. When a borrower with debt is discharged in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not reaffirmed by the borrower, the loan is determined to be collateral dependent and placed on nonaccrual status,
unless there is a co-borrower.    All classes within the C&I and CRE portfolios (except for purchased credit-impaired loans)
are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due. First-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. Junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the
related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. Automobile and other consumer loans are generally charged-off when the loan is 120-days past due. Residential mortgage loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due, with the
exception of residential mortgages guaranteed by government agencies which continue to accrue interest at the rate guaranteed by the government agency. We are reimbursed from the government agency for reasonable expenses incurred in servicing loans.
The FHA reimburses us for 66% of expenses, and the VA reimburses us at a maximum percentage of guarantee which is established for each individual loan. We have not experienced either material losses in excess of guarantee caps or significant delays
or rejected claims from the related government entity.    For all classes within all loan portfolios, when a loan is placed on
nonaccrual status, any accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to interest income, and prior year amounts charged-off as a credit loss.    For all classes within all loan portfolios, cash receipts received on NALs are applied against principal until the loan or lease has been collected in full, after which time any additional cash receipts
are recognized as interest income. However, for secured non-reaffirmed debt in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, payments are applied to principal and interest when the borrower has demonstrated a capacity to continue payment of the debt and collection of the
debt is reasonably assured. For unsecured non-reaffirmed debt in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy where the carrying value has been fully charged-off, payments are recorded as loan recoveries.  
 Regarding all classes within the C&I and CRE portfolios, the determination of a borrower’s ability to make the required
principal and interest payments is based on an examination of the borrower’s current financial statements, industry, management capabilities, and other qualitative measures. For all classes within the consumer loan portfolio, the determination
of a borrower’s ability to make the required principal and interest payments is based on multiple factors, including number of days past due and, in some instances, an evaluation of the borrower’s financial condition. When, in
Management’s judgment, the borrower’s ability to make required principal and interest payments resumes and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan is returned to accrual status. For these loans that have been returned to accrual
status, cash receipts are applied according to the contractual terms of the loan.    Charge-off of Uncollectible Loans
—  Any loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. Loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency,
foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency and that asset is the sole source of repayment. Additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in Chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a
charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs.    C&I and CRE loans are either charged-off or
written down to net realizable value at 90-days past due. Automobile loans and other consumer loans are charged-off at 120-days past due. First-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral,
less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. Residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral at 150-days past due.  
 Impaired Loans —  For all classes within the C&I and CRE portfolios, all loans with an outstanding balance of $1.0 million
or greater are evaluated on a quarterly basis for impairment. Generally, consumer loans within any class are not individually evaluated on a regular basis for impairment. All TDRs, regardless of the outstanding balance amount, are also considered to
be impaired. Loans acquired with evidence of deterioration in credit quality since origination for which it is probable at acquisition that all contractually required payments will not be collected are also considered to be impaired.  
 Once a loan has been identified for an assessment of impairment, the loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and
events, it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected. This determination requires significant judgment and use of estimates, and the eventual outcome may differ significantly from
those estimates.    When a loan in any class has been determined to be impaired, the amount of the impairment is measured using
the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or, as a practical expedient, the observable market price of the loan, or the fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, if the
loan is collateral dependent. When the present value of expected future cash flows is used, the effective interest rate is the original contractual interest rate of the loan adjusted for any premium or discount. When the contractual interest rate is
variable, the effective interest rate of the loan changes over time. A specific reserve is established as a component of the ALLL when a loan has been determined to be impaired. Subsequent to the initial measurement of impairment, if there is a
significant change to the impaired loan’s expected future cash flows, or if actual cash flows are significantly different from the cash flows previously estimated, Huntington recalculates the impairment and appropriately adjusts the specific
reserve. Similarly, if Huntington measures impairment based on the observable market price of an impaired loan or the fair value of the collateral of an impaired collateral dependent loan, Huntington will adjust the specific reserve.  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  When a loan within any class is impaired, the accrual of interest income is discontinued
unless the receipt of principal and interest is no longer in doubt. Interest income on TDRs is accrued when all principal and interest is expected to be collected under the post-modification terms. Cash receipts received on nonaccruing impaired
loans within any class are generally applied entirely against principal until the loan has been collected in full, after which time any additional cash receipts are recognized as interest income. Cash receipts received on accruing impaired loans
within any class are applied in the same manner as accruing loans that are not considered impaired.    Purchased
Credit-Impaired Loans —  Purchased loans with evidence of deterioration in credit quality since origination for which it is probable at acquisition that we will be unable to collect all contractually required payments are considered to be
credit impaired. Purchased credit-impaired loans are initially recorded at fair value, which is estimated by discounting the cash flows expected to be collected at the acquisition date. Because the estimate of expected cash flows reflects an
estimate of future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loans, an allowance for credit losses is not recorded at the acquisition date. The excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the estimated fair value, referred to
as the accretable yield, is recognized in interest income over the remaining life of the loan, or pool of loans, on a level-yield basis. The difference between the contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be
collected at acquisition is referred to as the nonaccretable difference. A subsequent decrease in the estimate of cash flows expected to be received on purchased credit-impaired loans generally results in the recognition of an allowance for credit
losses. Subsequent increases in cash flows result in reversal of any nonaccretable difference (or allowance for loan and lease losses to the extent any has been recorded) with a positive impact on interest income subsequently recognized. The
measurement of cash flows involves assumptions and judgments for interest rates, prepayments, default rates, loss severity, and collateral values. All of these factors are inherently subjective and significant changes in the cash flow estimates over
the life of the loan can result.    Transfers of Financial Assets and Securitizations —  Transfers of financial
assets in which we have surrendered control over the transferred assets are accounted for as sales. In assessing whether control has been surrendered, we consider whether the transferee would be a consolidated affiliate, the existence and extent of
any continuing involvement in the transferred financial assets, and the impact of all arrangements or agreements made contemporaneously with, or in contemplation of, the transfer, even if they were not entered into at the time of transfer. Control
is generally considered to have been surrendered when (i) the transferred assets have been legally isolated from us or any of our consolidated affiliates, even in bankruptcy or other receivership, (ii) the transferee (or, if the transferee
is an entity whose sole purpose is to engage in securitization or asset-backed financing that is constrained from pledging or exchanging the assets it receives, each third-party holder of its beneficial interests) has the right to pledge or exchange
the assets (or beneficial interests) it received without any constraints that provide more than a trivial benefit to us, and (iii) neither we nor our consolidated affiliates and agents have (a) both the right and obligation under any
agreement to repurchase or redeem the transferred assets before their maturity, (b) the unilateral ability to cause the holder to return specific financial assets that also provides us with a more-than-trivial benefit (other than through a
cleanup call) or (c) an agreement that permits the transferee to require us to repurchase the transferred assets at a price so favorable that it is probable that it will require us to repurchase them.  
 If the sale criteria are met, the transferred financial assets are removed from our balance sheet and a gain or loss on sale is
recognized. If the sale criteria are not met, the transfer is recorded as a secured borrowing in which the assets remain on our balance sheet and the proceeds from the transaction are recognized as a liability. For the majority of financial asset
transfers, it is clear whether or not we have surrendered control. For other transfers, such as in connection with complex transactions or where we have continuing involvement, we generally obtain a legal opinion as to whether the transfer results
in a true sale by law.    We have historically securitized certain automobile receivables. Gains and losses on the loans and
leases sold and servicing rights associated with loan and lease sales are determined when the related loans or leases are sold to either a securitization trust or third party. For loan or lease sales with servicing retained, a servicing asset is
recorded at fair value for the right to service the loans sold.    Derivative Financial Instruments —  A variety of
derivative financial instruments, principally interest rate swaps, caps, floors, and collars, are used in asset and liability management activities to protect against the risk of adverse price or interest rate movements. These instruments provide
flexibility in adjusting Huntington’s sensitivity to changes in interest rates without exposure to loss of principal and higher funding requirements.    Huntington also uses derivatives, principally loan sale commitments, in hedging its mortgage loan interest rate lock commitments and its mortgage loans held for sale. Mortgage loan sale commitments and
the related interest rate lock commitments are carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with changes in fair value reflected in mortgage banking income. Huntington also uses certain derivative financial instruments to offset changes
in value of its MSRs. These derivatives consist primarily of forward interest rate agreements and forward mortgage contracts. The derivative instruments used are not designated as hedges. Accordingly, such derivatives are recorded at fair value with
changes in fair value reflected in mortgage banking income.  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Derivative financial instruments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as either
an asset or a liability (in accrued income and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively) and measured at fair value. On the date a derivative contract is entered into, we designate it as either:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a qualifying hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment (fair value hedge);
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a qualifying hedge of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset liability or forecasted transaction (cash flow
hedge); or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a trading instrument or a non-qualifying (economic) hedge.    Changes in the fair value of a derivative that has been designated and qualifies as a fair value hedge, along with the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that is attributable to
the hedged risk, are recorded in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that has been designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge, to the extent effective as a hedge, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income, net of income taxes, and reclassified into earnings in the period during which the hedged item affects earnings. Ineffectiveness in the hedging relationship is reflected in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivatives
held for trading purposes or which do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported in current period earnings.    For those
derivatives to which hedge accounting is applied, Huntington formally documents the hedging relationship and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. This documentation identifies the hedging instrument, the hedged item
or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged, and, unless the hedge meets all of the criteria to assume there is no ineffectiveness, the method that will be used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging instrument and how ineffectiveness
will be measured. The methods utilized to assess retrospective hedge effectiveness, as well as the frequency of testing, vary based on the type of item being hedged and the designated hedge period. For specifically designated fair value hedges of
certain fixed-rate debt, Huntington utilizes the short-cut method when certain criteria are met. For other fair value hedges of fixed-rate debt, including certificates of deposit, Huntington utilizes the regression method to evaluate hedge
effectiveness on a quarterly basis. For fair value hedges of portfolio loans, the regression method is used to evaluate effectiveness on a daily basis. For cash flow hedges, the regression method is applied on a quarterly basis.  
 Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the derivative is no longer effective or expected to be effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of a hedged item (including
firm commitments or forecasted transactions);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the derivative expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   it is unlikely that a forecasted transaction will occur;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the hedged firm commitment no longer meets the definition of a firm commitment; or  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the designation of the derivative as a hedging instrument is removed.  
 When hedge accounting is discontinued because it is determined that the derivative no longer qualifies as an effective fair value or cash
flow hedge, the derivative will continue to be carried on the balance sheet at fair value.    In the case of a discontinued fair
value hedge of a recognized asset or liability, as long as the hedged item continues to exist on the balance sheet, the hedged item will no longer be adjusted for changes in fair value. The basis adjustment that had previously been recorded to the
hedged item during the period from the hedge designation date to the hedge discontinuation date is recognized as an adjustment to the yield of the hedged item over the remaining life of the hedged item.  
 In the case of a discontinued cash flow hedge of a recognized asset or liability, as long as the hedged item continues to exist on the
balance sheet, the effective portion of the changes in fair value of the hedging derivative will no longer be recorded to other comprehensive income. The balance applicable to the discontinued hedging relationship will be recognized in earnings over
the remaining life of the hedged item as an adjustment to yield. If the discontinued hedged item was a forecasted transaction that is not expected to occur, any amounts recorded on the balance sheet related to the hedged item, including any amounts
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, are immediately reclassified to current period earnings.    In the case of
either a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge, if the previously hedged item is sold or extinguished, the basis adjustment to the underlying asset or liability or any remaining unamortized other comprehensive income balance will be reclassified to
current period earnings.  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In all other situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued, the derivative will be
carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets, with changes in its fair value recognized in current period earnings unless re-designated as a qualifying hedge.    Like other financial instruments, derivatives contain an element of credit risk, which is the possibility that Huntington will incur a loss because the counterparty fails to meet its contractual
obligations. Notional values of interest rate swaps and other off-balance sheet financial instruments significantly exceed the credit risk associated with these instruments and represent contractual balances on which calculations of amounts to be
exchanged are based. Credit exposure is limited to the sum of the aggregate fair value of positions that have become favorable to Huntington, including any accrued interest receivable due from counterparties. Potential credit losses are mitigated
through careful evaluation of counterparty credit standing, selection of counterparties from a limited group of high quality institutions, collateral agreements, and other contract provisions. Huntington considers the value of collateral held and
collateral provided in determining the net carrying value of derivatives.    Huntington offsets the fair value amounts
recognized for derivative instruments and the fair value for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral arising from derivative instrument(s) recognized at fair value executed with the same counterparty under a
master netting arrangement.    Repossessed Collateral —  Repossessed collateral, also referred to as other real
estate owned (OREO), is comprised principally of commercial and residential real estate properties obtained in partial or total satisfaction of loan obligations, and is carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Collateral obtained in satisfaction
of a loan is recorded at the estimated fair value less anticipated selling costs based upon the property’s appraised value at the date of foreclosure, with any difference between the fair value of the property and the carrying value of the loan
recorded as a charge-off. Subsequent declines in value are reported as adjustments to the carrying amount and are recorded in noninterest expense. Gains or losses resulting from the sale of collateral are recognized in noninterest expense at the
date of sale.    Collateral —  We pledge assets as collateral as required for various transactions including security
repurchase agreements, public deposits, loan notes, derivative financial instruments, short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings. Assets that have been pledged as collateral, including those that can be sold or repledged by the secured party,
continue to be reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.    We also accept collateral, primarily as part of various
transactions including derivative and security resale agreements. Collateral accepted by us, including collateral that we can sell or repledge, is excluded from our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 The market value of collateral we have accepted or pledged is regularly monitored and additional collateral is obtained or provided as
necessary to ensure appropriate collateral coverage in these transactions.     Premises and Equipment — 
Premises and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed principally by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Buildings and building improvements
are depreciated over an average of 30 to 40 years and 10 to 30 years, respectively. Land improvements and furniture and fixtures are depreciated over an average of 5 to 20 years, while equipment is depreciated over a range of 3 to 10 years.
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the asset’s useful life or the lease term, including any renewal periods for which renewal is reasonably assured. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred, while
improvements that extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining useful life. Premises and equipment is evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
the asset may not be recoverable.    Mortgage Servicing Rights —  Huntington recognizes the rights to service
mortgage loans as separate assets, which are included in accrued income and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets when purchased, or when servicing is contractually separated from the underlying mortgage loans by sale or securitization of
the loans with servicing rights retained.    For loan sales with servicing retained, a servicing asset is recorded at fair value
for the right to service the loans sold. To determine the fair value of a MSR, Huntington uses an option adjusted spread cash flow analysis incorporating market implied forward interest rates to estimate the future direction of mortgage and market
interest rates. The forward rates utilized are derived from the current yield curve for U.S. dollar interest rate swaps and are consistent with pricing of capital markets instruments. The current and projected mortgage interest rate influences the
prepayment rate and, therefore, the timing and magnitude of the cash flows associated with the MSR. Expected mortgage loan prepayment assumptions are derived from a third party model. Management believes these prepayment assumptions are consistent
with assumptions used by other market participants valuing similar MSRs. Servicing revenues on mortgage loans are included in mortgage banking income.    At the time of initial capitalization, MSRs may be grouped into servicing classes based on the availability of market inputs used in determining fair value and the method used for managing the risks of
the servicing assets. MSR assets are recorded using the fair value method or the amortization method. The election of the fair value or amortization method is made at the time each servicing  
      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
class is established. All newly created MSRs since 2009 were recorded using the amortization method. Any change in the fair value of MSRs carried under the fair value method, as well as
amortization and impairment of MSRs under the amortization method, during the period is recorded in mortgage banking income, which is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Huntington hedges the value of certain MSRs using derivative
instruments and trading securities. Changes in fair value of these derivatives and trading account securities are reported as a component of mortgage banking income.  
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets —  Under the acquisition method of accounting, the net assets of
entities acquired by Huntington are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. The excess cost of the acquisition over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Other intangible assets are amortized
either on an accelerated or straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis at October 1 st  of each year or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.
Other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.    Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits —  We recognize the funded status of the postretirement benefit plans on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net postretirement benefit cost charged to
current earnings related to these plans is based on various actuarial assumptions regarding expected future experience.  
 Certain employees are participants in various defined contribution and other non-qualified supplemental retirement plans. Our
contributions to these plans are charged to current earnings.    In addition, we maintain a 401(k) plan covering substantially
all employees. Employer contributions to the plan, which are charged to current earnings, are based on employee contributions.  
 Share-Based Compensation —  We use the fair value based method of accounting for awards of HBAN stock granted to employees
under various stock option and restricted share plans. Stock compensation costs are recognized prospectively for all new awards granted under these plans. Compensation expense relating to share options is calculated using a methodology that is based
on the underlying assumptions of the Black-Scholes option pricing model and is charged to expense over the requisite service period (e.g. vesting period). Compensation expense relating to restricted stock awards is based upon the fair value of the
awards on the date of grant and is charged to earnings over the requisite service period (e.g., vesting period) of the award.  
 Stock Repurchases —  Acquisitions of Huntington stock are recorded at cost. The re-issuance of shares is recorded at
weighted-average cost.    Income Taxes —  Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Accordingly, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future book and tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
change in tax rates is recognized in income at the time of enactment of such change in tax rates. Any interest or penalties due for payment of income taxes are included in the provision for income taxes. To the extent that we do not consider it more
likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is recorded. All positive and negative evidence is reviewed when determining how much of a valuation allowance is recognized on a quarterly basis. In determining the
requirements for a valuation allowance, sources of possible taxable income are evaluated including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards,
taxable income in appropriate carryback years, and tax-planning strategies. Huntington applies a more likely than not recognition threshold for all tax uncertainties.    Bank Owned Life Insurance —  Huntington’s bank owned life insurance policies are recorded at their cash surrender value. Huntington recognizes tax-exempt income from the periodic increases
in the cash surrender value of these policies and from death benefits. A portion of the cash surrender value is supported by holdings in separate accounts. Book value protection for the separate accounts is provided by the insurance
carriers and a highly rated major bank.     Fair Value Measurements —  The Company records or discloses certain
of its assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Fair value measurements are classified within one of three levels in a valuation hierarchy based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as
of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows:    Level 1  – inputs to the valuation methodology
are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.    Level 2  – inputs to the
valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
 
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Level 3  – inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant
to the fair value measurement.    A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.    Segment Results —  Accounting policies
for the business segments are the same as those used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to activities specifically attributable to each business segment. However, the preparation of business segment results
requires Management to establish methodologies to allocate funding costs and benefits, expenses, and other financial elements to each business segment. Changes are made in these methodologies as appropriate.  
 Statement of Cash Flows —  Cash and cash equivalents are defined as cash and due from banks which includes amounts on deposit
with the Federal Reserve and federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements.    Transactions with
Related Parties —  In the normal course of business, we may enter into transactions with various related parties. These transactions occur at prevailing market rates and terms and include funding arrangements, transfers of financial assets,
administrative and operational support, and other miscellaneous services.  
  2. ACCOUNTING STANDARDS UPDATE  
  ASU 2011-04 — Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure
Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs.  The ASU amends Topic 820 to add both additional clarifications to existing fair value measurement and disclosure requirements and changes to existing principles and disclosure guidance. Clarifications were
made to the relevancy of the highest and best use valuation concept, measurement of an instrument classified in an entity’s shareholders’ equity and disclosure of quantitative information about the unobservable inputs for level 3 fair
value measurements. Changes to existing principles and disclosures included measurement of financial instruments managed within a portfolio, the application of premiums and discounts in fair value measurement, and additional disclosures related to
fair value measurements. The updated guidance was effective for our quarterly and annual financial statements for 2012 (See Note 19). The amendments did not have a material impact on Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 ASU 2011-05 — Other Comprehensive Income (Topic 220), Presentation of Comprehensive Income.  The ASU amends Topic 220 to require an entity to
present the total of comprehensive income, the components of net income, and the components of other comprehensive income either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. An entity is
also required to present on the face of the financial statements reclassification adjustments for items that are reclassified from other comprehensive income to net income in the statement(s) where the components of net income and the components of
other comprehensive income are presented. The amendments do not change items that must be reported in other comprehensive income or when an item of other comprehensive income must be reclassified to net income, only the format for presentation.
Other than the deferral of the requirements related to reclassifications, the updated guidance was effective for our quarterly and annual financial statements for 2012. Also see ASU 2013-02.    ASU 2011-10 — Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Derecognition of In-Substance Real Estate.  The ASU amends Topic 360 to clarify that when a reporting entity ceases to have a
controlling financial interest (as described in ASC 810 “Consolidation”) in a subsidiary that is in-substance real estate as a result of default on the subsidiary’s nonrecourse debt, the reporting entity should apply the guidance in
Subtopic 360-20 to determine whether it should derecognize the in-substance real estate. The amendments were effective for our financial statements beginning in the third quarter of 2012. The amendments did not have a material impact on
Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements.    ASU 2011-11 — Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and
Liabilities.  The ASU amends Topic 210 by requiring additional improved information to be disclosed regarding financial instruments and derivative instruments that are offset in accordance with the conditions under ASC 210-20-45 or ASC 810-10-45
or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments were effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013. The disclosures required by the amendments should be
applied retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. The amendments did not have a material impact on Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements.    ASU 2013-01— Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities . The ASU amends Update 2011-11 to clarify that the scope applies to
derivatives, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with Section 210-20-45 or Section 815-10-45 or subject to master netting or similar
arrangements. Other types of financial assets and liabilities subject to master netting or similar arrangements are not subject to the disclosure requirements in Update 2011-11. The amendments were effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
January 1, 2013, and interim periods within those annual periods. The amendments did not have a material impact on Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  ASU 2013-02— Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income.  The ASU requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition, an entity is required to present, either on the face of the
statement where net income is presented or in the notes, significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be
reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. The amendments were effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2012. The amendments did not have a material impact on Huntington’s
Consolidated Financial Statements.    ASU 2013-11— Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net
Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.  The ASU requires that an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a
deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward. However, if a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under
the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position or the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction does not require the entity to use, and the entity does not
intend to use, the deferred tax asset for such purpose, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. The amendments were effective for fiscal years,
and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. The amendments are not expected to have a material impact on Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 ASU 2014-01— Investments (Topic 323): Accounting for Investments in Affordable Housing Projects.  The ASU revises the necessary criteria that
need to be met in order for an entity to account for investments in affordable housing projects net of the provision for income taxes. It also changes the method of recognition from an effective amortization approach to a proportional amortization
approach. Additional disclosures were also set forth in this update. The amendments are effective for annual periods, and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2014. The amendments are required to
be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted. Management is currently evaluating the impact of the guidance on Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 ASU 2014-04— Receivables (Topic 310): Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure. 
The ASU clarifies that an in substance repossession or foreclosure occurs upon either the creditor obtaining legal title to the residential real estate property or the borrower conveying all interest in the residential real estate property to the
creditor to satisfy that loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement. The amendments are effective for annual periods, and interim reporting periods within those annual periods, beginning after
December 15, 2014. The amendments may be adopted using either a modified retrospective transition method or a prospective transition method. Early adoption is permitted. Management does not believe the amendments will have a material impact on
Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  3. LOANS AND LEASES AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES  
  Loans and leases for which Huntington has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future, or until maturity
or payoff, are classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as loans and leases. Except for loans which are accounted for at fair value, loans and leases are carried at the principal amount outstanding, net of unamortized deferred loan origination
fees and costs and net of unearned income. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the aggregate amount of these net unamortized deferred loan origination fees and net unearned income was $192.9 million and $174.5 million, respectively.  
 Loan and Lease Portfolio Composition    The table below summarizes the Company’s primary portfolios. For ACL purposes, these portfolios are further disaggregated into classes which are also summarized in the table below.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Portfolio 
    
   Class 


 
 Commercial and industrial 
    
 Owner occupied 
 
 
    
 Purchased credit-impaired 
 
 
    
 Other commercial and industrial 
 
 
 
 
 Commercial real estate 
    
 Retail properties 
 
 
    
 Multi family 
 
 
    
 Office 
 
 
    
 Industrial and warehouse 
 
 
    
 Purchased credit-impaired 
 
 
    
 Other commercial real estate 
 
 
 
 
 Automobile 
    
 NA (1) 
 
 
 
 
 Home equity 
    
 Secured by first-lien 
 
 
    
 Secured by junior-lien 
 
 
 
 
 Residential mortgage 
    
 Residential mortgage 
 
 
    
 Purchased credit-impaired 
 
 
 
 
 Other consumer 
    
 Other consumer 
 
 
    
 Purchased credit-impaired 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Not applicable. The automobile loan portfolio is not further segregated into classes.  
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Effective December 31, 2013 approximately $600.4 million of direct purchase municipal
instruments were reclassified from C&I loans to available-for-sale securities.    Direct Financing Leases  
 Huntington’s loan and lease portfolio includes lease financing receivables consisting of direct financing leases on equipment, which
are included in C&I loans. Lease financing receivables at December 31, 2012 also included a minimal amount of automobile leases, which were included in Consumer loans. Net investments in lease financing receivables by category at
December 31, 2013 and 2012 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Commercial and industrial: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Lease payments receivable 
    
 $ 
 1,426,928 
   
   
 $ 
 1,477,296 
   
 
   Estimated residual value of leased assets 
    
   
 409,184 
   
   
   
 332,369 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross investment in commercial lease financing receivables 
    
   
 1,836,112 
   
   
   
 1,809,665 
   
 
   Net deferred origination costs 
    
   
 3,105 
   
   
   
 2,805 
   
 
   Unearned income 
    
   
 (165,052 
 )  
   
   
 (142,904 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total net investment in commercial lease financing receivables 
    
 $ 
 1,674,165 
   
   
 $ 
 1,669,566 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consumer: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total net investment in consumer lease financing receivables 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 615 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The future lease rental payments due from customers on direct financing leases at December 31, 2013,
totaled $1.4 billion and were as follows: $0.6 billion in 2014, $0.3 billion in 2015, $0.2 billion in 2016, $0.1 billion in 2017, $0.1 billion in 2018, and $0.1 thereafter.    Fidelity Bank acquisition    On March 30, 2012, Huntington acquired the
loans of Fidelity Bank located in Dearborn, Michigan from the FDIC. Under the agreement, loans were transferred to Huntington and recorded at fair value in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, ASC 805. The fair values for the loans were
estimated using discounted cash flow analyses using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms (Level 3), and reflected an estimate of probable losses and the credit risk associated with the loans.  
 Purchased Credit-Impaired Loans    The fair values for purchased credit-impaired loans were estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, including interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms (Level 3) and
prepayment assumptions. This value was reduced by an estimate of probable losses and the credit risk associated with the loans.  
 The following table presents a rollforward of the accretable yield for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 
    
 $ 
 23,251 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Impact of acquisition on March 30, 2012 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 27,586 
   
 
   Adjustments resulting from changes in purchase price allocation 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,625 
   
 
   Accretion 
    
   
 (15,931 
 )  
   
   
 (7,960 
 )  
 
   Reclassification from nonaccretable difference 
    
   
 20,675 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 
    
 $ 
 27,995 
   
   
 $ 
 23,251 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The allowance for loan losses recorded on the purchased credit-impaired loan portfolio at
December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $2.4 million and none, respectively. The following table reflects the ending and unpaid balances of all contractually required payments and carrying amounts of the acquired loans at December 31, 2013 and
December 31, 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   (in thousands) 
    
 Ending Balance 
   
    
 Unpaid Balance 
   
    
 Ending Balance 
   
    
 Unpaid Balance 
   


 
   Commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 35,526 
   
    
 $ 
 50,798 
   
    
 $ 
 54,472 
   
    
 $ 
 80,294 
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 82,073 
   
    
   
 154,869 
   
    
   
 126,923 
   
    
   
 226,093 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 2,498 
   
    
   
 3,681 
   
    
   
 2,243 
   
    
   
 4,104 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 129 
   
    
   
 219 
   
    
   
 140 
   
    
   
 245 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 120,226 
   
    
 $ 
 209,567 
   
    
 $ 
 183,778 
   
    
 $ 
 310,736 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Loan Purchases and Sales    The following table summarizes significant portfolio loan purchase and sale activity for the years ended December 31, 2013, and 2012. The table below excludes mortgage loans originated for sale.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Commercial and Industrial 
   
    
 Commercial Real Estate 
   
    
 Automobile 
   
    
 Home Equity 
   
    
 Residential Mortgage 
   
    
 Other Consumer 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Portfolio loans purchased during the: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 109,723 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 109,723 
   
 
   Year ended December 31, 2012 
    
   
 568,467 
   
    
   
 378,122 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 13,025 
   
    
   
 62,324 
   
    
   
 85 
   
    
   
 1,022,023 
   
 
   Portfolio loans sold or transferred to loans held for sale during the: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2013 
    
   
 225,930 
    
    
   
 4,767 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 205,334 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 436,031 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2012 
    
   
 238,121 
   
    
   
 74,703 
   
    
   
 2,783,748 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 389,603 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,486,175 
   
   In 2012, $2.3 billion automobile loans were securitized with the resulting residual sold. In 2013,
Huntington did not securitize any automobile loans. The securitizations were treated as a sale.    NALs and Past Due Loans  
 The following table presents NALs by loan class for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 (1):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Commercial and industrial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 38,321 
   
    
 $ 
 53,009 
   
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 18,294 
   
    
   
 37,696 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 56,615 
   
    
 $ 
 90,705 
   
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 27,328 
   
    
 $ 
 31,791 
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 9,289 
   
    
   
 19,765 
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 18,995 
   
    
   
 30,341 
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 6,310 
   
    
   
 6,841 
   
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 11,495 
   
    
   
 38,390 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 73,417 
   
    
 $ 
 127,128 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
  6,303 
   
    
 $ 
  7,823 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 36,288 
   
    
 $ 
 27,091 
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 29,901 
   
    
   
 32,434 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
 $ 
 66,189 
   
    
 $ 
 59,525 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 119,532 
   
    
 $ 
 122,452 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total nonaccrual loans 
    
 $ 
 322,056 
   
    
 $ 
 407,633 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 December 31, 2013 and 2012, amounts included $75.5 million and $60.1 million related to Chapter 7 bankruptcy loans.  
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The amount of interest that would have been recorded under the original terms for total NAL
loans was $23.4 million, $40.4 million, and $38.4 million for 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. The total amount of interest recorded to interest income for these loans was $5.0 million, $4.8 million, and $5.1 million in 2013, 2012, and 2011,
respectively.    The following table presents an aging analysis of loans and leases for the years ended December 31, 2013
and 2012 (1):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   December 31,
2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Past Due 
   
    
   
   
    
   Total Loans 
 and Leases 
   
    
   90 or more 
 days past due   and accruing 
   
 
   
    
 30-59 days 
   
    
 60-89 days 
   
    
 90 or more days 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Current 
   
    
    


 
   Commercial and industrial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 5,935 
   
    
 $ 
 1,879 
   
    
 $ 
 25,658 
   
    
 $ 
 33,472 
   
    
 $ 
 4,314,400 
   
    
 $ 
 4,347,872 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 241 
   
    
   
 433 
   
    
   
 14,562 
   
    
   
 15,236 
   
    
   
 20,290 
   
    
   
 35,526 
   
    
   
 14,562 
 (2) 
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 10,342 
   
    
   
 3,075 
   
    
   
 11,210 
   
    
   
 24,627 
   
    
   
 13,186,251 
   
    
   
 13,210,878 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 16,518 
   
    
 $ 
 5,387 
   
    
 $ 
 51,430 
   
    
 $ 
 73,335 
   
    
 $ 
 17,520,941 
   
    
 $ 
 17,594,276 
   
    
 $ 
 14,562 
   
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 19,372 
   
    
 $ 
 1,228 
   
    
 $ 
 5,252 
   
    
 $ 
 25,852 
   
    
 $ 
 1,237,717 
   
    
 $ 
 1,263,569 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 2,425 
   
    
   
 943 
   
    
   
 6,726 
   
    
   
 10,094 
   
    
   
 1,015,497 
   
    
   
 1,025,591 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 1,635 
   
    
   
 545 
   
    
   
 12,700 
   
    
   
 14,880 
   
    
   
 927,413 
   
    
   
 942,293 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 465 
   
    
   
 3,714 
   
    
   
 4,395 
   
    
   
 8,574 
   
    
   
 464,319 
   
    
   
 472,893 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 1,311 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 39,142 
   
    
   
 40,453 
   
    
   
 41,620 
   
    
   
 82,073 
   
    
   
 39,142 
 (2) 
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 5,922 
    
    
   
 1,134 
   
    
   
 7,192 
   
    
   
 14,248 
   
    
   
 1,049,427 
   
    
   
 1,063,675 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 31,130 
   
    
 $ 
 7,564 
   
    
 $ 
 75,407 
   
    
 $ 
 114,101 
   
    
 $ 
 4,735,993 
   
    
 $ 
 4,850,094 
   
    
 $ 
 39,142 
   
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
 45,174 
   
    
 $ 
 8,863 
   
    
 $ 
 5,140 
   
    
 $ 
 59,177 
   
    
 $ 
 6,579,536 
   
    
 $ 
 6,638,713 
   
    
 $ 
 5,055 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 20,551 
   
    
 $ 
 8,746 
   
    
 $ 
 28,472 
   
    
 $ 
 57,769 
   
    
 $ 
 4,784,375 
   
    
 $ 
 4,842,144 
   
    
 $ 
 6,338 
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 28,965 
   
    
   
 13,071 
   
    
   
 31,392 
   
    
   
 73,428 
   
    
   
 3,420,746 
   
    
   
 3,494,174 
   
    
   
 7,645 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
 $ 
 49,516 
   
    
 $ 
 21,817 
   
    
 $ 
 59,864 
   
    
 $ 
 131,197 
   
    
 $ 
 8,205,121 
   
    
 $ 
 8,336,318 
   
    
 $ 
 13,983 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 101,584 
   
    
 $ 
 41,784 
   
    
 $ 
 158,956 
   
    
 $ 
 302,324 
   
    
 $ 
 5,016,266 
   
    
 $ 
 5,318,590 
   
    
 $ 
 90,115 
 (3) 
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 194 
   
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 339 
    
    
   
 533 
    
    
   
 1,965 
    
    
   
 2,498 
    
    
   
 339 
 (2) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 101,778 
   
    
 $ 
 41,784 
   
    
 $ 
 159,295 
   
    
 $ 
 302,857 
   
    
 $ 
 5,018,231 
   
    
 $ 
 5,321,088 
   
    
 $ 
 90,454 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 $ 
 6,465 
   
    
 $ 
 1,276 
   
    
 $ 
 998 
   
    
 $ 
 8,739 
   
    
 $ 
 371,143 
   
    
 $ 
 379,882 
   
    
 $ 
 998 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 69 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 69 
   
    
   
 60 
   
    
   
 129 
   
    
   
 — 
 (2) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other consumer 
    
 $ 
 6,534 
   
    
 $ 
 1,276 
   
    
 $ 
 998 
   
    
 $ 
 8,808 
   
    
 $ 
 371,203 
   
    
 $ 
 380,011 
   
    
 $ 
 998 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 250,650 
   
    
 $ 
 86,691 
   
    
 $ 
 352,134 
   
    
 $ 
 689,475 
   
    
 $ 
 42,431,025 
   
    
 $ 
 43,120,500 
   
    
 $ 
 164,194 
   
      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 90 or more 
   
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Past Due 
   
    
   
   
    
 Total Loans 
   
    
 days past due 
   
 
   
    
 30-59 days 
   
    
 60-89 days 
   
    
 90 or more days 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Current 
   
    
 and Leases 
   
    
 and accruing 
   
 
   Commercial and industrial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 11,409 
   
    
 $ 
 6,302 
   
    
 $ 
 31,997 
   
    
 $ 
 49,708 
   
    
 $ 
 4,236,211 
   
    
 $ 
 4,285,919 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 986 
   
    
   
 3,533 
   
    
   
 26,648 
   
    
   
 31,167 
   
    
   
 23,305 
   
    
   
 54,472 
   
    
   
 26,648 
 (2) 
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 20,273 
   
    
   
 4,211 
   
    
   
 14,786 
   
    
   
 39,270 
   
    
   
 12,591,028 
   
    
   
 12,630,298 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 32,668 
   
    
 $ 
 14,046 
   
    
 $ 
 73,431 
   
    
 $ 
 120,145 
   
    
 $ 
 16,850,544 
   
    
 $ 
 16,970,689 
   
    
 $ 
 26,648 
   
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 3,459 
   
    
 $ 
 4,203 
   
    
 $ 
 9,677 
   
    
 $ 
 17,339 
   
    
 $ 
 1,413,520 
   
    
 $ 
 1,430,859 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 7,961 
   
    
   
 1,314 
   
    
   
 12,062 
   
    
   
 21,337 
   
    
   
 963,063 
   
    
   
 984,400 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 1,054 
   
    
   
 2,415 
   
    
   
 23,335 
   
    
   
 26,804 
   
    
   
 909,310 
   
    
   
 936,114 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 6,597 
   
    
   
 118 
   
    
   
 5,433 
   
    
   
 12,148 
   
    
   
 584,754 
   
    
   
 596,902 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 556 
   
    
   
 1,751 
   
    
   
 56,660 
   
    
   
 58,967 
   
    
   
 67,956 
   
    
   
 126,923 
   
    
   
 56,660 
 (2) 
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 2,725 
    
    
   
 2,192 
   
    
   
 25,463 
   
    
   
 30,380 
   
    
   
 1,293,662 
   
    
   
 1,324,042 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 22,352 
   
    
 $ 
 11,993 
   
    
 $ 
 132,630 
   
    
 $ 
 166,975 
   
    
 $ 
 5,232,265 
   
    
 $ 
 5,399,240 
   
    
 $ 
 56,660 
   
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
 36,267 
   
    
 $ 
 7,803 
   
    
 $ 
 4,438 
   
    
 $ 
 48,508 
   
    
 $ 
 4,585,312 
   
    
 $ 
 4,633,820 
   
    
 $ 
 4,418 
   
 
   Home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 26,288 
   
    
 $ 
 9,992 
   
    
 $ 
 28,322 
   
    
 $ 
 64,602 
   
    
 $ 
 4,315,985 
   
    
 $ 
 4,380,587 
   
    
 $ 
 5,202 
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 34,365 
   
    
   
 16,553 
   
    
   
 35,150 
   
    
   
 86,068 
   
    
   
 3,868,687 
   
    
   
 3,954,755 
   
    
   
 12,998 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
   
 60,653 
    
    
 $ 
 26,545 
   
    
 $ 
 63,472 
   
    
 $ 
 150,670 
   
    
 $ 
 8,184,672 
   
    
 $ 
 8,335,342 
   
    
 $ 
 18,200 
   
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 118,582 
   
    
 $ 
 44,747 
   
    
 $ 
 164,035 
   
    
 $ 
 327,364 
   
    
 $ 
 4,640,065 
   
    
 $ 
 4,967,429 
   
    
 $ 
 92,925 
 (4) 
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 58 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 609 
   
    
   
 667 
   
    
   
 1,576 
   
    
   
 2,243 
   
    
   
 609 
 (2) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 118,640 
   
    
 $ 
 44,747 
   
    
 $ 
 164,644 
   
    
 $ 
 328,031 
   
    
 $ 
 4,641,641 
   
    
 $ 
 4,969,672 
   
    
 $ 
 93,534 
   
 
   Other consumer 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 7,431 
   
    
 $ 
 2,117 
   
    
 $ 
 1,672 
   
    
 $ 
 11,220 
   
    
 $ 
 408,302 
   
    
 $ 
 419,522 
   
    
 $ 
 1,672 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 76 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 76 
   
    
   
 64 
   
    
   
 140 
   
    
   
 — 
 (2) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other consumer 
    
 $ 
 7,431 
   
    
 $ 
 2,193 
   
    
 $ 
 1,672 
   
    
 $ 
 11,296 
   
    
 $ 
 408,366 
   
    
 $ 
 419,662 
   
    
 $ 
 1,672 
   
 
   Total loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 278,011 
   
    
 $ 
 107,327 
   
    
 $ 
 440,287 
   
    
 $ 
 825,625 
   
    
 $ 
 39,902,800 
   
    
 $ 
 40,728,425 
   
    
 $ 
 201,132 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 NALs are included in this aging analysis based on the loan’s past due status.  
 
 
 (2) 
 All amounts represent accruing purchased credit-impaired loans related to the FDIC-assisted Fidelity Bank acquisition. Under the applicable accounting guidance
(ASC-310-30), the loans were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes $87,985 thousand guaranteed by the U.S. government.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Includes $90,816 thousand guaranteed by the U.S. government.    Allowance for Credit Losses    The ACL is increased through recoveries and
the provision for credit losses that is charged to earnings, based on Management’s quarterly evaluation, and is reduced by NCOs and the ACL associated with securitized or sold loans. There were no material changes in assumptions or estimation
techniques compared with prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period’s ALLL and AULC.    During a
2013 review of our consumer portfolios, we identified additional loans associated with borrowers who had filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy and had not reaffirmed their debt, thus meeting the definition of collateral dependent per OCC regulatory guidance.
These loans were not identified in the 2012 third quarter implementation of the OCC’s regulatory guidance. The bankruptcy court’s discharge of the borrower’s debt is considered a concession when the discharged debt is not reaffirmed,
and as such, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status, and written down to collateral value, less anticipated selling costs. As a result of the review of our existing consumer portfolios, additional NCOs of $22.8 million were recorded in 2013. The
majority of the NCO impact was in the home equity portfolio and relates to junior-lien loans that meet the regulatory guidance.  
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents ALLL and AULC activity by portfolio segment for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Commercial and Industrial 
   
   
 Commercial Real Estate 
   
   
 Automobile 
   
   
 Home Equity 
   
   
 Residential Mortgage 
   
   
 Other Consumer 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2013: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   ALLL balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 241,051 
   
   
 $ 
 285,369 
   
   
 $ 
 34,979 
   
   
 $ 
 118,764 
   
   
 $ 
 61,658 
   
   
 $ 
 27,254 
   
   
 $ 
 769,075 
   
 
   Loan charge-offs 
    
   
 (45,904 
 )  
   
   
 (69,512 
 )  
   
   
 (23,912 
 )  
   
   
 (98,184 
 )  
   
   
 (34,236 
 )  
   
   
 (34,568 
 )  
   
   
 (306,316 
 )  
 
   Recoveries of loans previously charged-off 
    
   
 29,514 
   
   
   
 44,658 
   
   
   
 13,375 
   
   
   
 15,921 
   
   
   
 7,074 
   
   
   
 7,108 
   
   
   
 117,650 
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 41,140 
   
   
   
 (97,958 
 )  
   
   
 6,611 
   
   
   
 74,630 
   
   
   
 5,417 
   
   
   
 37,957 
   
   
   
 67,797 
   
 
   Allowance for loans sold or transferred to loans held for sale 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (336 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (336 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   ALLL balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 265,801 
   
   
 $ 
 162,557 
   
   
 $ 
 31,053 
   
   
 $ 
 111,131 
   
   
 $ 
 39,577 
   
   
 $ 
 37,751 
   
   
 $ 
 647,870 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   AULC balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 33,868 
   
   
 $ 
 4,740 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,356 
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 684 
   
   
 $ 
 40,651 
   
 
   Provision for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit 
    
   
 15,728 
   
   
   
 5,151 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 407 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 956 
   
   
   
 22,248 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   AULC balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 49,596 
   
   
 $ 
 9,891 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,763 
   
   
 $ 
 9 
   
   
 $ 
 1,640 
   
   
 $ 
 62,899 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   ACL balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 315,397 
   
   
 $ 
 172,448 
   
   
 $ 
 31,053 
   
   
 $ 
 112,894 
   
   
 $ 
 39,586 
   
   
 $ 
 39,391 
   
   
 $ 
 710,769 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Year ended December 31, 2012: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   ALLL balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 275,367 
   
   
 $ 
 388,706 
   
   
 $ 
 38,282 
   
   
 $ 
 143,873 
   
   
 $ 
 87,194 
   
   
 $ 
 31,406 
   
   
 $ 
 964,828 
   
 
   Loan charge-offs 
    
   
 (101,475 
 )  
   
   
 (118,051 
 )  
   
   
 (26,070 
 )  
   
   
 (124,286 
 )  
   
   
 (52,228 
 )  
   
   
 (33,090 
 )  
   
   
 (455,200 
 )  
 
   Recoveries of loans previously charged-off 
    
   
 37,227 
   
   
   
 39,622 
   
   
   
 16,628 
   
   
   
 7,907 
   
   
   
 4,305 
   
   
   
 7,049 
   
   
   
 112,738 
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 29,932 
   
   
   
 (24,908 
 )  
   
   
 12,964 
   
   
   
 91,270 
   
   
   
 24,046 
   
   
   
 21,889 
   
   
   
 155,193 
   
 
   Allowance for loans sold or transferred to loans held for sale 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6,825 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,659 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (8,484 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   ALLL balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 241,051 
   
   
 $ 
 285,369 
   
   
 $ 
 34,979 
   
   
 $ 
 118,764 
   
   
 $ 
 61,658 
   
   
 $ 
 27,254 
   
   
 $ 
 769,075 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   AULC balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 39,658 
   
   
 $ 
 5,852 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 2,134 
   
   
 $ 
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 811 
   
   
 $ 
 48,456 
   
 
   Provision for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit 
    
   
 (5,790 
 )  
   
   
 (1,112 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (778 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (127 
 )  
   
   
 (7,805 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   AULC balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 33,868 
   
   
 $ 
 4,740 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,356 
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 684 
   
   
 $ 
 40,651 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   ACL balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 274,919 
   
   
 $ 
 290,109 
   
   
 $ 
 34,979 
   
   
 $ 
 120,120 
   
   
 $ 
 61,661 
   
   
 $ 
 27,938 
   
   
 $ 
 809,726 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      113
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2011: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   ALLL balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 340,614 
   
   
 $ 
 588,251 
   
   
 $ 
 49,488 
   
   
 $ 
 150,630 
   
   
 $ 
 93,289 
   
   
 $ 
 26,736 
   
   
 $ 
 1,249,008 
   
 
   Loan charge-offs 
    
   
 (134,385 
 )  
   
   
 (182,759 
 )  
   
   
 (33,593 
 )  
   
   
 (109,427 
 )  
   
   
 (65,069 
 )  
   
   
 (32,520 
 )  
   
   
 (557,753 
 )  
 
   Recoveries of loans previously charged-off 
    
   
 44,686 
   
   
   
 34,658 
   
   
   
 18,526 
   
   
   
 7,630 
   
   
   
 8,388 
   
   
   
 6,776 
   
   
   
 120,664 
   
 
   Provision for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 24,452 
   
   
   
 (51,444 
 )  
   
   
 17,042 
   
   
   
 95,040 
   
   
   
 52,226 
   
   
   
 30,414 
   
   
   
 167,730 
   
 
   Allowance for loans sold or transferred to loans held for sale 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (13,181 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,640 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (14,821 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   ALLL balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 275,367 
   
   
 $ 
 388,706 
   
   
 $ 
 38,282 
   
   
 $ 
 143,873 
   
   
 $ 
 87,194 
   
   
 $ 
 31,406 
   
   
 $ 
 964,828 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   AULC balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 32,726 
   
   
 $ 
 6,158 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 2,348 
   
   
 $ 
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 894 
   
   
 $ 
 42,127 
   
 
   Provision for unfunded loan commitments and letters-of-credit 
    
   
 6,932 
   
   
   
 (306 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (214 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (83 
 )  
   
   
 6,329 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   AULC balance, end of period 
    
   
 39,658 
   
   
   
 5,852 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,134 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 811 
   
   
   
 48,456 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   ACL balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 315,025 
   
   
 $ 
 394,558 
   
   
 $ 
 38,282 
   
   
 $ 
 146,007 
   
   
 $ 
 87,195 
   
   
 $ 
 32,217 
   
   
 $ 
 1,013,284 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Credit Quality Indicators    To facilitate the monitoring of credit quality for C&I and CRE loans, and for purposes of determining an appropriate ACL level for these loans, Huntington utilizes the following categories of credit
grades:    Pass - Higher quality loans that do not fit any of the other categories described below.  
 OLEM - The credit risk may be relatively minor yet represent a risk given certain specific circumstances. If the potential weaknesses are
not monitored or mitigated, the loan may weaken or the collateral may be inadequate to protect Huntington’s position in the future. For these reasons, Huntington considers the loans to be potential problem loans.  
 Substandard - Inadequately protected loans by the borrower’s ability to repay, equity, and/or the collateral pledged to secure the
loan. These loans have identified weaknesses that could hinder normal repayment or collection of the debt. It is likely Huntington will sustain some loss if any identified weaknesses are not mitigated.  
 Doubtful - Loans that have all of the weaknesses inherent in those loans classified as Substandard, with the added elements of the full
collection of the loan is improbable and that the possibility of loss is high.    The categories above, which are derived from
standard regulatory rating definitions, are assigned upon initial approval of the loan or lease and subsequently updated as appropriate.    Commercial loans categorized as OLEM, Substandard, or Doubtful are considered Criticized loans. Commercial loans categorized as Substandard or Doubtful are also considered Classified loans.  
 For all classes within all consumer loan portfolios, each loan is assigned a specific PD factor that is partially based on the
borrower’s most recent credit bureau score (FICO), which we update quarterly. A FICO credit bureau score is a credit score developed by Fair Isaac Corporation based on data provided by the credit bureaus. The FICO credit bureau score is widely
accepted as the standard measure of consumer credit risk used by lenders, regulators, rating agencies, and consumers. The higher the FICO credit bureau score, the higher likelihood of repayment and therefore, an indicator of higher credit quality.
   Huntington assesses the risk in the loan portfolio by utilizing numerous risk characteristics. The classifications
described above, and also presented in the table below, represent one of those characteristics that are closely monitored in the overall credit risk management processes. The table below also shows an increase in FICO scores less than 650 for the
automobile portfolio. This increase is proportional to growth in the portfolio and does not reflect a deterioration in asset quality for the portfolio, as other risk characteristics mitigate any increased level of risk associated with the FICO score
distribution.  
      114
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents each loan and lease class by credit quality indicator for the
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Credit Risk Profile by UCS classification 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Pass 
   
    
 OLEM 
   
    
 Substandard 
   
    
 Doubtful 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Commercial and industrial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 4,052,579 
   
    
 $ 
 130,645 
   
    
 $ 
 155,994 
   
    
 $ 
 8,654 
   
    
 $ 
 4,347,872 
   
 
   Purchased impaired 
    
   
 5,015 
   
    
   
 661 
   
    
   
 27,693 
   
    
   
 2,157 
   
    
   
 35,526 
   
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 12,630,512 
   
    
   
 211,860 
   
    
   
 364,343 
   
    
   
 4,163 
   
    
   
 13,210,878 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 16,688,106 
   
    
 $ 
 343,166 
   
    
 $ 
 548,030 
   
    
 $ 
 14,974 
   
    
 $ 
 17,594,276 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 1,153,747 
   
    
 $ 
 16,003 
   
    
 $ 
 93,819 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,263,569 
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 972,526 
   
    
   
 16,540 
   
    
   
 36,411 
   
    
   
 114 
   
    
   
 1,025,591 
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 847,411 
   
    
   
 4,866 
   
    
   
 87,722 
   
    
   
 2,294 
   
    
   
 942,293 
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 431,057 
   
    
   
 14,138 
   
    
   
 27,698 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 472,893 
   
 
   Purchased impaired 
    
   
 13,127 
   
    
   
 3,586 
   
    
   
 62,577 
   
    
   
 2,783 
   
    
   
 82,073 
   
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 977,987 
   
    
   
 16,270 
   
    
   
 68,653 
   
    
   
 765 
   
    
   
 1,063,675 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 4,395,855 
   
    
 $ 
 71,403 
   
    
 $ 
 376,880 
   
    
 $ 
 5,956 
   
    
 $ 
 4,850,094 
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Credit Risk Profile by FICO score (1) 
   
 
   
    
 750+ 
   
    
 650-749 
   
    
 <650 
   
    
 Other (2) 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
 2,987,323 
   
    
 $ 
 2,517,756 
   
    
 $ 
 945,604 
   
    
 $ 
 188,030 
   
    
 $ 
 6,638,713 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 3,018,784 
   
    
 $ 
 1,412,445 
   
    
 $ 
 299,681 
   
    
 $ 
 111,234 
   
    
 $ 
 4,842,144 
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 1,811,102 
   
    
   
 1,213,024 
   
    
   
 413,695 
   
    
   
 56,353 
   
    
   
 3,494,174 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
 $ 
 4,829,886 
   
    
 $ 
 2,625,469 
   
    
 $ 
 713,376 
   
    
 $ 
 167,587 
   
    
 $ 
 8,336,318 
   
 
   Residential mortgage: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 2,837,590 
   
    
 $ 
 1,710,183 
   
    
 $ 
 699,541 
   
    
 $ 
 71,276 
   
    
 $ 
 5,318,590 
   
 
   Purchased impaired 
    
   
 588 
   
    
   
 989 
   
    
   
 921 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,498 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 2,838,178 
   
    
 $ 
 1,711,172 
   
    
 $ 
 700,462 
   
    
 $ 
 71,276 
   
    
 $ 
 5,321,088 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 $ 
 161,858 
   
    
 $ 
 157,675 
   
    
 $ 
 45,370 
   
    
 $ 
 14,979 
   
    
 $ 
 379,882 
   
 
   Purchased impaired 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 60 
   
    
   
 69 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 129 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other consumer loans 
    
 $ 
 161,858 
   
    
 $ 
 157,735 
   
    
 $ 
 45,439 
   
    
 $ 
 14,979 
   
    
 $ 
 380,011 
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Credit Risk Profile by UCS classification 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Pass 
   
    
 OLEM 
   
    
 Substandard 
   
    
 Doubtful 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   Commercial and industrial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 3,970,597 
   
    
 $ 
 108,731 
   
    
 $ 
 205,822 
   
    
 $ 
 769 
   
    
 $ 
 4,285,919 
   
 
   Purchased impaired 
    
   
 1,663 
   
    
   
 6,555 
   
    
   
 46,254 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 54,472 
   
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 12,146,017 
   
    
   
 145,111 
   
    
   
 337,805 
   
    
   
 1,365 
   
    
   
 12,630,298 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 16,118,277 
   
    
 $ 
 260,397 
   
    
 $ 
 589,881 
   
    
 $ 
 2,134 
   
    
 $ 
 16,970,689 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 1,184,987 
   
    
 $ 
 63,976 
   
    
 $ 
 181,896 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,430,859 
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 902,616 
   
    
   
 24,098 
   
    
   
 57,548 
   
    
   
 138 
   
    
   
 984,400 
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 826,533 
   
    
   
 26,488 
   
    
   
 83,093 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 936,114 
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 540,484 
   
    
   
 15,132 
   
    
   
 41,286 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 596,902 
   
 
   Purchased impaired 
    
   
 10,052 
   
    
   
 18,085 
   
    
   
 98,786 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 126,923 
   
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 1,177,213 
   
    
   
 43,454 
   
    
   
 103,262 
   
    
   
 113 
   
    
   
 1,324,042 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 4,641,885 
   
    
 $ 
 191,233 
   
    
 $ 
 565,871 
   
    
 $ 
 251 
   
    
 $ 
 5,399,240 
   
      115
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 Credit Risk Profile by FICO score (1) 
   
 
   
    
 750+ 
   
    
 650-749 
   
    
 <650 
   
    
 Other (2) 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
 2,233,439 
   
    
 $ 
 1,900,824 
   
    
 $ 
 682,518 
   
    
 $ 
 117,039 
   
    
 $ 
 4,933,820 
  (3) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
   
 2,618,888 
   
    
   
 1,345,621 
   
    
   
 357,019 
   
    
   
 59,059 
   
    
   
 4,380,587 
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 2,046,143 
   
    
   
 1,375,636 
   
    
   
 491,226 
   
    
   
 41,750 
   
    
   
 3,954,755 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
 $ 
 4,665,031 
   
    
 $ 
 2,721,257 
   
    
 $ 
 848,245 
   
    
 $ 
 100,809 
   
    
 $ 
 8,335,342 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
   
 2,561,210 
   
    
   
 1,673,485 
   
    
   
 711,750 
   
    
   
 20,984 
   
    
   
 4,967,429 
   
 
   Purchased impaired 
    
   
 373 
   
    
   
 1,303 
   
    
   
 567 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,243 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total residential mortgage 
    
   
 2,561,583 
   
    
 $ 
 1,674,788 
   
    
 $ 
 712,317 
   
    
 $ 
 20,984 
   
    
 $ 
 4,969,672 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
   
 169,792 
   
    
   
 167,389 
   
    
   
 59,815 
   
    
   
 22,526 
   
    
   
 419,522 
   
 
   Purchased impaired 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 93 
   
    
   
 47 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 140 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other consumer loans 
    
   
 169,792 
   
    
 $ 
 167,482 
   
    
 $ 
 59,862 
   
    
 $ 
 22,526 
   
    
 $ 
 419,662 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Reflects currently updated customer credit scores.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Reflects deferred fees and costs, loans in process, loans to legal entities, etc.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes $0.3 billion of loans reflected as loans held for sale.    Impaired Loans    A loan is considered to be impaired when, based on current
information and events, it is probable that not all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will be collected. The following tables present the balance of the ALLL attributable to loans by portfolio segment individually
and collectively evaluated for impairment and the related loan and lease balance for the years ended December 31, 2013, and 2012 (1):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Commercial and Industrial 
   
    
 Commercial Real Estate 
   
    
 Automobile 
   
    
 Home Equity 
   
    
 Residential Mortgage 
   
    
 Other Consumer 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   ALLL at December 31, 2013: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portion of ALLL balance: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Attributable to purchased credit-impaired loans 
    
 $ 
  2,404 
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
    
 $ 
  36 
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
    
 $ 
  2,440 
   
 
   Attributable to loans individually evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 6,129 
   
    
   
 34,935 
   
    
   
 682 
   
    
   
 8,003 
   
    
   
 10,555 
   
    
   
 136 
   
    
   
 60,440 
   
 
   Attributable to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 257,268 
   
    
   
 127,622 
   
    
   
 30,371 
   
    
   
 103,128 
   
    
   
 28,986 
   
    
   
 37,615 
   
    
   
 584,990 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total ALLL balance 
    
 $ 
 265,801 
   
    
 $ 
 162,557 
   
    
 $ 
 31,053 
   
    
 $ 
 111,131 
   
    
 $ 
 39,577 
   
    
 $ 
 37,751 
   
    
 $ 
 647,870 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Loans and Leases at December 31, 2013: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Portion of loan and lease ending balance: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Attributable to purchased credit-impaired loans 
    
 $ 
 35,526 
   
    
 $ 
 82,073 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 2,498 
   
    
 $ 
 129 
   
    
 $ 
 120,226 
   
 
   Individually evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 108,316 
   
    
   
 268,362 
   
    
   
 37,084 
   
    
   
 208,981 
   
    
   
 387,937 
   
    
   
 1,041 
   
    
   
 1,011,721 
   
 
   Collectively evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 17,450,434 
   
    
   
 4,499,659 
   
    
   
 6,601,629 
   
    
   
 8,127,337 
   
    
   
 4,930,653 
   
    
   
 378,841 
   
    
   
 41,988,553 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total loans evaluated for impairment 
    
 $ 
 17,594,276 
   
    
 $ 
 4,850,094 
   
    
 $ 
 6,638,713 
   
    
 $ 
 8,336,318 
   
    
 $ 
 5,321,088 
   
    
 $ 
 380,011 
   
    
 $ 
 43,120,500 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Portion of ending balance: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   With allowance assigned to the loan and lease balances 
    
 $ 
 126,626 
   
    
 $ 
 187,836 
   
    
 $ 
 37,084 
   
    
 $ 
 208,981 
   
    
 $ 
 390,435 
   
    
 $ 
 1,041 
   
    
 $ 
 952,003 
   
 
   With no allowance assigned to the loan and lease balances 
    
   
 17,216 
   
    
   
 162,599 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 129 
   
    
   
 179,944 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 143,842 
   
    
 $ 
 350,435 
   
    
 $ 
 37,084 
   
    
 $ 
 208,981 
   
    
 $ 
 390,435 
   
    
 $ 
 1,170 
   
    
 $ 
 1,131,947 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Average balance of impaired loans 
    
 $ 
 166,173 
   
    
 $ 
 365,053 
   
    
 $ 
 39,861 
   
    
 $ 
 162,170 
   
    
 $ 
 379,815 
   
    
 $ 
 2,248 
   
    
 $ 
 1,115,320 
   
 
   ALLL on impaired loans 
    
   
 8,533 
   
    
   
 34,935 
   
    
   
 682 
   
    
   
 8,003 
   
    
   
 10,591 
   
    
   
 136 
   
    
   
 62,880 
   
      116
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 Commercial and Industrial 
   
    
 Commercial Real Estate 
   
    
 Automobile 
   
    
 Home Equity 
   
    
 Residential Mortgage 
   
    
 Other Consumer 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   ALLL at December 31, 2012: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Portion of ending balance: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Attributable to loans individually evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 11,694 
   
    
   
 31,133 
   
    
   
 1,446 
   
    
   
 4,783 
   
    
   
 14,176 
   
    
   
 213 
   
    
   
 63,445 
   
 
   Attributable to loans collectively evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 229,357 
   
    
   
 254,236 
   
    
   
 33,533 
   
    
   
 113,981 
   
    
   
 47,482 
   
    
   
 27,041 
   
    
   
 705,630 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total ALLL balance 
    
 $ 
 241,051 
   
    
 $ 
 285,369 
   
    
 $ 
 34,979 
   
    
 $ 
 118,764 
   
    
 $ 
 61,658 
   
    
 $ 
 27,254 
   
    
 $ 
 769,075 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Loans and Leases at December 31, 2012: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Portion of ending balance: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Attributable to purchased credit-impaired loans 
    
 $ 
 54,472 
   
    
 $ 
 126,923 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 2,243 
   
    
 $ 
 140 
   
    
 $ 
 183,778 
   
 
   Individually evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 119,535 
   
    
   
 298,891 
   
    
   
 43,607 
   
    
   
 117,532 
   
    
   
 374,526 
   
    
   
 2,657 
   
    
   
 956,748 
   
 
   Collectively evaluated for impairment 
    
   
 16,796,682 
   
    
   
 4,973,426 
   
    
   
 4,590,213 
   
    
   
 8,217,810 
   
    
   
 4,592,903 
   
    
   
 416,865 
   
    
   
 39,587,899 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total loans evaluated for impairment 
    
 $ 
 16,970,689 
   
    
 $ 
 5,399,240 
   
    
 $ 
 4,633,820 
   
    
 $ 
 8,335,342 
   
    
 $ 
 4,969,672 
   
    
 $ 
 419,662 
   
    
 $ 
 40,728,425 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Portion of ending balance: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   With allowance assigned to the loan and lease balances 
    
 $ 
  86,644 
   
    
 $ 
  193,413 
   
    
 $ 
  43,607 
   
    
 $ 
  117,532 
   
    
 $ 
  374,526 
   
    
 $ 
  2,657 
   
    
 $ 
  818,379 
   
 
   With no allowance assigned to the loan and lease balances 
    
   
 87,363 
   
    
   
 232,401 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,243 
   
    
   
 140 
   
    
   
 322,147 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 174,007 
   
    
 $ 
 425,814 
   
    
 $ 
 43,607 
   
    
 $ 
 117,532 
   
    
 $ 
 376,769 
   
    
 $ 
 2,797 
   
    
 $ 
 1,140,526 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Average balance of impaired loans 
    
 $ 
 179,692 
   
    
 $ 
 474,362 
   
    
 $ 
 39,139 
   
    
 $ 
 79,523 
   
    
 $ 
 348,727 
   
    
 $ 
 4,448 
   
    
 $ 
 1,125,891 
   
 
   ALLL on impaired loans 
    
   
 11,694 
   
    
   
 31,133 
   
    
   
 1,446 
   
    
   
 4,783 
   
    
   
 14,176 
   
    
   
 213 
   
    
   
 63,445 
   
 
      117
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following tables present by class the ending, unpaid principal balance, and the related
ALLL, along with the average balance and interest income recognized only for loans and leases individually evaluated for impairment and purchased credit-impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 (1), (2):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Ending Balance 
   
    
 Unpaid Principal Balance (5) 
   
    
 Related Allowance 
   
    
 Average Balance 
   
    
 Interest Income Recognized 
   


 
   With no related allowance recorded: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 5,332 
   
    
 $ 
 5,373 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 4,473 
   
    
 $ 
 172 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 11,884 
   
    
   
 15,031 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 13,117 
   
    
   
 640 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 17,216 
   
    
 $ 
 20,404 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 17,590 
   
    
 $ 
 812 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 55,773 
   
    
 $ 
 64,780 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 46,764 
   
    
 $ 
 2,450 
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,627 
   
    
   
 220 
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 9,069 
   
    
   
 13,721 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 12,151 
   
    
   
 1,161 
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 9,682 
   
    
   
 10,803 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 10,586 
   
    
   
 595 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 82,073 
   
    
   
 154,869 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 104,513 
   
    
   
 10,875 
   
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 6,002 
   
    
   
 6,924 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7,954 
   
    
   
 434 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 162,599 
   
    
 $ 
 251,097 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 185,595 
   
    
 $ 
 15,735 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Other consumer: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 129 
   
    
   
 219 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 137 
   
    
   
 17 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other consumer 
    
 $ 
 129 
   
    
 $ 
 219 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 137 
   
    
 $ 
 17 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   With an allowance recorded: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and industrial: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 40,271 
   
    
 $ 
 52,810 
   
    
 $ 
 3,421 
   
    
 $ 
 41,469 
   
    
 $ 
 1,390 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 35,526 
   
    
   
 50,798 
   
    
   
 2,404 
   
    
   
 47,442 
   
    
   
 4,708 
   
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 50,829 
    
    
   
 64,497 
    
    
   
 2,708 
    
    
   
 59,672 
    
    
   
 3,242 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 126,626 
   
    
 $ 
 168,105 
   
    
 $ 
 8,533 
   
    
 $ 
 148,583 
   
    
 $ 
 9,340 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate: (4) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 72,339 
   
    
 $ 
 93,395 
   
    
 $ 
 5,984 
   
    
 $ 
 64,414 
   
    
 $ 
 1,936 
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 13,484 
   
    
   
 15,408 
   
    
   
 1,944 
   
    
   
 14,922 
   
    
   
 651 
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 50,307 
   
    
   
 54,921 
   
    
   
 9,927 
   
    
   
 48,113 
   
    
   
 1,808 
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 9,162 
   
    
   
 10,561 
   
    
   
 808 
   
    
   
 15,322 
   
    
   
 541 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 42,544 
   
    
   
 50,960 
   
    
   
 16,272 
   
    
   
 36,687 
   
    
   
 1,547 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 187,836 
   
    
 $ 
 225,245 
   
    
 $ 
 34,935 
   
    
 $ 
 179,458 
   
    
 $ 
 6,483 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
 37,084 
   
    
 $ 
 38,758 
   
    
 $ 
 682 
   
    
 $ 
 39,861 
   
    
 $ 
 2,955 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 110,024 
   
    
 $ 
 116,846 
   
    
 $ 
 2,396 
   
    
 $ 
 96,184 
   
    
 $ 
 4,116 
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 98,957 
   
    
   
 143,967 
   
    
   
 5,607 
   
    
   
 65,986 
   
    
   
 3,379 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
 $ 
 208,981 
   
    
 $ 
 260,813 
   
    
 $ 
 8,003 
   
    
 $ 
 162,170 
   
    
 $ 
 7,495 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage: (6) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 387,937 
   
    
 $ 
 427,924 
   
    
 $ 
 10,555 
   
    
 $ 
 377,530 
   
    
 $ 
 11,752 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 2,498 
   
    
   
 3,681 
   
    
   
 36 
   
    
   
 2,285 
   
    
   
 331 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 390,435 
   
    
 $ 
 431,605 
   
    
 $ 
 10,591 
   
    
 $ 
 379,815 
   
    
 $ 
 12,083 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 $ 
 1,041 
   
    
 $ 
 1,041 
   
    
 $ 
 136 
   
    
 $ 
 2,111 
   
    
 $ 
 116 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other consumer 
    
 $ 
 1,041 
   
    
 $ 
 1,041 
   
    
 $ 
 136 
   
    
 $ 
 2,111 
   
    
 $ 
 116 
   
 
      118
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Ending Balance 
   
    
 Unpaid Principal Balance (5) 
   
    
 Related Allowance 
   
    
 Average Balance 
   
    
 Interest Income Recognized 
   


 
   With no related allowance recorded: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and Industrial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 1,050 
   
    
 $ 
 1,091 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 4,246 
   
    
 $ 
 77 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 54,472 
   
    
   
 80,294 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 57,602 
   
    
   
 2,359 
   
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 31,841 
   
    
   
 54,520 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11,922 
   
    
   
 555 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 87,363 
   
    
 $ 
 135,905 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 73,770 
   
    
 $ 
 2,991 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 54,216 
   
    
 $ 
 56,569 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 51,939 
   
    
 $ 
 2,758 
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 5,719 
   
    
   
 5,862 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,631 
   
    
   
 353 
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 20,051 
   
    
   
 24,843 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6,734 
   
    
   
 405 
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 15,013 
   
    
   
 17,476 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 9,877 
   
    
   
 501 
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 126,923 
   
    
   
 226,093 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 141,278 
   
    
   
 5,497 
   
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 10,479 
   
    
   
 10,728 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 15,125 
   
    
   
 501 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 232,401 
   
    
 $ 
 341,571 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 230,584 
   
    
 $ 
 10,015 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Residential mortgage: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 2,243 
   
    
   
 4,104 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,521 
   
    
   
 97 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 2,243 
   
    
 $ 
 4,104 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 3,521 
   
    
 $ 
 97 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Purchased credit-impaired 
    
   
 140 
   
    
   
 245 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 622 
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other consumer 
    
 $ 
 140 
   
    
 $ 
 245 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 622 
   
    
 $ 
 6 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   With an allowance recorded: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial and Industrial: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Owner occupied 
    
 $ 
 46,266 
   
    
 $ 
 56,925 
   
    
 $ 
 5,730 
   
    
 $ 
 40,029 
   
    
 $ 
 1,327 
   
 
   Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 40,378 
   
    
   
 52,996 
   
    
   
 5,964 
   
    
   
 65,893 
   
    
   
 2,304 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial and industrial 
    
 $ 
 86,644 
   
    
 $ 
 109,921 
   
    
 $ 
 11,694 
   
    
 $ 
 105,922 
   
    
 $ 
 3,631 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commercial real estate: (4) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retail properties 
    
 $ 
 65,004 
   
    
 $ 
 73,000 
   
    
 $ 
 8,144 
   
    
 $ 
 107,842 
   
    
 $ 
 4,730 
   
 
   Multi family 
    
   
 17,410 
   
    
   
 18,531 
   
    
   
 2,662 
   
    
   
 27,953 
   
    
   
 1,371 
   
 
   Office 
    
   
 40,375 
   
    
   
 45,164 
   
    
   
 9,214 
   
    
   
 18,751 
   
    
   
 379 
   
 
   Industrial and warehouse 
    
   
 22,450 
   
    
   
 25,374 
   
    
   
 1,092 
   
    
   
 24,454 
   
    
   
 717 
   
 
   Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 48,174 
   
    
   
 63,148 
   
    
   
 10,021 
   
    
   
 64,778 
   
    
   
 2,413 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial real estate 
    
 $ 
 193,413 
   
    
 $ 
 225,217 
   
    
 $ 
 31,133 
   
    
 $ 
 243,778 
   
    
 $ 
 9,610 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Automobile 
    
 $ 
 43,607 
   
    
 $ 
 44,790 
   
    
 $ 
 1,446 
   
    
 $ 
 39,139 
   
    
 $ 
 3,382 
   
 
   Home equity loans and lines-of-credit: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Secured by first-lien 
    
 $ 
 76,258 
   
    
 $ 
 80,831 
   
    
 $ 
 1,329 
   
    
 $ 
 54,898 
   
    
 $ 
 2,651 
   
 
   Secured by junior-lien 
    
   
 41,274 
   
    
   
 63,390 
   
    
   
 3,454 
   
    
   
 24,625 
   
    
   
 1,382 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total home equity 
    
 $ 
 117,532 
   
    
 $ 
 144,221 
   
    
 $ 
 4,783 
   
    
 $ 
 79,523 
   
    
 $ 
 4,033 
   
 
   Residential mortgage: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 374,526 
   
    
 $ 
 413,583 
   
    
 $ 
 14,176 
   
    
 $ 
 345,206 
   
    
 $ 
 11,420 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total residential mortgage 
    
 $ 
 374,526 
   
    
 $ 
 413,583 
   
    
 $ 
 14,176 
   
    
 $ 
 345,206 
   
    
 $ 
 11,420 
   
 
   Other consumer: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer 
    
 $ 
 2,657 
   
    
 $ 
 2,657 
   
    
 $ 
 213 
   
    
 $ 
 3,826 
   
    
 $ 
 126 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other consumer 
    
 $ 
 2,657 
   
    
 $ 
 2,657 
   
    
 $ 
 213 
   
    
 $ 
 3,826 
   
    
 $ 
 126 
   
 
      119
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (1) 
 These tables do not include loans fully charged-off.  
 
 
 (2) 
 All automobile, home equity, residential mortgage, and other consumer impaired loans included in these tables are considered impaired due to their status as a TDR.
 
 
 
 (3) 
 At December 31, 2013, $43,805 thousand of the $126,626 thousand C&I loans with an allowance recorded were considered impaired due to their status as a TDR. At
December 31, 2012, $44,265 thousand of the $86,644 thousand C&I loans with an allowance recorded were considered impaired due to their status as a TDR.  
 
 
 (4) 
 At December 31, 2013, $24,805 thousand of the $187,836 thousand CRE loans with an allowance recorded were considered impaired due to their status as a TDR. At
December 31, 2012, $31,605 thousand of the $193,413 thousand CRE loans with an allowance recorded were considered impaired due to their status as a TDR.  
 
 
 (5) 
 The differences between the ending balance and unpaid principal balance amounts represent partial charge-offs.  
 
 
 (6) 
 At December 31, 2013, $49,225 thousand of the $390,435 thousand residential mortgage loans with an allowance recorded were guaranteed by the U.S. government. At
December 31, 2012, $28,695 thousand of the $374,526 thousand residential mortgage loans with an allowance recorded were guaranteed by the U.S. government.    TDR Loans    TDRs are modified loans where a concession was provided to a
borrower experiencing financial difficulties. Loan modifications are considered TDRs when the concessions provided are not available to the borrower through either normal channels or other sources. However, not all loan modifications are TDRs.
   The amount of interest that would have been recorded under the original terms for total accruing TDR loans was $43.9 million,
$41.2 million, and $37.7 million for 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. The total amount of interest recorded to interest income for these loans was $35.7 million, $32.2 million, and $28.2 million for 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.  
 TDR Concession Types  
 The Company’s standards relating to loan modifications consider, among other factors, minimum verified income requirements, cash flow
analysis, and collateral valuations. Each potential loan modification is reviewed individually and the terms of the loan are modified to meet a borrower’s specific circumstances at a point in time. All commercial TDRs are reviewed and approved
by our SAD. The types of concessions provided to borrowers include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Interest rate reduction: A reduction of the stated interest rate to a nonmarket rate for the remaining original life of the debt.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Amortization or maturity date change beyond what the collateral supports, including any of the following:  
   
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Lengthens the amortization period of the amortized principal beyond market terms. This concession reduces the minimum monthly payment and increases the amount of the
balloon payment at the end of the term of the loan. Principal is generally not forgiven.  
      120
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 (2) 
 Reduces the amount of loan principal to be amortized and increases the amount of the balloon payment at the end of the term of the loan. This concession also reduces
the minimum monthly payment. Principal is generally not forgiven.      
 
 
   
 (3) 
 Extends the maturity date or dates of the debt beyond what the collateral supports. This concession generally applies to loans without a balloon payment at the end of
the term of the loan.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy: A bankruptcy court’s discharge of a borrower’s debt is considered a concession when the borrower does not reaffirm the
discharged debt.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Other: A concession that is not categorized as one of the concessions described above. These concessions include, but are not limited to: principal
forgiveness, collateral concessions, covenant concessions, and reduction of accrued interest. Principal forgiveness may result from any TDR modification of any concession type. However, the aggregate amount of principal forgiven as a result of loans
modified as TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, was not significant.    Following is
a description of TDRs by the different loan types:    Commercial loan TDRs  – Commercial accruing TDRs often
result from loans receiving a concession with terms that are not considered a market transaction to Huntington. The TDR remains in accruing status as long as the customer is less than 90-days past due on payments per the restructured loan terms and
no loss is expected.    Commercial nonaccrual TDRs result from either: (1) an accruing commercial TDR being
placed on nonaccrual status, or (2) a workout where an existing commercial NAL is restructured and a concession was given. At times, these workouts restructure the NAL so that two or more new notes are created. The primary note is underwritten
based upon our normal underwriting standards and is sized so projected cash flows are sufficient to repay contractual principal and interest. The terms on the secondary note(s) vary by situation, and may include notes that defer principal and
interest payments until after the primary note is repaid. Creating two or more notes often allows the borrower to continue a project or weather a temporary economic downturn and allows Huntington to right-size a loan based upon the current
expectations for a borrower’s or project’s performance.    Our strategy involving TDR borrowers
includes working with these borrowers to allow them to refinance elsewhere, as well as allow them time to improve their financial position and remain our customer through refinancing their notes according to market terms and conditions in the
future. A subsequent refinancing or modification of a loan may occur when either the loan matures according to the terms of the TDR-modified agreement or the borrower requests a change to the loan agreements. At that time, the loan is evaluated
to determine if it is creditworthy. It is subjected to the normal underwriting standards and processes for other similar credit extensions, both new and existing. The refinanced note is evaluated to determine if it is considered a new loan or a
continuation of the prior loan. A new loan is considered for removal of the TDR designation, whereas a continuation of the prior note requires a continuation of the TDR designation. In order for a TDR designation to be removed, the
borrower must no longer be experiencing financial difficulties and the terms of the refinanced loan must not represent a concession.   Residential Mortgage loan TDRs  – Residential mortgage TDRs represent loan modifications associated with traditional first-lien mortgage loans in which a concession has been provided to
the borrower. The primary concessions given to residential mortgage borrowers are amortization or maturity date changes and interest rate reductions. Residential mortgages identified as TDRs involve borrowers unable to refinance their mortgages
through the Company’s normal mortgage origination channels or through other independent sources. Some, but not all, of the loans may be delinquent.    Automobile, Home Equity, and Other Consumer loan TDRs  – The Company may make similar interest rate, term, and principal concessions as with residential mortgage loan TDRs.  
 TDR Impact on Credit Quality    Huntington’s ALLL is largely determined by updated risk ratings assigned to commercial loans, updated borrower credit scores on consumer loans, and borrower delinquency history in both the commercial
and consumer portfolios. These updated risk ratings and credit scores consider the default history of the borrower, including payment redefaults. As such, the provision for credit losses is impacted primarily by changes in borrower payment
performance rather than the TDR classification. TDRs can be classified as either accrual or nonaccrual loans. Nonaccrual TDRs are included in NALs whereas accruing TDRs are excluded from NALs as it is probable that all contractual principal and
interest due under the restructured terms will be collected.    Our TDRs may include multiple concessions and the disclosure
classifications are presented based on the primary concession provided to the borrower. The majority of our concessions for the C&I and CRE portfolios are the extension of the maturity date coupled with an increase in the interest rate. In these
instances, the primary concession is the maturity date extension.  
      121
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  TDR concessions may also result in the reduction of the ALLL within the C&I and CRE
portfolios. This reduction is derived from payments and the resulting application of the reserve calculation within the ALLL. The transaction reserve for non-TDR C&I and CRE loans is calculated based upon several estimated probability
factors, such as PD and LGD, both of which were previously discussed. Upon the occurrence of a TDR in our C&I and CRE portfolios, the reserve is measured based on discounted expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated selling
costs, of the modified loan in accordance with ASC 310-10. The resulting TDR ALLL calculation often results in a lower ALLL amount because (1) the discounted expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated selling costs, indicate
a lower estimated loss, (2) if the modification includes a rate increase, the discounting of the cash flows on the modified loan, using the pre-modification interest rate, exceeds the carrying value of the loan, or (3) payments may occur
as part of the modification. The ALLL for C&I and CRE loans may increase as a result of the modification, as the discounted cash flow analysis may indicate additional reserves are required.  
 TDR concessions on consumer loans may increase the ALLL. The concessions made to these borrowers often include interest rate
reductions, and therefore, the TDR ALLL calculation results in a greater ALLL compared with the non-TDR calculation as the reserve is measured based on the estimation of the discounted expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated
selling costs, on the modified loan in accordance with ASC 310-10. The resulting TDR ALLL calculation often results in a higher ALLL amount because (1) the discounted expected cash flows or collateral value, less anticipated selling costs,
indicate a higher estimated loss or, (2) due to the rate decrease, the discounting of the cash flows on the modified loan, using the pre-modification interest rate, indicates a reduction in the expected cash flows or collateral value, less
anticipated selling costs. In certain instances, the ALLL may decrease as a result of payments made in connection with the modification.    Commercial loan TDRs  – In instances where the bank substantiates that it will collect its outstanding balance in full, the note is considered for return to accrual status upon the
borrower sustaining sufficient cash flows for a six-month period of time. This six-month period could extend before or after the restructure date. If a charge-off was taken as part of the restructuring, any interest or principal payments received on
that note are applied to first reduce the bank’s outstanding book balance and then to recoveries of charged-off principal, unpaid interest, and/or fee expenses while the TDR is in nonaccrual status.  
 Residential Mortgage, Automobile, Home Equity, and Other Consumer loan TDRs  – Modified loans identified as TDRs are
aggregated into pools for analysis. Cash flows and weighted average interest rates are used to calculate impairment at the pooled-loan level. Once the loans are aggregated into the pool, they continue to be classified as TDRs until contractually
repaid or charged-off.    Residential mortgage loans not guaranteed by a U.S. government agency such as the FHA, VA, and the
USDA, including TDR loans, are reported as accrual or nonaccrual based upon delinquency status. Nonaccrual TDRs are those that are greater than 150-days contractually past due. Loans guaranteed by U.S. government organizations continue to accrue
interest upon delinquency.    The following table presents by class and by the reason for the modification the number of
contracts, post-modification outstanding balance, and the financial effects of the modification for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
      122
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 New Troubled Debt Restructurings During The Year Ended (1) 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Number of Contracts 
   
    
 Post-modification Outstanding Ending Balance 
   
    
 Financial effects of modification (2) 
   
   
 Number of Contracts 
   
    
 Post-modification Outstanding Balance 
   
    
 Financial effects of modification (2) 
   


 
   C&I—Owner occupied: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 22 
   
    
 $ 
 6,601 
   
    
 $ 
 (466 
 )  
   
   
 28 
   
    
 $ 
 10,501 
   
    
 $ 
 145 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 64 
   
    
   
 15,662 
   
    
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 95 
   
    
   
 23,337 
   
    
   
 660 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 7,367 
   
    
   
 337 
   
   
   
 16 
   
    
   
 4,923 
   
    
   
 1,089 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total C&I—Owner occupied 
    
   
 102 
   
    
 $ 
 29,630 
   
    
 $ 
 (141 
 )  
   
   
 139 
   
    
 $ 
 38,761 
   
    
 $ 
 1,894 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   C&I—Other commercial and industrial: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 26 
   
    
 $ 
 75,447 
   
    
 $ 
 (1,040 
 )  
   
   
 27 
   
    
 $ 
 7,436 
   
    
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 120 
   
    
   
 53,340 
   
    
   
 1,295 
   
   
   
 141 
   
    
   
 76,814 
   
    
   
 (3,037 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 35 
   
    
   
 18,290 
   
    
   
 (1,163 
 )  
   
   
 32 
   
    
   
 37,202 
   
    
   
 1,265 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total C&I—Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 181 
   
    
 $ 
 147,077 
   
    
 $ 
 (908 
 )  
   
   
 200 
   
    
 $ 
 121,452 
   
    
 $ 
 (1,774 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Retail properties: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 4 
   
    
 $ 
 1,116 
   
    
 $ 
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 9 
   
    
 $ 
 6,883 
   
    
 $ 
 957 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 21 
   
    
   
 27,550 
   
    
   
 4,159 
   
   
   
 15 
   
    
   
 4,472 
   
    
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 12 
   
    
   
 19,842 
   
    
   
 (558 
 )  
   
   
 3 
   
    
   
 1,680 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Retail properties 
    
   
 37 
   
    
 $ 
 48,508 
   
    
 $ 
 3,593 
   
   
   
 27 
   
    
 $ 
 13,035 
   
    
 $ 
 931 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Multi family: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 10 
   
    
 $ 
 4,444 
   
    
 $ 
 7 
   
   
   
 11 
   
    
 $ 
 1,288 
   
    
 $ 
 (27 
 )  
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 2,345 
   
    
   
 415 
   
   
   
 32 
   
    
   
 3,554 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 8,085 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 7 
   
    
   
 7,961 
   
    
   
 668 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Multi family 
    
   
 31 
   
    
 $ 
 14,874 
   
    
 $ 
 420 
   
   
   
 50 
   
    
 $ 
 12,803 
   
    
 $ 
 640 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Office: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 7 
   
    
 $ 
 6,504 
   
    
 $ 
 1,656 
   
   
   
 4 
   
    
 $ 
 4,155 
   
    
 $ 
 (236 
 )  
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 12,388 
   
    
   
 91 
   
   
   
 12 
   
    
   
 40,152 
   
    
   
 4,199 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 7,044 
   
    
   
 655 
   
   
   
 6 
   
    
   
 1,637 
   
    
   
 276 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Office 
    
   
 29 
   
    
 $ 
 25,936 
   
    
 $ 
 2,402 
   
   
   
 22 
   
    
 $ 
 45,944 
   
    
 $ 
 4,239 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Industrial and warehouse: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 2,682 
   
    
 $ 
 (476 
 )  
   
   
 3 
   
    
 $ 
 7,470 
   
    
 $ 
 (296 
 )  
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 4,069 
   
    
   
 (185 
 )  
   
   
 16 
   
    
   
 34,613 
   
    
   
 (3,857 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 5,867 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1,047 
   
    
   
 (30 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Industrial and Warehouse 
    
   
 11 
   
    
 $ 
 12,618 
   
    
 $ 
 (661 
 )  
   
   
 20 
   
    
 $ 
 43,130 
   
    
 $ 
 (4,183 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Other commercial real estate: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 19 
   
    
 $ 
 10,996 
   
    
 $ 
 96 
   
   
   
 10 
   
    
 $ 
 2,944 
   
    
 $ 
 (288 
 )  
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 21 
   
    
   
 17,851 
   
    
   
 4,923 
   
   
   
 48 
   
    
   
 80,672 
   
    
   
 4,090 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 9,735 
   
    
   
 (101 
 )  
   
   
 6 
   
    
   
 10,030 
   
    
   
 (2,024 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 53 
   
    
 $ 
 38,582 
   
    
 $ 
 4,918 
   
   
   
 64 
   
    
 $ 
 93,646 
   
    
 $ 
 1,778 
   
 
      123
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Automobile : (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 14 
   
    
 $ 
 106 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
   
 40 
   
    
 $ 
 368 
   
    
 $ 
 4 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 1,659 
   
    
   
 9,420 
   
    
   
 (76 
 )  
   
   
 1,910 
   
    
   
 13,186 
   
    
   
 (103 
 )  
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 1,313 
   
    
   
 7,748 
   
    
   
 301 
   
   
   
 2,104 
   
    
   
 12,423 
   
    
   
 1,866 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Automobile 
    
   
 2,986 
   
    
 $ 
 17,274 
   
    
 $ 
 225 
   
   
   
 4,054 
   
    
 $ 
 25,977 
   
    
 $ 
 1,767 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Residential mortgage: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 65 
   
    
 $ 
 11,662 
   
    
 $ 
 3 
   
   
   
 25 
   
    
 $ 
 8,795 
   
    
 $ 
 (40 
 )  
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 442 
   
    
   
 58,344 
   
    
   
 384 
   
   
   
 482 
   
    
   
 65,336 
   
    
   
 1,394 
   
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 458 
   
    
   
 39,813 
   
    
   
 1,345 
   
   
   
 583 
   
    
   
 45,193 
   
    
   
 4,854 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 1,837 
   
    
   
 39 
   
   
   
 15 
   
    
   
 1,836 
   
    
   
 81 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Residential mortgage 
    
   
 982 
   
    
 $ 
 111,656 
   
    
 $ 
 1,771 
   
   
   
 1,105 
   
    
 $ 
 121,160 
   
    
 $ 
 6,289 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   First-lien home equity: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 134 
   
    
 $ 
 12,244 
   
    
 $ 
 1,149 
   
   
   
 222 
   
    
 $ 
 28,381 
   
    
 $ 
 4,424 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 279 
   
    
   
 19,280 
   
    
   
 (1,084 
 )  
   
   
 130 
   
    
   
 10,468 
   
    
   
 (49 
 )  
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 257 
   
    
   
 14,987 
   
    
   
 748 
   
   
   
 188 
   
    
   
 8,317 
   
    
   
 4,244 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total First-lien home equity 
    
   
 670 
   
    
 $ 
 46,511 
   
    
 $ 
 813 
   
   
   
 540 
   
    
 $ 
 47,166 
   
    
 $ 
 8,619 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Junior-lien home equity: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 25 
   
    
 $ 
 1,179 
   
    
 $ 
 190 
   
   
   
 60 
   
    
 $ 
 3,023 
   
    
 $ 
 494 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 1,491 
   
    
   
 55,389 
   
    
   
 (5,431 
 )  
   
   
 390 
   
    
   
 15,040 
   
    
   
 (432 
 )  
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 1,564 
   
    
   
 15,303 
   
    
   
 33,623 
   
   
   
 1,241 
   
    
   
 13,347 
   
    
   
 18,564 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7 
   
    
   
 288 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Junior-lien home equity 
    
   
 3,080 
   
    
 $ 
 71,871 
   
    
 $ 
 28,382 
   
   
   
 1,698 
   
    
 $ 
 31,698 
   
    
 $ 
 18,626 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer: (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 5 
   
    
 $ 
 306 
   
    
 $ 
 48 
   
   
   
 14 
   
    
 $ 
 305 
   
    
 $ 
 32 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 11 
   
    
   
 117 
   
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 27 
   
    
   
 2,150 
   
    
   
 (111 
 )  
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 36 
   
    
   
 565 
   
    
   
 29 
   
   
   
 14 
   
    
   
 198 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Total Other consumer 
    
   
 52 
   
    
 $ 
 988 
   
    
 $ 
 82 
   
   
   
 55 
   
    
 $ 
 2,653 
   
    
 $ 
 (79 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total new troubled debt restructurings 
    
   
 8,214 
   
    
 $ 
 565,525 
   
    
 $ 
 40,896 
   
   
   
 7,974 
   
    
 $ 
 597,425 
   
    
 $ 
 38,747 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 TDRs may include multiple concessions and the disclosure classifications are based on the primary concession provided to the borrower.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts represent the financial impact via provision (recovery) for loan and lease losses as a result of the modification.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Post-modification balances approximate pre-modification balances. The aggregate amount of charge-offs as a result of a restructuring are not significant.
 
      124
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents TDRs that have redefaulted within one year of modification
during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Troubled Debt Restructurings That Have Redefaulted 
   
 
   
    
 Within One Year of Modification During The Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 31,
2013 (1) 
   
    
 December 31,
2012 (1) 
   
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Number of Contracts 
   
    
 Ending Balance 
   
    
 Number of Contracts 
   
    
 Ending Balance 
   


 
   C&I—Owner occupied: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
    
   
 4 
    
    
 $ 
  1,390 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 1,144 
   
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 2,380 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 1,221 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total C&I—Owner occupied 
    
   
 17 
   
    
 $ 
 2,365 
   
    
   
 17 
   
    
 $ 
 3,770 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   C&I—Other commercial and industrial: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
 $ 
 401 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 476 
   
    
   
 14 
   
    
   
 609 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 387 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total C&I—Other commercial and industrial 
    
   
 17 
   
    
 $ 
 476 
   
    
   
 20 
   
    
 $ 
 1,397 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Retail Properties: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 302 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 993 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 372 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 186 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Retail properties 
    
   
 6 
   
    
 $ 
 1,481 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
 $ 
 372 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Multi family: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
 $ 
 1,236 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 225 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 343 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Multi family 
    
   
 2 
   
    
 $ 
 225 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
 $ 
 1,579 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Office: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 1,131 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Office 
    
   
 2 
   
    
 $ 
 1,131 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Industrial and Warehouse: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 361 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 413 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 726 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Industrial and Warehouse 
    
   
 2 
   
    
 $ 
 1,087 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 413 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CRE—Other commercial real estate: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 898 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 774 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 646 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total CRE—Other commercial real estate 
    
   
 5 
   
    
 $ 
 779 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
 $ 
 1,544 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Automobile: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 112 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 37 
   
    
   
 380 
   
    
   
 132 
   
    
   
 69 
   
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 137 
   
    
   
 617 
   
    
   
 34 
   
    
   
 149 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Automobile 
    
   
 175 
   
    
 $ 
 1,109 
   
    
   
 170 
   
    
 $ 
 218 
   
      125
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Residential mortgage: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 4 
   
    
 $ 
 424 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
 $ 
 61 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 78 
   
    
   
 11,263 
   
    
   
 100 
   
    
   
 13,574 
   
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 71 
   
    
   
 6,647 
   
    
   
 30 
   
    
   
 4,085 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 418 
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 804 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Residential mortgage 
    
   
 155 
   
    
 $ 
 18,752 
   
    
   
 139 
   
    
 $ 
 18,524 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   First-lien home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 87 
   
    
   
 11 
   
    
 $ 
 932 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 629 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 503 
   
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 1,235 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 124 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total First-lien home equity 
    
   
 23 
   
    
 $ 
 1,951 
   
    
   
 18 
   
    
 $ 
 1,559 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Junior-lien home equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
 $ 
 112 
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 9 
   
    
   
 478 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 99 
   
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 40 
   
    
   
 718 
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 30 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Junior-lien home equity 
    
   
 50 
   
    
 $ 
 1,196 
   
    
   
 12 
   
    
 $ 
 241 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other consumer: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate reduction 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Amortization or maturity date change 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Chapter 7 bankruptcy 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 96 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Other consumer 
    
   
 3 
   
    
 $ 
 96 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total troubled debt restructurings with subsequent redefault 
    
   
 457 
   
    
 $ 
 30,648 
   
    
   
 393 
   
    
 $ 
 29,617 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Subsequent redefault is defined as a payment redefault within 12 months of the restructuring date. Payment redefault is defined as 90-days past due for any loan in any
portfolio or class. Any loan in any portfolio may be considered to be in payment redefault prior to the guidelines noted above when collection of principal or interest is in doubt.  
      126
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Pledged Loans and Leases    The Bank has access to the Federal Reserve’s discount window and advances from the FHLB – Cincinnati. At December 31, 2013, these borrowings and advances are secured by $19.8 billion of
loans.  
  4. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE AND OTHER SECURITIES  
  Contractual maturities of available-for-sale and other securities as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 were:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amortized 
   
    
 Fair 
   
    
 Amortized 
   
    
 Fair 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Value 
   


 
   Under 1 year 
    
 $ 
 263,366 
   
    
 $ 
 262,752 
   
    
 $ 
 60,054 
   
    
 $ 
 60,651 
   
 
   1—5 years 
    
   
 1,665,644 
   
    
   
 1,697,234 
   
    
   
 1,961,217 
   
    
   
 2,005,022 
   
 
   6—10 years 
    
   
 1,440,056 
   
    
   
 1,433,303 
   
    
   
 1,170,807 
   
    
   
 1,208,054 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 3,662,328 
   
    
   
 3,577,502 
   
    
   
 3,989,977 
   
    
   
 3,967,196 
   
 
   Other securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Nonmarketable equity securities 
    
   
 320,991 
   
    
   
 320,991 
   
    
   
 308,075 
   
    
   
 308,075 
   
 
   Marketable equity securities 
    
   
 16,522 
   
    
   
 16,971 
   
    
   
 16,877 
   
    
   
 17,177 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total available-for-sale and other securities 
    
 $ 
 7,368,907 
   
    
 $ 
 7,308,753 
   
    
 $ 
 7,507,007 
   
    
 $ 
 7,566,175 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Other securities at December 31, 2013 and 2012 include nonmarketable equity securities of $165.6
million of stock issued by the FHLB of Cincinnati, none and $3.5 million, respectively, of stock issued by the FHLB of Indianapolis, and $155.4 million and $139.0 million, of Federal Reserve Bank stock, respectively. Nonmarketable equity securities
are recorded at amortized cost. Other securities also include marketable equity securities.    The following tables provide
amortized cost, fair value, and gross unrealized gains and losses recognized in OCI by investment category at December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Amortized 
   
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Fair 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Gains 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   


 
   December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury 
    
 $ 
 51,301 
   
    
 $ 
 303 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 51,604 
   
 
   Federal agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 3,562,444 
   
    
   
 42,319 
   
    
   
 (38,542 
 )  
   
   
 3,566,221 
   
 
   Other agencies 
    
   
 313,877 
   
    
   
 6,105 
   
    
   
 (94 
 )  
   
   
 319,888 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. government backed securities 
    
   
 3,927,622 
   
    
   
 48,727 
   
    
   
 (38,636 
 )  
   
   
 3,937,713 
   
 
   Municipal securities (1) 
    
   
 1,140,263 
   
    
   
 18,825 
   
    
   
 (13,096 
 )  
   
   
 1,145,992 
   
 
   Private-label CMO 
    
   
 51,238 
   
    
   
 1,188 
   
    
   
 (3,322 
 )  
   
   
 49,104 
   
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 1,172,284 
   
    
   
 6,771 
   
    
   
 (88,015 
 )  
   
   
 1,091,040 
   
 
   Covered bonds 
    
   
 280,595 
   
    
   
 5,279 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 285,874 
   
 
   Corporate debt 
    
   
 455,493 
   
    
   
 11,241 
   
    
   
 (9,494 
 )  
   
   
 457,240 
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 341,412 
   
    
   
 511 
   
    
   
 (133 
 )  
   
   
 341,790 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total available-for-sale and other securities 
    
 $ 
 7,368,907 
   
    
 $ 
 92,542 
   
    
 $ 
 (152,696 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,308,753 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      127
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Amortized 
   
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Fair 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Gains 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   


 
   December 31, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury 
    
 $ 
 51,620 
   
    
 $ 
 691 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 52,311 
   
 
   Federal agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 4,149,964 
   
    
   
 114,984 
   
    
   
 (278 
 )  
   
   
 4,264,670 
   
 
   Other agencies 
    
   
 348,846 
   
    
   
 10,781 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 359,626 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. government backed securities 
    
   
 4,550,430 
   
    
   
 126,456 
   
    
   
 (279 
 )  
   
   
 4,676,607 
   
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 489,080 
   
    
   
 13,927 
   
    
   
 (2,007 
 )  
   
   
 501,000 
   
 
   Private-label CMO 
    
   
 75,557 
   
    
   
 1,087 
   
    
   
 (5,076 
 )  
   
   
 71,568 
   
 
   Asset-backed securities (2) 
    
   
 1,126,315 
   
    
   
 16,287 
   
    
   
 (113,519 
 )  
   
   
 1,029,083 
   
 
   Covered bonds 
    
   
 282,080 
   
    
   
 8,545 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 290,625 
   
 
   Corporate debt 
    
   
 654,693 
   
    
   
 15,301 
   
    
   
 (1,852 
 )  
   
   
 668,142 
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 328,852 
   
    
   
 333 
   
    
   
 (35 
 )  
   
   
 329,150 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total available-for-sale and other securities 
    
 $ 
 7,507,007 
   
    
 $ 
 181,936 
   
    
 $ 
 (122,768 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,566,175 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Effective December 31, 2013 approximately $600.4 million of direct purchase municipal instruments were reclassified from C&I loans to available-for-sale
securities.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts at December 31, 2012 include securities backed by automobile loans with a fair value of $3 million which meet the eligibility requirements for the Term
Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, administered by the Federal Reserve Bank.    The following tables provide
detail on investment securities with unrealized losses aggregated by investment category and the length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous loss position, at December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Less than 12 Months 
   
   
 Over 12 Months 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands ) 
    
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   


 
   December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Federal Agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 1,628,454 
   
    
   
 (37,174 
 )  
   
   
 12,682 
   
    
   
 (1,368 
 )  
   
   
 1,641,136 
   
    
   
 (38,542 
 )  
 
   Other agencies 
    
   
 2,069 
   
    
   
 (94 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,069 
   
    
   
 (94 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Government backed securities 
    
   
 1,630,523 
   
    
   
 (37,268 
 )  
   
   
 12,682 
   
    
   
 (1,368 
 )  
   
   
 1,643,205 
   
    
   
 (38,636 
 )  
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 551,114 
   
    
   
 (12,395 
 )  
   
   
 7,531 
   
    
   
 (701 
 )  
   
   
 558,645 
   
    
   
 (13,096 
 )  
 
   Private label CMO 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 22,639 
   
    
   
 (3,322 
 )  
   
   
 22,639 
   
    
   
 (3,322 
 )  
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 391,665 
   
    
   
 (9,720 
 )  
   
   
 107,419 
   
    
   
 (78,295 
 )  
   
   
 499,084 
   
    
   
 (88,015 
 )  
 
   Corporate debt 
    
   
 146,308 
   
    
   
 (7,729 
 )  
   
   
 26,155 
   
    
   
 (1,765 
 )  
   
   
 172,463 
   
    
   
 (9,494 
 )  
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 3,078 
   
    
   
 (72 
 )  
   
   
 2,530 
   
    
   
 (61 
 )  
   
   
 5,608 
   
    
   
 (133 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total temporarily impaired securities 
    
 $ 
 2,722,688 
   
    
 $ 
 (67,184 
 )  
   
 $ 
 178,956 
   
    
 $ 
 (85,512 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,901,644 
   
    
 $ 
 (152,696 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      128
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Less than 12 Months 
   
   
 Over 12 Months 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands ) 
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unrealized Losses 
   


 
   December 31, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Federal Agencies 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 44,836 
   
    
   
 (278 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 44,836 
   
    
   
 (278 
 )  
 
   Other agencies 
    
   
 801 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 801 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Government backed securities 
    
   
 45,637 
   
    
   
 (279 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 45,637 
   
    
   
 (279 
 )  
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 51,316 
   
    
   
 (2,007 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 51,316 
   
    
   
 (2,007 
 )  
 
   Private label CMO 
    
   
 22,793 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 34,617 
   
    
   
 (5,076 
 )  
   
   
 57,410 
   
    
   
 (5,076 
 )  
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 28,089 
   
    
   
 (73 
 )  
   
   
 108,660 
   
    
   
 (113,446 
 )  
   
   
 136,749 
   
    
   
 (113,519 
 )  
 
   Corporate debt 
    
   
 138,792 
   
    
   
 (1,472 
 )  
   
   
 119,620 
   
    
   
 (380 
 )  
   
   
 258,412 
   
    
   
 (1,852 
 )  
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,630 
   
    
   
 (35 
 )  
   
   
 1,630 
   
    
   
 (35 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total temporarily impaired securities 
    
 $ 
 286,627 
   
    
 $ 
 (3,831 
 )  
   
 $ 
 264,527 
   
    
 $ 
 (118,937 
 )  
   
 $ 
 551,154 
   
    
 $ 
 (122,768 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   At December 31, 2013, the carrying value of investment securities pledged to secure public and trust
deposits, trading account liabilities, U.S. Treasury demand notes, and security repurchase agreements totaled $2.6 billion. There were no securities of a single issuer, which are not governmental or government-sponsored, that exceeded 10% of
shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2013.    The following table is a summary of realized securities gains and losses
for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Gross gains on sales of securities 
    
 $ 
 2,932 
   
   
 $ 
 8,612 
   
   
 $ 
 18,641 
   
 
   Gross (losses) on sales of securities 
    
   
 (712 
 )  
   
   
 (2,224 
 )  
   
   
 (14,959 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net gain (loss) on sales of securities 
    
 $ 
 2,220 
   
   
 $ 
 6,388 
   
   
 $ 
 3,682 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Collateralized Debt Obligations and Private-Label CMO Securities  
 Our highest risk segments of our investment portfolio are the CDO and 2003-2006 vintage private-label CMO portfolios. Of the $49.1 million
of the private-label CMO securities reported at fair value at December 31, 2013, approximately $20.4 million are rated below investment grade. The CDOs are in the asset-backed securities portfolio. These segments are in run-off, and we have not
purchased these types of securities since 2008. The performance of the underlying securities in each of these segments reflects the deterioration of CDO issuers and 2003 to 2006 non-agency mortgages. Each of these securities in these two segments is
subjected to a rigorous review of its projected cash flows. These reviews are supported with analysis from independent third parties.    The following table presents the credit ratings for our CDO and private label CMO securities as of December 31, 2013 and 2012:    Credit Ratings of Selected Investment Securities      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
    
   
   
    
 Average Credit Rating of Fair Value Amount (1) 
   
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 AAA 
   
    
 AA +/- 
   
    
 A +/- 
   
    
 BBB +/- 
   
    
 <BBB- 
   


 
   Private-label CMO securities 
    
 $ 
 51,238 
   
    
 $ 
 49,104 
   
    
 $ 
 16,964 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 11,785 
   
    
 $ 
 20,355 
   
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
    
   
 161,730 
   
    
   
 84,136 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 17,855 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 66,281 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 212,968 
   
    
 $ 
 133,240 
   
    
 $ 
 16,964 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 17,855 
   
    
 $ 
 11,785 
   
    
 $ 
 86,636 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total at December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 299,029 
   
    
 $ 
 181,606 
   
    
 $ 
 22,793 
   
    
 $ 
 25,742 
   
    
 $ 
 35,763 
   
    
 $ 
 3,801 
   
    
 $ 
 93,507 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Credit ratings reflect the lowest current rating assigned by a nationally recognized credit rating agency.  
 Negative changes to the above credit ratings would generally result in an increase of our risk-weighted assets, and a reduction to our
regulatory capital ratios.    The fair values of the private label CMO and CDO assets have been impacted by various market
conditions. The unrealized losses were primarily the result of wider liquidity spreads on asset-backed securities and increased market volatility on non-agency mortgage and asset-backed securities that are collateralized by certain mortgage loans.
In addition, the expected average lives of the asset-backed securities backed by trust-preferred securities have been extended, due to changes in the expectations of when the underlying securities would be repaid. The contractual terms and / or cash
flows of the investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost. Huntington does not intend to sell, nor does it believe it will be required to sell these securities until the fair value is
recovered, which may be maturity and; therefore, does not consider them to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2013.  
      129
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table summarizes the relevant characteristics of our CDO securities portfolio,
which are included in asset-backed securities, at December 31, 2013 and 2012. Each security is part of a pool of issuers and supports a more senior tranche of securities except for the I-Pre TSL II, and MM Comm III securities which are the most
senior class.    Collateralized Debt Obligation Securities Data    (dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Deal Name 
    
 Par Value 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unrealized Loss (2) 
   
   
 Lowest Credit Rating (3) 
   
    
 # of Issuers Currently Performing/ Remaining (4) 
   
    
 Actual Deferrals and Defaults as a % of Original Collateral 
   
   
 Expected Defaults as a % of Remaining Performing Collateral 
   
   
 Excess Subordination (5) 
   


 
   Alesco II (1) 
    
 $ 
 41,646 
   
    
 $ 
 29,629 
   
    
 $ 
 12,756 
   
    
 $ 
 (16,873 
 )  
   
   
 C 
    
    
   
 29/33 
    
    
   
 10  
 %  
   
   
 9  
 %  
   
   
 —    
 %  
 
   ICONS 
    
   
 20,000 
   
    
   
 20,000 
   
    
   
 15,208 
   
    
   
 (4,792 
 )  
   
   
 BB 
   
    
   
 21/22 
    
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 52 
   
 
   I-Pre TSL II 
    
   
 20,059 
   
    
   
 20,009 
   
    
   
 17,855 
   
    
   
 (2,154 
 )  
   
   
 A 
   
    
   
 21/23 
    
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 78 
   
 
   MM Comm III 
    
   
 5,669 
   
    
   
 5,417 
   
    
   
 4,007 
   
    
   
 (1,410 
 )  
   
   
 BB 
   
    
   
 5/9 
    
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 33 
   
 
   Pre TSL IX 
    
   
 5,000 
   
    
   
 3,955 
   
    
   
 1,955 
   
    
   
 (2,000 
 )  
   
   
 C 
   
    
   
 29/43 
    
    
   
 20 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 4 
   
 
   Pre TSL XI (1) 
    
   
 25,000 
   
    
   
 21,098 
   
    
   
 8,130 
   
    
   
 (12,968 
 )  
   
   
 C 
   
    
   
 41/60 
    
    
   
 28 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Pre TSL XIII (1) 
    
   
 28,045 
   
    
   
 21,274 
   
    
   
 10,996 
   
    
   
 (10,278 
 )  
   
   
 C 
   
    
   
 43/61 
    
    
   
 29 
   
   
   
 23 
   
   
   
 4 
   
 
   Reg Diversified (1) 
    
   
 25,500 
   
    
   
 6,908 
   
    
   
 589 
   
    
   
 (6,319 
 )  
   
   
 D 
   
    
   
 23/42 
    
    
   
 40 
   
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Soloso (1) 
    
   
 12,500 
   
    
   
 2,440 
   
    
   
 138 
   
    
   
 (2,302 
 )  
   
   
 C 
   
    
   
 36/63 
    
    
   
 32 
   
   
   
 23 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Tropic III 
    
   
 31,000 
   
    
   
 31,000 
   
    
   
 12,502 
   
    
   
 (18,498 
 )  
   
   
 CCC 
   
    
   
 25/40 
    
    
   
 26 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
   
 38 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 214,419 
   
    
 $ 
 161,730 
   
    
 $ 
 84,136 
   
    
 $ 
 (77,594 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total at December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 266,863 
   
    
 $ 
 195,760 
   
    
 $ 
 84,296 
   
    
 $ 
 (111,464 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Security was determined to have OTTI. As such, the book value is net of recorded credit impairment.  
 
 
 (2) 
 The majority of securities have been in a continuous loss position for 12 months or longer.  
 
 
 (3) 
 For purposes of comparability, the lowest credit rating expressed is equivalent to Fitch ratings even where the lowest rating is based on another nationally recognized
credit rating agency.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Includes both banks and/or insurance companies.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Excess subordination percentage represents the additional defaults in excess of both current and projected defaults that the CDO can absorb before the bond experiences
credit impairment. Excess subordinated percentage is calculated by (a) determining what percentage of defaults a deal can experience before the bond has credit impairment, and (b) subtracting from this default breakage percentage both
total current and expected future default percentages.    Security Impairment  
 Huntington evaluated OTTI on the debt security types listed below.  
 Alt-A mortgage-backed and private-label CMO securities  are collateralized by first-lien residential mortgage loans. The securities
are valued by a third party pricing specialist using a discounted cash flow approach and proprietary pricing model. The model uses inputs such as estimated prepayment speeds, losses, recoveries, default rates that are implied by the underlying
performance of collateral in the structure or similar structures, discount rates that are implied by market prices for similar securities, collateral structure types, and house price depreciation / appreciation rates that are based upon
macroeconomic forecasts.             Collateralized Debt Obligations  are CDOs backed by a pool of
debt securities issued by financial institutions. The collateral generally consists of trust-preferred securities and subordinated debt securities issued by banks, bank holding companies, and insurance companies. A full cash flow analysis is used to
estimate fair values and assess impairment for each security within this portfolio. A third party pricing specialist with direct industry experience in pooled-trust-preferred security evaluations is engaged to provide assistance estimating the fair
value and expected cash flows on this portfolio. The full cash flow analysis is completed by evaluating the relevant credit and structural aspects of each pooled-trust-preferred security in the portfolio, including collateral performance projections
for each piece of collateral in the security and terms of the security’s structure. The credit review includes an analysis of profitability, credit quality, operating efficiency, leverage, and liquidity using available financial and regulatory
information for each underlying collateral issuer. The analysis also includes a review of historical industry default data, current/near term operating conditions, and the impact of macroeconomic and regulatory changes. Using the results of our
analysis, we estimate appropriate default and recovery probabilities for each piece of collateral then estimate the expected cash flows for each security. The cumulative probability of default ranges from a low of 1% to 100%. 
      130
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Many collateral issuers have the option of deferring interest payments on their debt for up
to five years. For issuers who are deferring interest, assumptions are made regarding the issuers ability to resume interest payments and make the required principal payment at maturity; the cumulative probability of default for these issuers
currently ranges from 1% to 100%, and a 10% recovery assumption. The fair value of each security is obtained by discounting the expected cash flows at a market discount rate, ranging from LIBOR plus 3.5% to LIBOR plus 15.3% as of
December 31, 2013. The market discount rate is determined by reference to yields observed in the market for similarly rated collateralized debt obligations, specifically high-yield collateralized loan obligations. The relatively high
market discount rate is reflective of the uncertainty of the cash flows and illiquid nature of these securities. The large differential between the fair value and amortized cost of some of the securities reflects the high market discount rate
and the expectation that the majority of the cash flows will not be received until near the final maturity of the security (the final maturities range from 2032 to 2035).    On December 10, 2013, the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the FDIC, the CFTC and the SEC issued final rules to implement the Volcker Rule contained in section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, generally to become
effective on July 21, 2015. The Volcker Rule prohibits an insured depository institution and its affiliates (referred to as “banking entities”) from: (i) engaging in “proprietary trading” and (ii) investing in or
sponsoring certain types of funds (“covered funds”) subject to certain limited exceptions. These prohibitions impact the ability of U.S. banking entities to provide investment management products and services that are competitive with
nonbanking firms generally and with non-U.S. banking organizations in overseas markets. The rule also effectively prohibits short-term trading strategies by any U.S. banking entity if those strategies involve instruments other than those
specifically permitted for trading.    On January 14, 2014, the five federal agencies approved an interim final rule to
permit banking entities to retain interests in certain collateralized debt obligations backed primarily by trust preferred securities from the investment prohibitions of section 619 of the Volcker Rule. Under the interim final rule, the
agencies permit the retention of an interest in or sponsorship of covered funds by banking entities if certain qualifications are met. In addition, the agencies released a non-exclusive list of issuers that meet the requirements of the interim
final rule. At December 31, 2013, we had investments in ten different pools of trust preferred securities. Eight of our pools are included in the list of non-exclusive issuers. We have analyzed the ICONS and I-Pre TSL II pools
that were not included on the list and believe that it is more likely than not that we will be able to hold these securities to recovery under the final Volcker Rule regulations.  
 For the periods ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the following table summarizes by security type, the total OTTI losses
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for securities evaluated for impairment as described above:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Available-for-sale and other securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Alt-A Mortgage-backed 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (361 
 )  
 
   Collateralized Debt Obligations 
    
   
 (1,466 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,798 
 )  
 
   Private label CMO 
    
   
 (336 
 )  
   
   
 (1,614 
 )  
   
   
 (2,550 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
   
 (1,802 
 )  
   
   
 (1,614 
 )  
   
   
 (6,709 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (654 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total available-for-sale and other securities 
    
 $ 
 (1,802 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,619 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (7,363 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table rolls forward the OTTI recognized in earnings on debt securities held by Huntington
for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Balance, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 49,433 
   
   
 $ 
 56,764 
   
 
   Reductions from sales 
    
   
 (20,366 
 )  
   
   
 (8,945 
 )  
 
   Credit losses not previously recognized 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Additional credit losses 
    
   
 1,802 
   
   
   
 1,614 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
    
 $ 
 30,869 
   
   
 $ 
 49,433 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   As of December 31, 2013, Management has evaluated all other investment securities with unrealized
losses and all nonmarketable securities for impairment and concluded no additional OTTI is required.  
      131
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  5. HELD-TO-MATURITY SECURITIES  
  These are debt securities that Huntington has the intent and ability to hold until maturity. The debt securities are
carried at amortized cost and adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts using the interest method.  
 During 2013 and 2012, Huntington transferred $292.2 million and $278.7 million, respectively of federal agencies, mortgage-backed
securities and other agency securities from the available-for-sale securities portfolio to the held-to-maturity securities portfolio. At the time of the transfer, $0.0 million and $0.1 million, respectively of unrealized net gains were recognized in
OCI. The amounts in OCI will be recognized in earnings over the remaining life of the securities as an offset to the adjustment of yield in a manner consistent with the amortization of the premium on the same transferred securities, resulting in an
immaterial impact on net income.    Additionally, during 2013 and 2012, Huntington purchased additional federal agencies,
mortgage-backed securities and municipal securities, which were classified directly into the held-to-maturity portfolio.  
 Listed below are the contractual maturities (under 1 year, 1-5 years, 6-10 years, and over 10 years) of held-to-maturity securities at
December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 24,901 
   
    
   
 22,549 
   
    
   
 24,901 
   
    
   
 24,739 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 3,574,156 
   
    
   
 3,506,018 
   
    
   
 1,624,483 
   
    
   
 1,672,702 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 3,599,057 
   
    
   
 3,528,567 
   
    
   
 1,649,384 
   
    
   
 1,697,441 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 38,588 
   
    
   
 39,075 
   
    
   
 15,108 
   
    
   
 15,338 
   
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 189,999 
   
    
   
 185,097 
   
    
   
 69,399 
   
    
   
 71,341 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other agencies 
    
   
 228,587 
   
    
   
 224,172 
   
    
   
 84,507 
   
    
   
 86,679 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Government backed agencies 
    
   
 3,827,644 
   
    
   
 3,752,739 
   
    
   
 1,733,891 
   
    
   
 1,784,120 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Municipal securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Under 1 year 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   1-5 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   6-10 years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Over 10 years 
    
   
 9,023 
   
    
   
 8,159 
   
    
   
 9,985 
   
    
   
 9,985 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total municipal securities 
    
   
 9,023 
   
    
   
 8,159 
   
    
   
 9,985 
   
    
   
 9,985 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total held-to-maturity securities 
    
 $ 
 3,836,667 
   
    
 $ 
 3,760,898 
   
    
 $ 
 1,743,876 
   
    
 $ 
 1,794,105 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      132
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table provides amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair
value by investment category at December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Amortized 
   
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Fair 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Gains 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   


 
   December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
    
 $ 
 3,599,057 
   
    
 $ 
 5,573 
   
    
 $ 
 (76,063 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,528,567 
   
 
   Other agencies 
    
   
 228,587 
   
    
   
 776 
   
    
   
 (5,191 
 )  
   
   
 224,172 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Government backed securities 
    
   
 3,827,644 
   
    
   
 6,349 
   
    
   
 (81,254 
 )  
   
   
 3,752,739 
   
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 9,023 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (864 
 )  
   
   
 8,159 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total held-to-maturity securities 
    
 $ 
 3,836,667 
   
    
 $ 
 6,349 
   
    
 $ 
 (82,118 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,760,898 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Amortized 
   
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Fair 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Gains 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   
 
   December 31, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
    
 $ 
 1,649,384 
   
    
 $ 
 48,219 
   
    
 $ 
 (162 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,697,441 
   
 
   Other agencies 
    
   
 84,507 
   
    
   
 2,172 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 86,679 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Government backed securities 
    
   
 1,733,891 
   
    
   
 50,391 
   
    
   
 (162 
 )  
   
   
 1,784,120 
   
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 9,985 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 9,985 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total held-to-maturity securities 
    
 $ 
 1,743,876 
   
    
 $ 
 50,391 
   
    
 $ 
 (162 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,794,105 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following tables provide detail on HTM securities with unrealized losses aggregated by investment
category and the length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous loss position, at December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Less than 12 Months 
   
   
 Over 12 Months 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands ) 
    
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   


 
   December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal Agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
    
 $ 
 2,849,198 
   
    
 $ 
 (73,711 
 )  
   
 $ 
 22,548 
   
    
 $ 
 (2,352 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,871,746 
   
    
 $ 
 (76,063 
 )  
 
   Other agencies 
    
   
 144,417 
   
    
   
 (5,191 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 144,417 
   
    
   
 (5,191 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Government backed securities 
    
   
 2,993,615 
   
    
   
 (78,902 
 )  
   
   
 22,548 
   
    
   
 (2,352 
 )  
   
   
 3,016,163 
   
    
   
 (81,254 
 )  
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 8,159 
   
    
   
 (864 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8,159 
   
    
   
 (864 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total temporarily impaired securities 
    
 $ 
 3,001,774 
   
    
 $ 
 (79,766 
 )  
   
 $ 
 22,548 
   
    
 $ 
 (2,352 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,024,322 
   
    
 $ 
 (82,118 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Less than 12 Months 
   
   
 Over 12 Months 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
   
 Fair 
   
    
 Unrealized 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands ) 
    
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   
   
 Value 
   
    
 Losses 
   
 
   December 31, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal Agencies: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
    
 $ 
 24,739 
   
    
 $ 
 (162 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 24,739 
   
    
 $ 
 (162 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. Government backed securities 
    
   
 24,739 
   
    
   
 (162 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 24,739 
   
    
   
 (162 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total temporarily impaired securities 
    
 $ 
 24,739 
   
    
 $ 
 (162 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 24,739 
   
    
 $ 
 (162 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Security Impairment    Huntington evaluates the held-to-maturity securities portfolio on a quarterly basis for impairment. Impairment would exist when the present value of the expected cash flows is not sufficient to recover
the entire amortized cost basis at the balance sheet date. Under these circumstances, any impairment would be recognized in earnings. As of December 31, 2013, Management has evaluated held-to-maturity securities with unrealized losses for
impairment and concluded no OTTI is required.  
      133
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  6. LOAN SALES AND SECURITIZATIONS  
  Residential Mortgage Portfolio    The following table summarizes activity relating to residential mortgage loans sold with servicing retained for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Residential mortgage loans sold with servicing retained 
    
 $ 
 3,221,239 
   
    
 $ 
 3,954,762 
   
    
 $ 
 3,078,475 
   
 
   Pretax gains (1) 
    
   
 102,935 
   
    
   
 128,408 
   
    
   
 77,591 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Recorded in mortgage banking income.    The following tables summarize the changes in MSRs recorded using either the fair value method or the amortization method for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
 Fair Value Method      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Fair value, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 35,202 
   
   
 $ 
 65,001 
   
 
   Change in fair value during the period due to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Time decay (1) 
    
   
 (2,648 
 )  
   
   
 (2,881 
 )  
 
   Payoffs (2) 
    
   
 (11,851 
 )  
   
   
 (14,389 
 )  
 
   Changes in valuation inputs or assumptions (3) 
    
   
 13,533 
   
   
   
 (12,529 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value, end of year 
    
 $ 
 34,236 
   
   
 $ 
 35,202 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-average life (years) 
    
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 3.2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents decrease in value due to passage of time, including the impact from both regularly scheduled loan principal payments and partial loan paydowns.
 
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents decrease in value associated with loans that paid off during the period.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Represents change in value resulting primarily from market-driven changes in interest rates and prepayment speeds.  
 Amortization Method      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Carrying value, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 85,545 
   
   
 $ 
 72,434 
   
 
   New servicing assets created 
    
   
 34,743 
   
   
   
 36,123 
   
 
   Impairment recovery (charge) 
    
   
 22,023 
   
   
   
 (4,374 
 )  
 
   Amortization and other 
    
   
 (14,247 
 )  
   
   
 (18,638 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Carrying value, end of year 
    
 $ 
 128,064 
   
   
 $ 
 85,545 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value, end of year 
    
 $ 
 143,304 
   
   
 $ 
 85,612 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-average life (years) 
    
   
 6.8 
   
   
   
 3.3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   MSRs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. While sales of MSRs occur,
the precise terms and conditions are typically not readily available. Therefore, the fair value of MSRs is estimated using a discounted future cash flow model. The model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees and
assumptions related to prepayments, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenues, costs to service, and other economic factors. Changes in the assumptions used may have a significant impact on the valuation of MSRs.  
 MSR values are very sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding
principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be greatly impacted by the level of prepayments. Huntington hedges the value of certain MSRs against changes in value attributable to changes in interest rates using a combination of derivative
instruments and trading securities.  
      134
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  For MSRs under the fair value method, a summary of key assumptions and the sensitivity of
the MSR value to changes in these assumptions at December 31, 2013, and 2012 follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Decline in fair value due to 
   
   
   
   
   
 Decline in fair value due to 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 10% 
   
   
 20% 
   
   
   
   
   
 10% 
   
   
 20% 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
   
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
 adverse 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands)   
    
 Actual 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 change 
   


 
   Constant prepayment rate (annualized)  
    
   
 11.90 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (1,935 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (3,816 
 )  
   
   
 19.52 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (2,608 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5,051 
 )  
 
   Spread over forward interest rate swap rates 
    
   
 1,069 bps 
    
   
   
 (1,376 
 )  
   
   
 (2,753 
 )  
   
   
 1,288bps 
    
   
   
 (1,290 
 )  
   
   
 (2,580 
 )  
   For MSRs under the amortization method, a summary of key assumptions and the sensitivity of the MSR value
to changes in these assumptions at December 31, 2013 and 2012 follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Decline in fair value due to 
   
   
   
   
   
 Decline in fair value due to 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 10% 
   
   
 20% 
   
   
   
   
   
 10% 
   
   
 20% 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
   
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
 adverse 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands)   
    
 Actual 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 change 
   


 
   Constant prepayment rate (annualized)  
    
   
 6.70 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (6,813 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (12,977 
 )  
   
   
 15.45 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (4,936 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9,451 
 )  
 
   Spread over forward interest rate swap rates 
    
   
 940 bps 
    
   
   
 (6,027 
 )  
   
   
 (12,054 
 )  
   
   
 940bps 
    
   
   
 (3,060 
 )  
   
   
 (6,119 
 )  
   Total servicing fees included in mortgage banking income amounted to $43.8 million, $46.2 million, and
$49.1 million in 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. The unpaid principal balance of residential mortgage loans serviced for third parties was $15.2 billion, $15.6 billion, and $15.9 billion at December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.
   Automobile Portfolio    The following table summarizes activity relating to automobile loans sold and/or securitized with servicing retained for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 (1) 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Automobile loans sold with servicing retained 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 169,324 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Automobile loans securitized with servicing retained 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,300,018 
   
    
   
 1,020,146 
   
 
   Pretax gains (2) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 42,251 
   
    
   
 15,454 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Huntington did not sell or securitize any automobile loans in 2013.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Recorded in noninterest income  
 Huntington has retained servicing responsibilities on sold automobile loans and receives annual servicing fees and other ancillary fees
on the outstanding loan balances. Automobile loan servicing rights are accounted for using the amortization method. A servicing asset is established at fair value at the time of the sale using a discounted future cash flow model. The model considers
assumptions related to actual servicing income, adequate compensation for servicing, and other ancillary fees. The servicing asset is then amortized against servicing income. Impairment, if any, is recognized when carrying value exceeds the fair
value as determined by calculating the present value of expected net future cash flows. The primary risk characteristic for measuring servicing assets is payoff rates of the underlying loan pools. Valuation calculations rely on the predicted payoff
assumption and, if actual payoff is quicker than expected, then future value would be impaired.    Changes in the carrying value
of automobile loan servicing rights for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the fair value at the end of each period were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Carrying value, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 35,606 
   
   
 $ 
 13,377 
   
 
   New servicing assets created 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 38,043 
   
 
   Impairment charge 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (75 
 )  
 
   Amortization and other 
    
   
 (17,934 
 )  
   
   
 (15,739 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Carrying value, end of year 
    
 $ 
 17,672 
   
   
 $ 
 35,606 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value, end of year 
    
 $ 
 18,193 
   
   
 $ 
 36,470 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-average life (years) 
    
   
 3.6 
   
   
   
 4.3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      135
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A summary of key assumptions and the sensitivity of the automobile loan servicing rights
value to changes in these assumptions at December 31, 2013 and 2012 follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Decline in fair value due to 
   
   
   
   
   
 Decline in fair value due to 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 10% 
   
   
 20% 
   
   
   
   
   
 10% 
   
   
 20% 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
   
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
 adverse 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands)   
    
 Actual 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 change 
   


 
   Constant prepayment rate (annualized)  
    
   
 14.65 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (584 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,183 
 )  
   
   
 13.80 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (880 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,771 
 )  
 
   Spread over forward interest rate swap rates 
    
   
 500 bps 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 500bps 
    
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   Servicing income, net of amortization of capitalized servicing assets, amounted to $10.3 million, $8.7
million, and $2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. The unpaid principal balance of automobile loans serviced for third parties was $1.6 billion, $2.5 billion, and $0.9 billion at December 31,
2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.    Small Business Association (SBA) Portfolio  
 The following table summarizes activity relating to SBA loans sold with servicing retained for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012, and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   SBA loans sold with servicing retained $ 
    
   
 178,874 
    
    
 $ 
 209,540 
   
    
 $ 
 234,803 
   
 
   Pretax gains resulting from above loan sales (1) 
    
   
 19,556 
    
    
   
 22,916 
   
    
   
 21,488 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Recorded in noninterest income  
 Huntington has retained servicing responsibilities on sold SBA loans and receives annual servicing fees on the outstanding loan balances.
SBA loan servicing rights are accounted for using the amortization method. A servicing asset is established at fair value at the time of the sale using a discounted future cash flow model. The servicing asset is then amortized against servicing
income. Impairment, if any, is recognized when carrying value exceeds the fair value as determined by calculating the present value of expected net future cash flows.    The following tables summarize the changes in the carrying value of the servicing asset for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Carrying value, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 15,147 
   
   
 $ 
 12,022 
   
 
   New servicing assets created 
    
   
 6,105 
   
   
   
 6,947 
   
 
   Amortization and other 
    
   
 (4,387 
 )  
   
   
 (3,822 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Carrying value, end of year 
    
 $ 
 16,865 
   
   
 $ 
 15,147 
   
 
   Fair value, end of year 
    
 $ 
 16,865 
   
   
 $ 
 15,147 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-average life (years) 
    
   
 3.5 
   
   
   
 3.5 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   A summary of key assumptions and the sensitivity of the SBA loan servicing rights value to changes in
these assumptions at December 31, 2013 and 2012 follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Decline in fair value due to 
   
   
   
   
   
 Decline in fair value due to 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 10% 
   
   
 20% 
   
   
   
   
   
 10% 
   
   
 20% 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
   
   
   
 adverse 
   
   
 adverse 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands)   
    
 Actual 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 change 
   
   
 change 
   


 
   Constant prepayment rate (annualized)  
    
   
 5.90 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (221 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (438 
 )  
   
   
 6.40 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (201 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (398 
 )  
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 1,500 bps 
    
   
   
 (446 
 )  
   
   
 (873 
 )  
   
   
 1,500bps 
    
   
   
 (374 
 )  
   
   
 (731 
 )  
 
      136
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Servicing income, net of amortization of capitalized servicing assets, amounted to $6.3
million, $5.7 million, and $4.9 million in 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. The unpaid principal balance of SBA loans serviced for third parties was $885.4 million, $758.3 million and $555.5 million at December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.  
  7. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
  Business segments are based on segment leadership structure, which reflects how segment performance is monitored and
assessed. No segments were significantly changed and no reallocation of goodwill occurred in either 2013 or 2012.    A
rollforward of goodwill by business segment for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, is presented in the table below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Retail & 
   
    
 Regional & 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Business 
   
    
 Commercial 
   
    
   
   
    
 Treasury/ 
   
    
 Huntington 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Banking 
   
    
 Banking 
   
    
 AFCRE 
   
    
 WGH 
   
    
 Other 
   
    
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Balance, January 1, 2012 
    
 $ 
 286,824 
   
    
 $ 
 16,169 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 98,951 
   
    
 $ 
 42,324 
   
    
 $ 
 444,268 
   
 
   Adjustments / Reallocation of goodwill 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
    
   
 286,824 
   
    
   
 16,169 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 98,951 
   
    
   
 42,324 
   
    
   
 444,268 
   
 
   Adjustments / Reallocation of goodwill 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 286,824 
   
    
 $ 
 16,169 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 98,951 
   
    
 $ 
 42,324 
   
    
 $ 
 444,268 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Goodwill is not amortized but is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis as of October 1st each
year or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. No impairment was recorded in 2013, 2012 or 2011.    At December 31, 2013 and 2012, Huntington’s other intangible assets consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross 
   
    
   
   
   
 Net 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying 
   
    
 Accumulated 
   
   
 Carrying 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Amortization 
   
   
 Value 
   


 
   December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Core deposit intangible 
    
 $ 
 380,249 
   
    
 $ 
 (335,552 
 )  
   
 $ 
 44,697 
   
 
   Customer relationship 
    
   
 106,974 
   
    
   
 (58,675 
 )  
   
   
 48,299 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 25,164 
   
    
   
 (24,967 
 )  
   
   
 197 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 512,387 
   
    
 $ 
 (419,194 
 )  
   
 $ 
 93,193 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   December 31, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Core deposit intangible 
    
 $ 
 380,249 
   
    
 $ 
 (302,003 
 )  
   
 $ 
 78,246 
   
 
   Customer relationship 
    
   
 104,574 
   
    
   
 (50,925 
 )  
   
   
 53,649 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 25,164 
   
    
   
 (24,902 
 )  
   
   
 262 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 509,987 
   
    
 $ 
 (377,830 
 )  
   
 $ 
 132,157 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The estimated amortization expense of other intangible assets for the next five years is as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Amortization Expense 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 36,711 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 20,550 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 7,336 
   
 
   2017 
    
   
 6,854 
   
 
   2018 
    
   
 5,983 
   
 
      137
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  8. PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT  
  Premises and equipment were comprised of the following in December 31, 2013 and 2012:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Land and land improvements 
    
 $ 
 129,543 
   
   
 $ 
 127,280 
   
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 356,555 
   
   
   
 393,674 
   
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   
 227,764 
   
   
   
 177,395 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 669,482 
   
   
   
 690,561 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total premises and equipment 
    
   
 1,383,344 
   
   
   
 1,388,910 
   
 
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (748,687 
 )  
   
   
 (771,653 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net premises and equipment 
    
 $ 
 634,657 
   
   
 $ 
 617,257 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Depreciation and amortization charged to expense and rental income credited to net occupancy expense for
the three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011 were:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Total depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment 
    
 $ 
 78,601 
   
    
 $ 
 76,170 
   
    
 $ 
 70,413 
   
 
   Rental income credited to occupancy expense 
    
   
 12,542 
   
    
   
 11,519 
   
    
   
 10,878 
   
 
  9. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS  
  Short-term borrowings at December 31, 2013 and 2012 were comprised of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
 $ 
 548,605 
   
    
 $ 
 575,899 
   
 
   Other borrowings 
    
   
 3,538 
   
    
   
 13,915 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 552,143 
   
    
 $ 
 589,814 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Other borrowings consist of borrowings from the Treasury and other notes payable.  
 For each of the three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, weighted average interest rate at year-end, the maximum balance
for the year, the average balance for the year, and weighted average interest rate for the year by category of short-term borrowings was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Weighted average interest rate at year-end 
      
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
   
 0.06 
 %  
   
   
 0.15 
 %  
   
   
 0.17 
 %  
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 2.59 
   
   
   
 1.98 
   
   
   
 2.74 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Maximum amount outstanding at month-end during the year 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
 $ 
 787,127 
   
   
 $ 
 1,590,082 
   
   
 $ 
 2,430,992 
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 19,497 
   
   
   
 26,071 
   
   
   
 86,262 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Average amount outstanding during the year 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
 $ 
 692,481 
   
   
 $ 
 1,293,348 
   
   
 $ 
 2,009,039 
   
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 7,815 
   
   
   
 16,983 
   
   
   
 46,245 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average interest rate during the year 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
    
   
 0.08 
 %  
   
   
 0.14 
 %  
   
   
 0.16 
 %  
 
   Other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 1.79 
   
   
   
 1.36 
   
   
   
 0.59 
   
 
  10. FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES  
  Huntington’s advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank had weighted average interest rates of 0.12% and 0.18% at
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. These advances, which predominantly had variable interest rates, were collateralized by qualifying real estate loans. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, Huntington’s maximum borrowing capacity
was $4.8 billion and $4.0 billion, respectively. The advances outstanding at December 31, 2013 of $1.8 billion mature as follows: $1.8 billion in 2014; and less than $0.1 billion in 2018 and thereafter.  
      138
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  11. OTHER LONG-TERM DEBT  
  Huntington’s other long-term debt consisted of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   2.60% Huntington Bancshares Incorporated senior note due 2018 
    
 $ 
 397,306 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   1.30% Huntington National Bank senior note due 2016 
    
   
 497,317 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   1.35% Huntington National Bank senior note due 2016 
    
   
 349,858 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   4.95% Huntington National Bank medium-term notes due 2018 
    
   
 39,497 
   
    
   
 41,557 
   
 
   0.88% Securitization trust notes payable due 2018(2) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,086 
   
 
   2.52% Class B preferred securities of subsidiary, no maturity (1) 
    
   
 65,000 
   
    
   
 65,000 
   
 
   7.88% Class C preferred securities of subsidiary, no maturity 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 50,000 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 141 
   
    
   
 141 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 1,349,119 
   
    
 $ 
 158,784 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Variable effective rate at December 31, 2013, based on one month LIBOR + 2.35 or 2.52%.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Variable effective rate at December 31, 2012, based on one month LIBOR + 0.67 or 0.88%.  
 Amounts above are net of unamortized discounts and adjustments related to hedging with derivative financial instruments. The derivative
instruments, principally interest rate swaps, are used to hedge the fair values of certain fixed-rate debt by converting the debt to a variable rate. See Note 20 for more information regarding such financial instruments.  
 In August 2013, the parent company issued $400.0 million of senior notes at 99.80% of face value. The senior note issuances mature on
August 2, 2018 and have a fixed coupon rate of 2.60%. In August 2013, the Bank issued $350.0 million of senior notes at 99.865% of face value. The senior bank note issuances mature on August 2, 2016 and have a fixed coupon rate of 1.35%.
Both senior note issuances may be redeemed one month prior to their maturity date at 100% of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest.    In November 2013, the Bank issued $500.0 million of senior notes at 99.979% of face value. The senior bank note issuances mature on November 20, 2016 and have a fixed coupon rate of 1.30%. The senior
note issuance may be redeemed one month prior to the maturity date at 100% of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest.    In
2010, approximately $92.1 million of municipal securities, $86.0 million in Huntington Preferred Capital, Inc. (Real Estate Investment Trust) Class E Preferred Stock and cash of $6.1 million were transferred to Tower Hill Securities, Inc., an
unconsolidated entity, in exchange for $184.1 million of Common and Preferred Stock of Tower Hill Securities, Inc. The municipal securities and the REIT Shares will be used to satisfy $65.0 million of mandatorily redeemable securities issued by
Tower Hill Securities, Inc. and are not available to satisfy the general debts and obligations of Huntington or any consolidated affiliates. The transfer did not meet the sale requirement of ASC 860 and therefore has been reflected as a secured
financing on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Huntington.    On July 2, 2013, the Federal Reserve Board voted to
adopt final capital rules to implement Basel III requirements for U.S. Banking organizations. The final rules establish an integrated regulatory capital framework that will implement, in the United States, the Basel III regulatory capital reforms
from the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Based on our review of the final rules and an opinion of outside counsel, dated November 6, 2013, we have determined that there is a significant
risk that our Huntington Preferred Capital, Inc. 7.88% Class C preferred securities will no longer constitute Tier 1 capital for the Bank for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or policies of the OCC, when Basel III becomes effective for
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated and its affiliates. As a result, a regulatory capital event has occurred. On November 7, 2013, the board of directors approved the redemption of Class C preferred securities and on December 31, 2013 (the
Redemption Date), Huntington Preferred Capital, Inc. redeemed all of the Class C Preferred Securities at the redemption price of $25.00 per share.  
      139
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other long-term debt maturities for the next five years and thereafter are as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Other long-term 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 debt maturities 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 141 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 850,000 
   
 
   2017 
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2018 
    
   
 435,000 
   
 
   and thereafter 
    
   
 65,000 
   
   These maturities are based upon the par values of the long-term debt.  
 The terms of the other long-term debt obligations contain various restrictive covenants including limitations on the acquisition of
additional debt in excess of specified levels, dividend payments, and the disposition of subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2013, Huntington was in compliance with all such covenants.  
  12. SUBORDINATED NOTES  
  At December 31, Huntington’s subordinated notes consisted of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Parent company: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   6.21% subordinated notes due 2013 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 49,892 
   
 
   7.00% subordinated notes due 2020 
    
   
 323,856 
   
    
   
 350,656 
   
 
   0.94% junior subordinated debentures due 2027 (1) 
    
   
 111,816 
   
    
   
 111,816 
   
 
   0.87% junior subordinated debentures due 2028 (2) 
    
   
 54,593 
   
    
   
 54,593 
   
 
   1.65% junior subordinated debentures due 2036 (3) 
    
   
 72,165 
   
    
   
 72,165 
   
 
   1.65% junior subordinated debentures due 2036 (3) 
    
   
 74,320 
   
    
   
 74,320 
   
 
   The Huntington National Bank: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   5.00% subordinated notes due 2014 
    
   
 125,109 
   
    
   
 130,186 
   
 
   5.59% subordinated notes due 2016 
    
   
 108,038 
   
    
   
 110,321 
   
 
   6.67% subordinated notes due 2018 
    
   
 143,749 
   
    
   
 150,219 
   
 
   5.45% subordinated notes due 2019 
    
   
 87,214 
   
    
   
 92,923 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total subordinated notes 
    
 $ 
 1,100,860 
   
    
 $ 
 1,197,091 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Variable effective rate at December 31, 2013, based on three month LIBOR + 0.70%.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Variable effective rate at December 31, 2013, based on three month LIBOR + 0.625%.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Variable effective rate at December 31, 2013, based on three month LIBOR + 1.40%.  
 Amounts above are net of unamortized discounts and adjustments related to hedging with derivative financial instruments. The derivative
instruments, principally interest rate swaps, are used to match the funding rates on certain assets to hedge the interest rate values of certain fixed-rate debt by converting the debt to a variable rate. See Note 20 for more information regarding
such financial instruments. All principal is due upon maturity of the note as described in the table above.    During 2012,
Huntington retired $230.3 million of junior subordinated debentures, which resulted in net pre-tax gains of $0.8 million. These transactions have been recorded as gains on early extinguishment of debt, a reduction of noninterest expense, in the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      140
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  13. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  The components of Huntington’s OCI in the three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, were as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Tax (expense) 
   
    
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Pretax 
   
    
 Benefit 
   
    
 After-tax 
   


 
   Noncredit-related impairment recoveries (losses) on debt securities not expected to be sold 
    
 $ 
 235 
   
    
 $ 
 (82 
 )  
    
 $ 
 153 
   
 
   Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities arising during the period 
    
   
 (125,919 
 )  
    
   
 44,191 
   
    
   
 (81,728 
 )  
 
   Less: Reclassification adjustment for net gains (losses) included in net income 
    
   
 6,211 
   
    
   
 (2,174 
 )  
    
   
 4,037 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities 
    
   
 (119,473 
 )  
    
   
 41,935 
   
    
   
 (77,538 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale equity securities arising during the period 
    
   
 151 
   
    
   
 (53 
 )  
    
   
 98 
   
 
   Less: Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) included in net income 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale equity securities 
    
   
 151 
   
    
   
 (53 
 )  
    
   
 98 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives used in cash flow hedging relationships arising during the period 
    
   
 (86,240 
 )  
    
   
 30,184 
   
    
   
 (56,056 
 )  
 
   Less: Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) losses included in net income 
    
   
 (15,188 
 )  
    
   
 5,316 
   
    
   
 (9,872 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives used in cash flow hedging relationships 
    
   
 (101,428 
 )  
    
   
 35,500 
   
    
   
 (65,928 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Re-measurement obligation 
    
   
 136,452 
   
    
   
 (47,758 
 )  
    
   
 88,694 
   
 
   Defined benefit pension items 
    
   
 (13,106 
 )  
    
   
 4,588 
   
    
   
 (8,518 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in pension and post-retirement obligations 
    
   
 123,346 
   
    
   
 (43,170 
 )  
    
   
 80,176 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
 $ 
 (97,404 
 )  
    
 $ 
 34,212 
   
    
 $ 
 (63,192 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Tax (expense) 
   
    
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Pretax 
   
    
 Benefit 
   
    
 After-tax 
   
 
   Noncredit-related impairment recoveries (losses) on debt securities not expected to be sold 
    
 $ 
 19,215 
   
    
 $ 
 (6,725 
 )  
    
 $ 
 12,490 
   
 
   Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities arising during the period 
    
   
 90,318 
    
    
   
 (32,137 
 )  
    
   
 58,181 
   
 
   Less: Reclassification adjustment for net gains (losses) included in net income 
    
   
 (4,769 
 )  
    
   
 1,669 
   
    
   
 (3,100 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities 
    
   
 104,764 
   
    
   
 (37,193 
 )  
    
   
 67,571 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale equity securities 
    
   
 344 
   
    
   
 (120 
 )  
    
   
 224 
   
 
   Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives used in cash flow hedging relationships arising during the period 
    
   
 (5,476 
 )  
    
   
 1,907 
   
    
   
 (3,569 
 )  
 
   Less: Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) losses included in net income 
    
   
 14,992 
   
    
   
 (5,237 
 )  
    
   
 9,755 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives used in cash flow hedging relationships 
    
   
 9,516 
   
    
   
 (3,330 
 )  
    
   
 6,186 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net actuarial gains (losses) arising during the year 
    
   
 (105,527 
 )  
    
   
 36,934 
   
    
   
 (68,593 
 )  
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost included in income 
    
   
 27,013 
   
    
   
 (9,455 
 )  
    
   
 17,558 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in pension and post-retirement obligations 
    
   
 (78,514 
 )  
    
   
 27,479 
   
    
   
 (51,035 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 36,110 
   
    
 $ 
 (13,164 
 )  
    
 $ 
 22,946 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Tax (expense) 
   
    
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Pretax 
   
    
 Benefit 
   
    
 After-tax 
   
 
   Noncredit-related impairment recoveries (losses) on debt securities not expected to be sold 
    
 $ 
 11,537 
   
    
 $ 
 (4,038 
 )  
    
 $ 
 7,499 
   
 
   Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale debt securities arising during the period 
    
   
 95,586 
   
    
   
 (33,455 
 )  
    
   
 62,131 
   
 
   Less: Reclassification adjustment for net gains (losses) included in net income 
    
   
 3,681 
   
    
   
 (1,288 
 )  
    
   
 2,393 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale debt securities 
    
   
 110,804 
   
    
   
 (38,781 
 )  
    
   
 72,023 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale equity securities 
    
   
 612 
   
    
   
 (215 
 )  
    
   
 397 
   
 
   Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives used in cash flow hedging relationships arising during the period 
    
   
 4,875 
   
    
   
 (1,703 
 )  
    
   
 3,172 
   
 
   Less: Reclassification adjustment for net losses (gains) losses included in net income 
    
   
 3,107 
   
    
   
 (1,091 
 )  
    
   
 2,016 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives used in cash flow hedging relationships 
    
   
 7,982 
   
    
   
 (2,794 
 )  
    
   
 5,188 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net actuarial gains (losses) arising during the year 
    
   
 (104,146 
 )  
    
   
 36,451 
   
    
   
 (67,695 
 )  
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service cost included in income 
    
   
 21,261 
   
    
   
 (7,441 
 )  
    
   
 13,820 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change in pension and post-retirement obligations 
    
   
 (82,885 
 )  
    
   
 29,010 
   
    
   
 (53,875 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
 $ 
 36,513 
   
    
 $ 
 (12,780 
 )  
    
 $ 
 23,733 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      141
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Activity in accumulated OCI for the three years ended December 31, were as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Unrealized gains and (losses) on debt securities (1) 
   
   
 Unrealized gains and (losses) on equity securities 
   
   
 Unrealized gains and (losses) on cash flow hedging derivatives 
   
   
 Unrealized gains (losses) for pension and other
post- retirement obligations 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance, January 1, 2011 
    
 $ 
 (101,290 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (427 
 )  
   
 $ 
 35,710 
   
   
 $ 
 (131,489 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (197,496 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Period change 
    
   
 72,023 
   
   
   
 397 
   
   
   
 5,188 
   
   
   
 (53,875 
 )  
   
   
 23,733 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2011 
    
   
 (29,267 
 )  
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 40,898 
   
   
   
 (185,364 
 )  
   
   
 (173,763 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Period change 
    
   
 67,571 
   
   
   
 224 
   
   
   
 6,186 
   
   
   
 (51,035 
 )  
   
   
 22,946 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
    
   
 38,304 
   
   
   
 194 
   
   
   
 47,084 
   
   
   
 (236,399 
 )  
   
   
 (150,817 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
    
   
 (81,575 
 )  
   
   
 98 
   
   
   
 (56,056 
 )  
   
   
 88,694 
   
   
   
 (48,839 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI to earnings 
    
   
 4,037 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (9,872 
 )  
   
   
 (8,518 
 )  
   
   
 (14,353 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Period change 
    
   
 (77,538 
 )  
   
   
 98 
   
   
   
 (65,928 
 )  
   
   
 80,176 
   
   
   
 (63,192 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 (39,234 
 )  
   
 $ 
 292 
   
   
 $ 
 (18,844 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (156,223 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (214,009 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amount at December 31, 2012 includes $0.2 million of net unrealized gains on securities transferred from the available-for-sale securities portfolio to the
held-to-maturity securities portfolio. The net unrealized gains will be recognized in earnings over the remaining life of the security using the effective interest method.  
 The following table presents the reclassification adjustments out of accumulated OCI included in net income and the impacted line items
as listed on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 2013:    Reclassifications out of
accumulated OCI      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Accumulated OCI components 
    
 Amounts reclassed from accumulated OCI 
   
   
 
 Location of net gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI into 
earnings 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
   


 
   Gains (losses) on debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Amortization of unrealized gains (losses) 
    
 $ 
 482 
   
   
 Interest income—held-to-maturity securities—taxable 
 
   Realized gain (loss) on sale of securities 
    
   
 (4,891 
 )  
   
 Noninterest income—net gains (losses) on sale of securities 
 
   OTTI recorded 
    
   
 (1,802 
 )  
   
 Noninterest income—net gains (losses) on sale of securities 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (6,211 
 )  
   
 Total before tax 
 
 
    
   
 2,174 
   
   
 Tax (expense) benefit 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 (4,037 
 )  
   
 Net of tax 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Gains (losses) on cash flow hedging relationships: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 $ 
 14,979 
   
   
 Interest and fee income—loans and leases 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
   
 209 
   
   
 Interest and fee income—investment securities 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
   
 Noninterest expense—other expense 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 15,188 
   
   
 Total before tax 
 
 
    
   
 (5,316 
 )  
   
 Tax (expense) benefit 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 9,872 
   
   
 Net of tax 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of defined benefit pension and post-retirement items: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Actuarial gains (losses) 
    
 $ 
 (22,293 
 )  
   
 Noninterest expense—personnel costs 
 
   Prior service costs 
    
   
 3,454 
   
   
 Noninterest expense—personnel costs 
 
   Other 
    
   
 (919 
 )  
   
 Noninterest expense—personnel costs 
 
   Curtailment 
    
   
 32,864 
   
   
 Noninterest expense—personnel costs 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 13,106 
   
   
 Total before tax 
 
 
    
   
 (4,588 
 )  
   
 Tax (expense) benefit 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 8,518 
   
   
 Net of tax 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
      142
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  14. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
  Preferred Stock issued and outstanding    In 2008, Huntington issued 569,000 shares of 8.50% Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock (Series A Preferred Stock) with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share. Each share of
the Series A Preferred Stock is non-voting and may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into 83.668 shares of common stock of Huntington, which represents an approximate initial conversion price of $11.95 per share of common stock.
Since April 15, 2013, at the option of Huntington, the Series A Preferred Stock is subject to mandatory conversion into Huntington’s common stock at the prevailing conversion rate, if the closing price of Huntington’s common stock
exceeds 130% of the conversion price for 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period.    In 2011, Huntington
issued $35.5 million par value Floating Rate Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock) and, in certain cases, an additional amount of cash consideration, in
exchange for $35.5 million of (1) Huntington Capital I Floating Rate Capital Securities, (2) Huntington Capital II Floating Rate Capital Securities, (3) Sky Financial Capital Trust III Floating Rate Capital Securities and (4) Sky
Financial Capital Trust IV Floating Rate Capital Securities.    As part of the exchange offer, Huntington issued depositary
shares. Each depositary share represents a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of the Series B Preferred Stock. Each holder of a depositary share will be entitled, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series B Preferred Stock and
all the related rights and preferences. Huntington will pay dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 2.70%. The preferred stock was recorded at the par amount of $35.5 million, with the
difference between par amount of the shares and their fair value of $23.8 million recorded as a discount.    Repurchase of Outstanding TARP
Capital and Warrant to Repurchase Common Stock    In 2008, Huntington received $1.4 billion of equity capital by issuing to
the Treasury 1.4 million shares of TARP Capital and a ten-year warrant to purchase up to 23.6 million shares of Huntington’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at an exercise price of $8.90 per share. As approved by the Federal
Reserve Board, the Treasury, and our other banking regulators, on December 22, 2010, Huntington repurchased all 1.4 million shares of our TARP Capital held by the Treasury totaling $1.4 billion. Huntington used the net proceeds from the
issuance of common stock and subordinated debt, as well as other funds, to redeem the TARP Capital. On January 19, 2011, Huntington repurchased the warrant originally issued to the Treasury for a purchase price of $49.1 million.  
 Share Repurchase Program  
 On March 14, 2013, Huntington announced that the Federal Reserve did not object to Huntington’s proposed capital actions
included in Huntington’s capital plan submitted to the Federal Reserve in January 2013. These actions included an increase in the quarterly dividend per common share to $0.05, starting in the second quarter of 2013 and potential repurchase of
up to $227 million of common stock through the first quarter of 2014. Huntington’s board of directors authorized a share repurchase program consistent with Huntington’s capital plan. This program replaced the previously authorized share
repurchase program authorized by Huntington’s board of directors in 2012. During 2013, Huntington repurchased a total of 16.7 million shares of common stock, at a weighted average share price of $7.46. During 2012, Huntington repurchased a
total of 23.3 million shares of common stock, at a weighted average share price of $6.36.    Huntington has the ability to
repurchase up to $136 million of additional shares of common stock through the first quarter of 2014. We intend to continue disciplined repurchase activity consistent with our annual capital plan, our capital return objectives, and market
conditions.  
  15. EARNINGS PER SHARE  
  Basic earnings per share is the amount of earnings (adjusted for dividends declared on preferred stock) available to
each share of common stock outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share is the amount of earnings available to each share of common stock outstanding during the reporting period adjusted to include the effect of potentially
dilutive common shares. Potentially dilutive common shares include incremental shares issued for stock options, restricted stock units and awards, distributions from deferred compensation plans, and the conversion of the Company’s convertible
preferred stock (See Note 14). Potentially dilutive common shares are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share in periods in which the effect would be antidilutive. For diluted earnings per share, net income available to common
shares can be affected by the conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred stock. Where the effect of this conversion would be dilutive, net income available to common shareholders is adjusted by the associated preferred dividends and
deemed dividend. The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for each of the three years ended December 31 was as follows:  
      143
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Basic earnings per common share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
   
 $ 
 542,613 
   
 
   Preferred stock dividends, deemed dividends and accretion of discount 
    
   
 (31,869 
 )  
   
   
 (31,989 
 )  
   
   
 (30,813 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income available to common shareholders 
    
 $ 
 606,872 
   
   
 $ 
 609,033 
   
   
 $ 
 511,800 
   
 
   Average common shares issued and outstanding 
    
   
 834,205 
   
   
   
 857,962 
   
   
   
 863,691 
   
 
   Basic earnings per common share 
    
 $ 
 0.73 
   
   
 $ 
 0.71 
   
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Diluted earnings per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income available to common shareholders 
    
 $ 
 606,872 
   
   
 $ 
 609,033 
   
   
 $ 
 511,800 
   
 
   Effect of assumed preferred stock conversion 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income applicable to diluted earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 606,872 
   
   
 $ 
 609,033 
   
   
 $ 
 511,800 
   
 
   Average common shares issued and outstanding 
    
   
 834,205 
   
   
   
 857,962 
   
   
   
 863,691 
   
 
   Dilutive potential common shares: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Stock options and restricted stock units and awards 
    
   
 8,418 
   
   
   
 4,202 
   
   
   
 2,916 
   
 
   Shares held in deferred compensation plans 
    
   
 1,351 
   
   
   
 1,238 
   
   
   
 1,017 
   
 
   Conversion of preferred stock 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Dilutive potential common shares: 
    
   
 9,769 
   
   
   
 5,440 
   
   
   
 3,933 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total diluted average common shares issued and outstanding 
    
   
 843,974 
   
   
   
 863,402 
   
   
   
 867,624 
   
 
   Diluted earnings per common share 
    
 $ 
 0.72 
   
   
 $ 
 0.71 
   
   
 $ 
 0.59 
   
   Approximately 6.6 million, 24.4 million, and 23.6 million options to purchase shares of common
stock outstanding at the end of 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would be antidilutive.  
  16. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION  
  Huntington sponsors nonqualified and incentive share based compensation plans. These plans provide for the granting of
stock options and other share-based awards to officers, directors, and other employees. Compensation costs are included in personnel costs on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Stock options are granted at the closing market price on the date of
the grant. Options granted typically vest ratably over three years or when other conditions are met. Stock options, which represented a portion of our grant values, have no intrinsic value until the stock price increases. Options granted prior to
May 2004 have a term of ten years. All options granted after May 2004 have a term of seven years.    In 2012, shareholders
approved the Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan) which authorized 51 million shares for future grants. The Plan is the only active plan under which Huntington is currently granting share based options and
awards. At December 31, 2013, 24.4 million shares from the Plan were available for future grants. Huntington issues shares to fulfill stock option exercises and restricted stock unit and award vesting from available authorized common
shares. At December 31, 2013, the Company believes there are adequate authorized common shares to satisfy anticipated stock option exercises and restricted stock unit and award vesting in 2014.  
 Huntington uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value options in determining our share-based compensation expense. Forfeitures
are estimated at the date of grant based on historical rates, and updated as necessary, and reduce the compensation expense recognized. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of grant. The
expected dividend yield is based on the dividend rate and stock price at the date of the grant. Expected volatility is based on the estimated volatility of Huntington’s stock over the expected term of the option.  
      144
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table illustrates the weighted average assumptions used in the option-pricing
model for options granted in the three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Assumptions 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.79  
 %  
   
   
 1.10  
 %  
   
   
 1.95  
 %  
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 2.83 
   
   
   
 2.38 
   
   
   
 2.63 
   
 
   Expected volatility of Huntington’s common stock 
    
   
 35.0 
   
   
   
 34.9 
   
   
   
 30.0 
   
 
   Expected option term (years) 
    
   
 5.5 
   
   
   
 6.0 
   
   
   
 6.0 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted-average grant date fair value per share 
    
 $ 
 1.71 
   
   
 $ 
 1.78 
   
   
 $ 
 1.40 
   
   The following table illustrates total share-based compensation expense and related tax benefit for the
three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Share-based compensation expense 
    
 $ 
 37,007 
   
    
 $ 
 27,873 
   
    
 $ 
 19,666 
   
 
   Tax benefit 
    
   
 12,472 
   
    
   
 9,298 
   
    
   
 6,708 
   
   Huntington’s stock option activity and related information for the year ended December 31,
2013, was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
 Weighted- 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Weighted- 
   
    
 Average 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Average 
   
    
 Remaining 
   
    
 Aggregate 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Exercise 
   
    
 Contractual 
   
    
 Intrinsic 
   
 
   (amounts in thousands, except years and per share amounts) 
    
 Options 
   
   
 Price 
   
    
 Life (Years) 
   
    
 Value 
   


 
   Outstanding at January 1, 2013   
    
   
 26,768 
   
   
 $ 
 8.87 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
   
 3,299 
   
   
   
 7.07 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (2,498 
 )  
   
   
 5.77 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forfeited/expired 
    
   
 (4,269 
 )  
   
   
 16.17 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2013   
    
   
 23,300 
   
   
 $ 
 7.61 
   
    
   
 4.2 
   
    
 $ 
 71,702 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Expected to vest at December 31, 2013 (1) 
    
   
 8,893 
   
   
 $ 
 6.55 
   
    
   
 5.3 
   
    
 $ 
 27,606 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 13,536 
   
   
 $ 
 8.37 
   
    
   
 3.4 
   
    
 $ 
 41,570 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The number of options expected to vest includes an estimate of 871 shares expected to be forfeited.  
 The aggregate intrinsic value represents the amount by which the fair value of underlying stock exceeds the “in-the-money”
option exercise price. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, cash received for the exercises of stock options was $14.4 million, $2.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively. The tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from
option exercises totaled $1.8 million, $0.3 million and $0.1 million in 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.    The
weighted-average grant date fair value of nonvested shares granted for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, were $7.12, $6.69, and $6.24, respectively. The total fair value of awards vested during the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012, and 2011, was $13.7 million, $9.1 million, and $11.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2013, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested awards was $54.8 million with a weighted-average expense recognition
period of 2.4 years.    The following table presents additional information regarding options outstanding as of
December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (amounts in thousands, except years and per share amounts) 
    
 Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Exercisable Options 
   
 
   Range of   Exercise Prices 
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   


 
   $0 to $5.63 
    
   
 2,221 
   
    
   
 2.6 
   
    
 $ 
 4.60 
   
    
   
 1,896 
   
    
 $ 
 4.53 
   
 
   $5.64 to $6.02 
    
   
 8,623 
   
    
   
 4.4 
   
    
   
 6.02 
   
    
   
 5,681 
   
    
   
 6.02 
   
 
   $6.03 to $15.95 
    
   
 10,265 
   
    
   
 5.1 
   
    
   
 6.82 
   
    
   
 3,768 
   
    
   
 6.71 
   
 
   $15.96 to $24.56 
    
   
 2,191 
   
    
   
 0.8 
   
    
   
 20.64 
   
    
   
 2,191 
   
    
   
 20.64 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total   
    
   
 23,300 
   
    
   
 4.2 
   
    
 $ 
 7.61 
   
    
   
 13,536 
   
    
 $ 
 8.37 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      145
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Huntington also grants restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance share awards
and other stock-based awards. Restricted stock units and awards are issued at no cost to the recipient, and can be settled only in shares at the end of the vesting period. Restricted stock awards provide the holder with full voting rights and cash
dividends during the vesting period. Restricted stock units do not provide the holder with voting rights or cash dividends during the vesting period, but do accrue a dividend equivalent that is paid upon vesting, and are subject to certain service
restrictions. Performance share awards are payable contingent upon Huntington achieving certain predefined performance objectives over the three-year measurement period. The fair value of these awards is the closing market price of Huntington’s
common stock on the grant date.    The following table summarizes the status of Huntington’s restricted stock units and
performance share awards as of December 31, 2013, and activity for the year ended December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
    
 Restricted Stock Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share 
   
    
 Performance Share Awards 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share 
   


 
   Nonvested at January 1, 2013 
    
   
 8,484 
   
   
 $ 
 6.40 
   
    
   
 694 
   
   
 $ 
 6.77 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 6,878 
   
   
   
 7.13 
   
    
   
 1,125 
   
   
   
 7.06 
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (2,472 
 )  
   
   
 6.35 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (826 
 )  
   
   
 6.72 
   
    
   
 (173 
 )  
   
   
 6.91 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 12,064 
   
   
 $ 
 6.80 
   
    
   
 1,646 
   
   
 $ 
 6.95 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      146
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  17. INCOME TAXES  
  The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state, city, and
foreign jurisdictions. Federal income tax audits have been completed through 2009. In the first quarter of 2013, the IRS began an examination of our 2010 and 2011 consolidated federal income tax returns. The Company has appealed certain proposed
adjustments resulting from the IRS examination of the 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010 tax returns. Management believes the tax positions taken related to such proposed adjustments were correct and supported by applicable statutes, regulations, and
judicial authority, and intend to vigorously defend them. It is possible the ultimate resolution of the proposed adjustments, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations in the period it occurs. However, although no assurance can be
given, Management believes the resolution of these examinations will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position. Various state and other jurisdictions remain open to examination,
including Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Illinois.    Huntington accounts for uncertainties in
income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. At December 31, 2013, Huntington had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $0.7 million in income tax liability related to tax positions. Due to the complexities of some of these
uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from the current estimate of the tax liabilities. Huntington does not anticipate the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits to significantly change
within the next 12 months.    The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of gross
unrecognized tax benefits:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 6,246 
   
   
 $ 
 11,896 
   
 
   Gross decreases for tax positions taken during prior years 
    
   
 (5,048 
 )  
   
   
 (5,650 
 )  
 
   Settlements with taxing authorities 
    
   
 (494 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
    
 $ 
 704 
   
   
 $ 
 6,246 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Any interest and penalties on income tax assessments or income tax refunds are recognized in the
Consolidated Statements of Income as a component of provision for income taxes. Huntington recognized, $0.2 million of interest benefit, $0.1 million of interest benefit, and $0.1 million of interest expense for the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Total interest accrued was $0.1 million and $2.2 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. All of the gross unrecognized tax benefits would impact the Company’s effective tax rate if
recognized.    The following is a summary of the provision (benefit) for income taxes:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Current tax provision (benefit) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
 $ 
 114,096 
   
   
 $ 
 24,006 
   
   
 $ 
 10,468 
   
 
   State 
    
   
 4,278 
   
   
   
 6,966 
   
   
   
 (5,040 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current tax provision (benefit) 
    
   
 118,374 
   
   
   
 30,972 
   
   
   
 5,428 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax provision (benefit) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
   
 104,099 
   
   
   
 186,396 
   
   
   
 158,709 
   
 
   State 
    
   
 (6,659 
 )  
   
   
 (33,273 
 )  
   
   
 484 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax provision (benefit) 
    
   
 97,440 
   
   
   
 153,123 
   
   
   
 159,193 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 215,814 
   
   
 $ 
 184,095 
   
   
 $ 
 164,621 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      147
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following is a reconcilement of provision for income taxes:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Provision for income taxes computed at the statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 299,094 
   
   
 $ 
 288,791 
   
   
 $ 
 247,532 
   
 
   Increases (decreases): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax-exempt income 
    
   
 (34,378 
 )  
   
   
 (15,752 
 )  
   
   
 (9,695 
 )  
 
   Tax-exempt bank owned life insurance income 
    
   
 (19,747 
 )  
   
   
 (19,151 
 )  
   
   
 (21,169 
 )  
 
   Dividends 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (17,744 
 )  
 
   General business credits 
    
   
 (39,868 
 )  
   
   
 (49,654 
 )  
   
   
 (31,269 
 )  
 
   State deferred tax asset valuation allowance adjustment, net 
    
   
 (6,020 
 )  
   
   
 (21,251 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Capital loss 
    
   
 (961 
 )  
   
   
 (18,659 
 )  
   
   
 (7,000 
 )  
 
   Affordable housing investment amortization 
    
   
 10,162 
   
   
   
 13,621 
   
   
   
 5,983 
   
 
   State income taxes, net 
    
   
 4,472 
   
   
   
 4,152 
   
   
   
 (2,962 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 3,060 
   
   
   
 1,998 
   
   
   
 945 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 215,814 
   
   
 $ 
 184,095 
   
   
 $ 
 164,621 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, were as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowances for credit losses 
    
 $ 
 244,684 
   
   
 $ 
 282,175 
   
 
   Net operating and other loss carryforward 
    
   
 153,826 
   
   
   
 117,435 
   
 
   Fair value adjustments 
    
   
 115,874 
   
   
   
 84,740 
   
 
   Tax credit carryforward 
    
   
 50,137 
   
   
   
 97,797 
   
 
   Accrued expense/prepaid 
    
   
 39,636 
   
   
   
 39,813 
   
 
   Market discount 
    
   
 20,671 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Partnership investments 
    
   
 20,550 
   
   
   
 7,148 
   
 
   Purchase accounting adjustments 
    
   
 14,096 
   
   
   
 8,383 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 10,437 
   
   
   
 17,883 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
    
   
 669,911 
   
   
   
 655,374 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Lease financing 
    
   
 146,814 
   
   
   
 122,395 
   
 
   Loan origination costs 
    
   
 82,345 
   
   
   
 61,189 
   
 
   Mortgage servicing rights 
    
   
 48,007 
   
   
   
 30,686 
   
 
   Operating assets 
    
   
 46,524 
   
   
   
 35,655 
   
 
   Purchase accounting adjustments 
    
   
 39,578 
   
   
   
 50,704 
   
 
   Securities adjustments 
    
   
 33,719 
   
   
   
 30,713 
   
 
   Pension and other employee benefits 
    
   
 12,608 
   
   
   
 33,898 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 11,313 
   
   
   
 21,447 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 420,908 
   
   
   
 386,687 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax asset before valuation allowance 
    
   
 249,003 
   
   
   
 268,687 
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (111,435 
 )  
   
   
 (64,812 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax asset 
    
 $ 
 137,568 
   
   
 $ 
 203,875 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   At December 31, 2013, Huntington’s net deferred tax asset related to loss and other
carryforwards was $203.9 million. This was comprised of federal net operating loss carryforwards of $5.4 million, which will begin expiring in 2023, $52.1 million of state net operating loss carryforward, which will begin expiring in 2015, an
alternative minimum tax credit carryforward of $50.1 million, which may be carried forward indefinitely, and a capital loss carryforward of $96.3 million, which will expire in 2015. A valuation allowance of $96.3 million has been
established for the capital loss carryforward because Management believes that it is more likely than not that the realization of this asset will not occur.    In prior periods, Huntington established a full valuation allowance against state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards based on the uncertainty of forecasted state taxable income
expected in applicable jurisdictions in order to utilize the state deferred tax asset and net operating loss carryforwards. Based on current analysis of both positive and negative evidence and projected forecasted state taxable income, the Company
believes that it is more likely than not that a portion of the state deferred tax asset and state net operating loss carryforwards will be realized. As a result of this analysis, the valuation allowance was reduced to $15.1 million at
December 31, 2013, compared to $64.8 million at December 31, 2012, for the portion of the deferred tax asset and state net operating loss carryforwards the Company expects to realize.  
      148
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  18. BENEFIT PLANS  
  Huntington sponsors the Plan, a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees
hired or rehired prior to January 1, 2010. The Plan, which was modified during the current year and no longer accrues service benefits to participants, provides benefits based upon length of service and compensation levels. The funding policy
of Huntington is to contribute an annual amount that is at least equal to the minimum funding requirements but not more than the amount deductible under the Internal Revenue Code. There were no required minimum contributions during 2013.  
 During the 2013 third quarter, the board of directors approved, and management communicated, a curtailment of the Company’s pension
plan effective December 31, 2013. As a result of the accounting treatment for the unamortized prior service pension cost and the change in the projected benefit obligation, a one-time, non-cash, pre-tax gain of approximately $33.9 million
was recognized in the 2013 third quarter. The net gain includes a gain of $34.6 million associated with the Plan and a loss of $0.7 million associated with the SRIP plan.    In addition, Huntington has an unfunded defined benefit post-retirement plan that provides certain healthcare and life insurance benefits to retired employees who have attained the age of 55 and have at
least 10 years of vesting service under this plan. For any employee retiring on or after January 1, 1993, post-retirement healthcare benefits are based upon the employee’s number of months of service and are limited to the actual cost of
coverage. Life insurance benefits are a percentage of the employee’s base salary at the time of retirement, with a maximum of $50,000 of coverage. The employer paid portion of the post-retirement health and life insurance plan was eliminated
for employees retiring on and after March 1, 2010. Eligible employees retiring on and after March 1, 2010, who elect retiree medical coverage, will pay the full cost of this coverage. Huntington will not provide any employer paid life
insurance to employees retiring on and after March 1, 2010. Eligible employees will be able to convert or port their existing life insurance at their own expense under the same terms that are available to all terminated employees.  
 The following table shows the weighted-average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation at December 31, 2013 and 2012,
and the net periodic benefit cost for the years then ended:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
   
 Post-Retirement Benefits 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.89 
 %  
   
   
 3.83 
 %  
   
   
 4.27 
 %  
   
   
 3.28 
 %  
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
    
   
 N.A. 
    
   
   
 4.50 
   
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate (1) 
    
   
 4.15 
   
   
   
 4.57 
   
   
   
 3.28 
   
   
   
 4.34 
   
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 7.63 
   
   
   
 8.00 
   
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
    
   
 4.50 
   
   
   
 4.50 
   
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 N/A—Not Applicable 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The 2013 expense was remeasured as of July 1, 2013. The discount rate was 3.83% from January 1, 2013 to July 1, 2013, and was changed to 4.47% for the
period from July 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013.    The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
is an assumption reflecting the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested or to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. The expected long-term rate of return is established at the beginning
of the plan year based upon historical returns and projected returns on the underlying mix of invested assets.    The following
table reconciles the beginning and ending balances of the benefit obligation of the Plan and the post-retirement benefit plan with the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
   
 Post-Retirement Benefits 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Projected benefit obligation at beginning of measurement year 
    
 $ 
 783,778 
   
   
 $ 
 656,339 
   
   
 $ 
 27,787 
   
   
 $ 
 32,851 
   
 
   Changes due to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 25,122 
   
   
   
 24,869 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 30,112 
   
   
   
 29,215 
   
   
   
 862 
   
   
   
 1,350 
   
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (14,886 
 )  
   
   
 (13,719 
 )  
   
   
 (3,170 
 )  
   
   
 (3,850 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (19,363 
 )  
   
   
 (10,444 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Plan amendments 
    
   
 (13,559 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Plan curtailments 
    
   
 (7,875 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Medicare subsidies 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 564 
   
   
   
 740 
   
 
   Actuarial assumptions and gains and losses 
    
   
 (98,330 
 )  
   
   
 97,518 
   
   
   
 (374 
 )  
   
   
 (3,304 
 )  
 
   Total changes 
    
   
 (98,779 
 )  
   
   
 127,439 
   
   
   
 (2,118 
 )  
   
   
 (5,064 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Projected benefit obligation at end of measurement year 
    
 $ 
 684,999 
   
   
 $ 
 783,778 
   
   
 $ 
 25,669 
   
   
 $ 
 27,787 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      149
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Benefits paid for post-retirement are net of retiree contributions collected by Huntington.
The actual contributions received in 2013 by Huntington for the retiree medical program were $2.9 million.    The following
table reconciles the beginning and ending balances of the fair value of Plan assets at the December 31, 2013 and 2012 measurement dates:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
 
   
    
 Benefits 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of measurement year 
    
 $ 
 633,617 
   
   
 $ 
 538,970 
   
 
   Changes due to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 49,652 
   
   
   
 43,810 
   
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 75,000 
   
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (19,363 
 )  
   
   
 (10,444 
 )  
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (14,886 
 )  
   
   
 (13,719 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total changes 
    
   
 15,403 
   
   
   
 94,647 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of measurement year 
    
 $ 
 649,020 
   
   
 $ 
 633,617 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Huntington’s accumulated benefit obligation under the Plan was $685.0 million and $775.2 million at
December 31, 2013 and 2012. As of December 31, 2013, the accumulated benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of Huntington’s plan assets by $36.0 million and the projected benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of
Huntington’s plan assets by $36.0 million.    The following table shows the components of net periodic benefit costs
recognized in the three years ended December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
   
 Post-Retirement Benefits 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 25,122 
   
   
 $ 
 24,869 
   
   
 $ 
 21,650 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
    
   
   
 $ 
    
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 30,112 
   
   
   
 29,215 
   
   
   
 30,073 
   
   
   
 862 
   
   
   
 1,350 
   
   
   
 1,618 
   
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 (47,716 
 )  
   
   
 (45,730 
 )  
   
   
 (43,290 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Amortization of transition asset 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Amortization of prior service cost 
    
   
 (2,883 
 )  
   
   
 (5,767 
 )  
   
   
 (5,767 
 )  
   
   
 (1,353 
 )  
   
   
 (1,353 
 )  
   
   
 (1,354 
 )  
 
   Amortization of loss 
    
   
 23,044 
   
   
   
 26,956 
   
   
   
 23,494 
   
   
   
 (600 
 )  
   
   
 (332 
 )  
   
   
 (423 
 )  
 
   Curtailment 
    
   
 (34,613 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 8,116 
   
   
   
 5,405 
   
   
   
 5,483 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Benefit costs 
    
 $ 
 1,182 
   
   
 $ 
 34,944 
   
   
 $ 
 31,638 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,091 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (335 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (159 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Included in benefit costs are $1.7 million, $1.1 million, and $0.8 million of plan expenses that were
recognized in the three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011. It is Huntington’s policy to recognize settlement gains and losses as incurred. Assuming no cash contributions are made to the Plan during 2014, Management expects net
periodic pension benefit, excluding any expense of settlements, to approximate $5.9 million for 2014. The postretirement medical and life subsidy was eliminated for anyone that retires on or after March 1, 2010. As such, there were no
incremental net periodic post-retirement benefits costs associated with this plan.    The estimated transition obligation, prior
service credit, and net actuarial loss for the plans that will be amortized from OCI into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is zero, $1.3 million, and a $6.3 million benefit, respectively.  
      150
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  At December 31, 2013 and 2012, The Huntington National Bank, as trustee, held all Plan
assets. The Plan assets consisted of investments in a variety of corporate and government fixed income investments, Huntington mutual funds and Huntington common stock as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 — 
 %  
   
 $ 
 22 
   
    
   
 — 
 %  
 
   Cash equivalents: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Huntington funds—money market 
    
   
 803 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,012 
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Fixed income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Huntington funds—fixed income funds 
    
   
 74,048 
   
    
   
 11 
   
   
   
 84,688 
   
    
   
 13 
   
 
   Corporate obligations 
    
   
 180,757 
   
    
   
 28 
   
   
   
 149,241 
   
    
   
 24 
   
 
   U.S. Government Obligations 
    
   
 51,932 
   
    
   
 8 
   
   
   
 36,595 
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
   U.S. Government Agencies 
    
   
 6,146 
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 7,511 
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Equities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Huntington funds 
    
   
 289,379 
   
    
   
 45 
   
   
   
 312,479 
   
    
   
 49 
   
 
   Exchange Traded Funds 
    
   
 24,705 
   
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Huntington common stock 
    
   
 20,324 
   
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 37,069 
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
   Limited Partnerships 
    
   
 926 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
 $ 
 649,020 
   
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 633,617 
   
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Investments of the Plan are accounted for at cost on the trade date and are reported at fair value. All
of the Plan’s investments at December 31, 2013, are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy, except for corporate obligations, U.S. government obligations, and U.S. government agencies, which are classified as Level 2. In
general, investments of the Plan are exposed to various risks, such as interest rate risk, credit risk, and overall market volatility. Due to the level of risk associated with certain investments, it is reasonably possible changes in the values of
investments will occur in the near term and such changes could materially affect the amounts reported in the Plan assets.    The
investment objective of the Plan is to maximize the return on Plan assets over a long time period, while meeting the Plan obligations. At December 31, 2013, Plan assets were invested 52% in equity investments, and 48% in bonds, with an average
duration of 11.8 years on bond investments. The estimated life of benefit obligations was 11 years. Although it may fluctuate with market conditions, Management has targeted a long-term allocation of Plan assets of 20% to 50% in equity investments
and 80% to 50% in bond investments. The allocation of Plan assets between equity investments and fixed income investments will change from time to time with the allocation to fixed income investments increasing as the funding level increases.
   The following table shows the number of shares and dividends received on shares of Huntington stock held by the Plan:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Shares in Huntington common stock (1) 
    
   
 2,095,304 
   
    
   
 5,764,986 
   
 
   Dividends received on shares of Huntington stock 
    
 $ 
 992 
   
    
 $ 
 1,085 
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   The Plan has acquired and held Huntington common stock in compliance at all times with Section 407 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1978.    At December 31, 2013, the following table shows when benefit payments were expected to be
paid:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Post- 
   
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
    
 Retirement 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Benefits 
   
    
 Benefits 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 44,924 
   
    
 $ 
 2,919 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 43,610 
   
    
   
 2,680 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 41,308 
   
    
   
 2,437 
   
 
   2017 
    
   
 40,736 
   
    
   
 2,228 
   
 
   2018 
    
   
 40,216 
   
    
   
 2,029 
   
 
   2019 through 2022 
    
   
 196,628 
   
    
   
 8,470 
   
 
      151
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Although not required, Huntington may choose to make a cash contribution to the Plan up to
the maximum deductible limit in the 2013 plan year. Anticipated contributions for 2014 to the post-retirement benefit plan are $2.9 million.    The assumed healthcare cost trend rate has an effect on the amounts reported. A one percentage point increase would increase the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation by $150.9 thousand and would
decrease interest costs by $5.7 thousand. A one percentage point decrease would decrease service costs by $111.3 thousand and would increase interest costs by $5.4 thousand.    The 2014 and 2013 healthcare cost trend rate was projected to be 7.5% for pre-65 aged participants and 7.8% for post-65 aged participants. These rates are assumed to decrease gradually until they reach
4.5% for both pre-65 aged participants and post-65 aged participants in the year 2028 and remain at that level thereafter. Huntington updated the immediate healthcare cost trend rate assumption based on current market data and Huntington’s
claims experience. This trend rate is expected to decline over time to a trend level consistent with medical inflation and long-term economic assumptions.    Huntington also sponsors other retirement plans, the most significant being the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and the Supplemental Retirement Income Plan. These plans are nonqualified plans that
provide certain current and former officers and directors of Huntington and its subsidiaries with defined pension benefits in excess of limits imposed by federal tax law. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, Huntington has an accrued pension
liability of $29.2 million and $35.4 million, respectively, associated with these plans. Pension expense for the plans was $4.2 million, $2.5 million, and $1.8 million in 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. During the 2013 third quarter, the board
of directors approved, and management communicated, a curtailment of the Company’s SRIP plan effective December 31, 2013.    The following table presents the amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012 for all of Huntington defined benefit plans:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
    
 $ 
 90,842 
   
    
 $ 
 213,335 
   
   The following tables present the amounts recognized in OCI as of December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011,
and the changes in accumulated OCI for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 (166,078 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (262,187 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (215,628 
 )  
 
   Prior service cost 
    
   
 9,855 
   
   
   
 25,788 
   
   
   
 30,261 
   
 
   Transition liability 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Defined benefit pension plans 
    
 $ 
 (156,223 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (236,399 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (185,364 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Tax (expense) 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Pretax 
   
   
 Benefit 
   
   
 After-tax 
   


 
   Balance, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 (363,691 
 )  
   
 $ 
 127,292 
   
   
 $ 
 (236,399 
 )  
 
   Net actuarial (loss) gain: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amounts arising during the year 
    
   
 118,666 
   
   
   
 (41,532 
 )  
   
   
 77,134 
   
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 29,194 
   
   
   
 (10,218 
 )  
   
   
 18,976 
   
 
   Prior service cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amounts arising during the year 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 (24,514 
 )  
   
   
 8,580 
   
   
   
 (15,934 
 )  
 
   Transition obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
    
 $ 
 (240,345 
 )  
   
 $ 
 84,122 
   
   
 $ 
 (156,223 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Tax (expense) 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Pretax 
   
   
 Benefit 
   
   
 After-tax 
   
 
   Balance, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 (285,177 
 )  
   
 $ 
 99,813 
   
   
 $ 
 (185,364 
 )  
 
   Net actuarial (loss) gain: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amounts arising during the year 
    
   
 (105,527 
 )  
   
   
 36,934 
   
   
   
 (68,593 
 )  
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 33,880 
   
   
   
 (11,858 
 )  
   
   
 22,022 
   
 
   Prior service cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amounts arising during the year 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 (6,865 
 )  
   
   
 2,403 
   
   
   
 (4,462 
 )  
 
   Transition obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
    
 $ 
 (363,691 
 )  
   
 $ 
 127,292 
   
   
 $ 
 (236,399 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      152
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Tax (expense) 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Pretax 
   
   
 Benefit 
   
   
 After-tax 
   
 
   Balance, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 (202,292 
 )  
   
 $ 
 70,803 
   
   
 $ 
 (131,489 
 )  
 
   Net actuarial (loss) gain: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amounts arising during the year 
    
   
 (104,146 
 )  
   
   
 36,451 
   
   
   
 (67,695 
 )  
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 28,077 
   
   
   
 (9,827 
 )  
   
   
 18,250 
   
 
   Prior service cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 (6,811 
 )  
   
   
 2,384 
   
   
   
 (4,427 
 )  
 
   Transition obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization included in net periodic benefit costs 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
    
 $ 
 (285,177 
 )  
   
 $ 
 99,813 
   
   
 $ 
 (185,364 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Huntington has a defined contribution plan that is available to eligible employees. Starting
January 1, 2013, Huntington matched participant contributions, up to the first 4% of base pay contributed to the Plan.  
 The following table shows the costs of providing the defined contribution plan as of December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Defined contribution plan 
    
 $ 
   18,238 
   
    
 $ 
   16,926 
   
    
 $ 
   14,980 
   
   The following table shows the number of shares, market value, and dividends received on shares of
Huntington stock held by the defined contribution plan as of December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Shares in Huntington common stock 
    
   
 13,624,429 
   
    
   
 14,892,094 
   
 
   Market value of Huntington common stock 
    
 $ 
 131,476 
   
    
 $ 
 95,160 
   
 
   Dividends received on shares of Huntington stock 
    
   
 2,567 
   
    
   
 2,414 
   
 
  19. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  
  Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the
general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.    Mortgage loans held for sale  
 Huntington elected to apply the fair value option for mortgage loans originated with the intent to sell which are included in loans held
for sale. Mortgage loans held for sale are classified as Level 2 and are estimated using security prices for similar product types.  
      153
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Available-for-sale securities and trading account securities  
 Securities accounted for at fair value include both the available-for-sale and trading portfolios. Huntington uses prices obtained from
third party pricing services and recent trades to determine the fair value of securities. AFS and trading securities are classified as Level 1 using quoted market prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical securities that Huntington has the
ability to access at the measurement date. 1% of the positions in these portfolios are Level 1, and consist of U.S. Treasury securities and money market mutual funds. When quoted market prices are not available, fair values are classified as Level 2
using quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices of identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, and inputs that are observable for the asset, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of
the financial instrument. 88% of the positions in these portfolios are Level 2, and consist of U.S. Government and agency debt securities, agency mortgage backed securities, asset-backed securities, municipal securities and other securities. For
both Level 1 and Level 2 securities, management uses various methods and techniques to corroborate prices obtained from the pricing service, including reference to dealer or other market quotes, and by reviewing valuations of comparable instruments.
If relevant market prices are limited or unavailable, valuations may require significant management judgment or estimation to determine fair value, in which case the fair values are classified as Level 3. 11% of our positions are Level 3, and
consist of non-agency ALT-A asset-backed securities, private-label CMO securities, pooled-trust-preferred CDO securities and municipal securities. A significant change in the unobservable inputs for these securities may result in a significant
change in the ending fair value measurement of these securities.    The Alt-A, private label CMO and CDO securities portfolios
are classified as Level 3 and as such use significant estimates to determine the fair value of these securities which results in greater subjectivity. The Alt-A and private label CMO securities portfolios are subjected to a monthly review of the
projected cash flows, while the cash flows of the pooled-trust-preferred securities portfolio are reviewed quarterly. These reviews are supported with analysis from independent third parties, and are used as a basis for impairment analysis.
   Alt-A mortgage-backed and private-label CMO securities are collateralized by first-lien residential mortgage loans. The
securities valuation methodology incorporates values obtained from a third party pricing specialist using a discounted cash flow approach and a proprietary pricing model and includes assumptions management believes market participants would use to
value the securities under current market conditions. The model uses inputs such as estimated prepayment speeds, losses, recoveries, default rates that are implied by the underlying performance of collateral in the structure or similar structures,
house price depreciation / appreciation rates that are based upon macroeconomic forecasts and discount rates that are implied by market prices for similar securities with similar collateral structures.  
 CDOs are backed by a pool of debt securities issued by financial institutions. The collateral generally consists of CDO securities and
subordinated debt securities issued by banks, bank holding companies, and insurance companies. A full cash flow analysis is used to estimate fair values and assess impairment for each security within this portfolio. We engage a third party pricing
specialist with direct industry experience in pooled-trust-preferred securities valuations to provide assistance in estimating the fair value and expected cash flows for each security in this portfolio. The PD of each issuer and the market
discount rate are the most significant inputs in determining fair value. Management evaluates the PD assumptions provided by the third party pricing specialist by comparing the current PD to the assumptions used the previous quarter, actual
defaults and deferrals in the current period, and trend data on certain financial ratios of the issuers. Huntington also evaluates the assumptions related to discount rates. Relying on cash flows is necessary because there was a lack of
observable transactions in the market and many of the original sponsors or dealers for these securities are no longer able to provide a fair value that is compliant with ASC 820.  
 Huntington utilizes the same processes to determine the fair value of investment securities classified as held-to-maturity for impairment
evaluation purposes.    Automobile loans    Effective January 1, 2010, Huntington consolidated an automobile loan securitization that previously had been accounted for as an off-balance sheet transaction. As a result, Huntington elected to
account for these automobile loan receivables at fair value per guidance supplied in ASC 825. The automobile loan receivables are classified as Level 3. The key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the automobile loan receivables included
projections of expected losses and prepayment of the underlying loans in the portfolio and a market assumption of interest rate spreads. Certain interest rates are available from similarly traded securities while other interest rates are developed
internally based on similar asset-backed security transactions in the market.    MSRs  
 MSRs do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices. Accordingly, the fair value of these assets is classified as Level
3. Huntington determines the fair value of MSRs using an income approach model based upon our month-end interest rate curve and prepayment assumptions. The model, which is operated and maintained by a third party, utilizes assumptions to estimate
future net servicing income cash flows, including estimates of time decay, payoffs, and changes in valuation inputs and assumptions. Servicing brokers and other sources of information (e.g. discussion with other mortgage servicers and industry
surveys) are used to obtain information on market practice and assumptions. On at least a quarterly basis, third party marks are obtained from at least one service broker. Huntington reviews the valuation assumptions against this market data for
reasonableness and adjusts the assumptions if deemed appropriate. Any recommended change in assumptions and / or inputs are presented for review to the Mortgage Price Risk Subcommittee for final approval.  
      154
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Derivatives    Derivatives classified as Level 1 consist of exchange traded options and forward commitments to deliver mortgage-backed securities which are valued using quoted prices. Asset and liability conversion
swaps and options, and interest rate caps are classified as Level 2. These derivative positions are valued using a discounted cash flow method that incorporates current market interest rates. Derivatives classified as Level 3 consist primarily of
interest rate lock agreements related to mortgage loan commitments. The determination of fair value includes assumptions related to the likelihood that a commitment will ultimately result in a closed loan, which is a significant unobservable
assumption. A significant increase or decrease in the external market price would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement.    Assets and Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis    Assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2013 and 2012 are summarized below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
    
 Netting 
   
   
 Balance at 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Adjustments (1) 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage loans held for sale 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 278,928 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 278,928 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Trading account securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal agencies: Mortgage-backed 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Federal agencies: Other agencies 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 834 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 834 
   
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,180 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,180 
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 32,081 
   
    
   
 478 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 32,559 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 32,081 
   
    
   
 3,492 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 35,573 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale and other securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury securities 
    
   
 51,604 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 51,604 
   
 
   Federal agencies: Mortgage-backed (2) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,566,221 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,566,221 
   
 
   Federal agencies: Other agencies 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 319,888 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 319,888 
   
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 491,455 
   
    
   
 654,537 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,145,992 
   
 
   Private-label CMO 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 16,964 
   
    
   
 32,140 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 49,104 
   
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 983,621 
   
    
   
 107,419 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,091,040 
   
 
   Covered bonds 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 285,874 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 285,874 
   
 
   Corporate debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 457,240 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 457,240 
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 16,971 
   
    
   
 3,828 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 20,799 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 68,575 
   
    
   
 6,125,091 
   
    
   
 794,096 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,987,762 
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 52,286 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 52,286 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   MSRs 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 34,236 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 34,236 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivative assets 
    
   
 36,774 
   
    
   
 219,045 
   
    
   
 3,066 
   
    
   
 (58,856 
 )  
   
   
 200,029 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
    
   
 22,787 
   
    
   
 124,123 
   
    
   
 676 
   
    
   
 (18,312 
 )  
   
   
 129,274 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,089 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,089 
   
      155
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     
    
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
    
 Netting 
   
   
 Balance at 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Adjustments (1) 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage loans held for sale 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 452,949 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 452,949 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Trading account securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal agencies: Mortgage-backed 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 15,218 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 15,218 
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 75,729 
   
    
   
 258 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 75,987 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 75,729 
   
    
   
 15,476 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 91,205 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale and other securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury securities 
    
   
 52,311 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 52,311 
   
 
   Federal agencies: Mortgage-backed (2) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 4,264,670 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 4,264,670 
   
 
   Federal agencies: Other agencies (3) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 359,626 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 359,626 
   
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 439,772 
   
    
   
 61,228 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 501,000 
   
 
   Private-label CMO 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 22,793 
   
    
   
 48,775 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 71,568 
   
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 919,046 
   
    
   
 110,037 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,029,083 
   
 
   Covered bonds 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 290,625 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 290,625 
   
 
   Corporate debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 668,142 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 668,142 
   
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 17,177 
   
    
   
 3,898 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 21,075 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 69,488 
   
    
   
 6,968,572 
   
    
   
 220,040 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,258,100 
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 142,762 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 142,762 
   
 
   MSRs 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 35,202 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 35,202 
   
 
   Derivative assets 
    
   
 6,368 
   
    
   
 465,517 
   
    
   
 13,180 
   
    
   
 (99,368 
 )  
   
   
 385,697 
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
    
   
 6,813 
   
    
   
 228,312 
   
    
   
 478 
   
    
   
 (83,415 
 )  
   
   
 152,188 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Company to settle positive and negative positions and cash collateral held
or placed with the same counterparties.  
 
 
 (2) 
 During 2013 and 2012, Huntington transferred $292.2 million and $278.2 million, respectively of federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities from the available-for-sale
securities portfolio to the held-to-maturity securities portfolio. These securities are valued at amortized cost and no longer classified within the fair value hierarchy. All securities were previously classified as Level 2 in the fair value
hierarchy.  
 
 
 (3) 
 During 2012, Huntington transferred $0.5 million of federal agencies: other agencies securities from the available-for-sale securities portfolio to the held-to-maturity
securities portfolio. These securities are valued at amortized cost and no longer classified within the fair value hierarchy. All securities were previously classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.  
 The tables below present a rollforward of the balance sheet amounts for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011 for
financial instruments measured on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3. The classification of an item as Level 3 is based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. However, Level 3 measurements may
also include observable components of value that can be validated externally. Accordingly, the gains and losses in the table below include changes in fair value due in part to observable factors that are part of the valuation methodology:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Year
ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Available-for-sale securities 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 MSRs 
   
   
 Derivative instruments 
   
   
 Municipal securities 
   
   
 Private- label CMO 
   
   
 Asset- backed securities 
   
   
 Automobile loans 
   


 
   Balance, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 35,202 
   
   
 $ 
 12,702 
   
   
 $ 
 61,228 
   
   
 $ 
 48,775 
   
   
 $ 
 110,037 
   
   
 $ 
 142,762 
   
 
   Total gains / losses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
    
   
 (966 
 )  
   
   
 (5,944 
 )  
   
   
 2,129 
   
   
   
 (180 
 )  
   
   
 (2,244 
 )  
   
   
 (358 
 )  
 
   Included in OCI 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 9,075 
   
   
   
 1,703 
   
   
   
 35,139 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 600,435 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Sales 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (10,254 
 )  
   
   
 (16,711 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Repayments 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (90,118 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4,368 
 )  
   
   
 (18,330 
 )  
   
   
 (7,904 
 )  
   
   
 (18,802 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
    
 $ 
 34,236 
   
   
 $ 
 2,390 
   
   
 $ 
 654,537 
   
   
 $ 
 32,140 
   
   
 $ 
 107,419 
   
   
 $ 
 52,286 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) for assets held at end of the
reporting date 
    
 $ 
 (966 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5,944 
 )  
   
 $ 
 9,075 
   
   
 $ 
 1,703 
   
   
 $ 
 35,139 
   
   
 $ 
 (358 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      156
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
   
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Available-for-sale securities 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 MSRs 
   
   
 Derivative instruments 
   
   
 Municipal securities 
   
   
 Private label CMO 
   
   
 Asset- backed securities 
   
   
 Automobile loans 
   


 
   Balance, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 65,001 
   
   
 $ 
 (169 
 )  
   
 $ 
 95,092 
   
   
 $ 
 72,364 
   
   
 $ 
 121,698 
   
   
 $ 
 296,250 
   
 
   Total gains / losses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
    
   
 (29,799 
 )  
   
   
 10,617 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (796 
 )  
   
   
 (59 
 )  
   
   
 (1,230 
 )  
 
   Included in OCI 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,637 
 )  
   
   
 8,245 
   
   
   
 23,138 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Sales 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,040 
 )  
   
   
 (15,183 
 )  
   
   
 (20,852 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Repayments 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (152,258 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,254 
   
   
   
 (29,187 
 )  
   
   
 (15,855 
 )  
   
   
 (13,888 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
    
 $ 
 35,202 
   
   
 $ 
 12,702 
   
   
 $ 
 61,228 
   
   
 $ 
 48,775 
   
   
 $ 
 110,037 
   
   
 $ 
 142,762 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) for assets held at end of the
reporting date 
    
 $ 
 (29,799 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5,818 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,637 
 )  
   
 $ 
 8,245 
   
   
 $ 
 23,138 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,230 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
   
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 2011 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Available-for-sale securities 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 MSRs 
   
   
 Derivative instruments 
   
   
 Municipal securities 
   
   
 Private label CMO 
   
   
 Asset- backed securities 
   
   
 Automobile loans 
   
 
   Balance, beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 125,679 
   
   
 $ 
 966 
   
   
 $ 
 149,806 
   
   
 $ 
 121,925 
   
   
 $ 
 162,684 
   
   
 $ 
 522,717 
   
 
   Total gains / losses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
    
   
 (60,678 
 )  
   
   
 211 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,673 
 )  
   
   
 (3,065 
 )  
   
   
 (6,577 
 )  
 
   Included in OCI 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 349 
   
   
   
 2,070 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchases 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,760 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Sales 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (20,958 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Repayments 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (219,890 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,346 
 )  
   
   
 (56,474 
 )  
   
   
 (27,279 
 )  
   
   
 (39,991 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of year 
    
 $ 
 65,001 
   
   
 $ 
 (169 
 )  
   
 $ 
 95,092 
   
   
 $ 
 72,364 
   
   
 $ 
 121,698 
   
   
 $ 
 296,250 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings (or changes in net assets) for assets held at end of the
reporting date 
    
 $ 
 (60,678 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,135 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 (1,494 
 )  
   
 $ 
 595 
   
   
 $ 
 (6,577 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Effective December 31, 2013 approximately $600.4 million of direct purchase municipal instruments were reclassified from C&I loans to available-for-sale
securities.  
      157
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The tables below summarize the classification of gains and losses due to changes in fair
value, recorded in earnings for Level 3 assets and liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
   
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Available-for-sale securities 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 MSRs 
   
   
 Derivative instruments 
   
   
 Municipal securities 
   
    
 Private label CMO 
   
   
 Asset- backed securities 
   
   
 Automobile loans 
   


 
   Classification of gains and losses in earnings: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage banking income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (966 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5,944 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Securities gains (losses) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (336 
 )  
   
   
 (1,466 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Interest and fee income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,129 
   
    
   
 156 
   
   
   
 (778 
 )  
   
   
 (3,569 
 )  
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,211 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (966 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5,944 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,129 
   
    
 $ 
 (180 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,244 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (358 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
   
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Available-for-sale securities 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 MSRs 
   
   
 Derivative instruments 
   
   
 Municipal securities 
   
    
 Private label CMO 
   
   
 Asset- backed securities 
   
   
 Automobile loans 
   
 
   Classification of gains and losses in earnings: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage banking income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (29,799 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,617 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Securities gains (losses) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (1,614 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Interest and fee income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 818 
   
   
   
 (59 
 )  
   
   
 (6,950 
 )  
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,720 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (29,799 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,617 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (796 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (59 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,230 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
   
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 2011 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Available-for-sale securities 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 MSRs 
   
   
 Derivative instruments 
   
   
 Asset- Municipal securities 
   
    
 Private label CMO 
   
   
 backed securities 
   
   
 Automobile loans 
   
 
   Classification of gains and losses in earnings: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage banking income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (60,678 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,635 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Securities gains (losses) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (2,551 
 )  
   
   
 (4,159 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Interest and fee income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 878 
   
   
   
 1,094 
   
   
   
 (11,645 
 )  
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (6,424 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,068 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (60,678 
 )  
   
 $ 
 211 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (1,673 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (3,065 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (6,577 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Assets and liabilities under the fair value option  
 The following table presents the fair value and aggregate principal balance of certain assets and liabilities under the fair value option:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Fair value carrying amount 
   
    
 Aggregate unpaid principal 
   
    
 Difference 
   
    
 Fair value carrying amount 
   
    
 Aggregate unpaid principal 
   
    
 Difference 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage loans held for sale 
    
 $ 
 278,928 
   
    
 $ 
 276,945 
   
    
 $ 
 1,983 
   
    
 $ 
 452,949 
   
    
 $ 
 438,254 
   
    
 $ 
 14,695 
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 52,286 
   
    
   
 50,800 
   
    
   
 1,486 
   
    
   
 142,762 
   
    
   
 140,916 
   
    
   
 1,846 
   
 
      158
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following tables present the net gains (losses) from fair value changes, including net
gains (losses) associated with instrument specific credit risk for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Net gains (losses) from fair value changes Year ended
December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage loans held for sale 
    
 $ 
 (12,711 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,284 
   
   
 $ 
 13,842 
   
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 (360 
 )  
   
   
 (1,231 
 )  
   
   
 (6,577 
 )  
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Securitization trust notes payable 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,023 
 )  
   
   
 (7,731 
 )  
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gains (losses) included in fair value changes 
   
 
   
    
 associated with instrument specific credit risk 
   
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automobile loans 
    
 $ 
 2,207 
   
   
 $ 
 2,749 
   
   
 $ 
 6,610 
   
   Assets and Liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis  
 Certain assets and liabilities may be required to be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods subsequent to their initial
recognition. These assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis; however, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment. For the year ended
December 31, 2013, assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Fair Value at December 31, 
   
    
 Quoted Prices In Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Gains/(Losses) For the Year Ended December31, 
   


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Impaired loans 
    
 $ 
 114,256 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 114,256 
   
    
 $ 
 (39,228 
 )  
 
   Other real estate owned 
    
   
 27,664 
    
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 27,664 
   
    
 $ 
 4,302 
   
   Periodically, Huntington records nonrecurring adjustments of collateral-dependent loans measured for
impairment when establishing the ACL. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan. Appraisals are generally obtained to support the fair value of the collateral and incorporate measures such as
recent sales prices for comparable properties and cost of construction. In cases where the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the collateral less cost to sell, an impairment charge is recognized. During the year ended December 31, 2013,
Huntington identified $114.3 million of impaired loans for which the fair value is recorded based upon collateral value. For the year ended December 31, 2013, nonrecurring fair value losses of $39.2 million were recorded within the provision
for credit losses.    Other real estate owned properties are included in accrued income and other assets and valued based on
appraisals and third party price opinions, less estimated selling costs. During the year ended December 31, 2013, Huntington recorded $27.7 million of OREO assets at fair value and recognized gains of $4.3 million, recorded within noninterest
expense.  
      159
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Significant unobservable inputs for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and
nonrecurring basis    The table below presents quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs for assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
 
   
    
 Fair Value at 
   
    
 Valuation 
   
    
 Significant 
    
 Range 
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 Technique 
   
    
   Unobservable Input 
    
   (Weighted Average) 


 
   MSRs 
    
 $ 
 34,236 
   
    
   
 Discounted cash flow 
    
    
 Constant prepayment rate (CPR) 
    
 7%  –  32%(12%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Spread over forward interest rate swap rates 
    
 -158  –  4,216(1,069) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
 
   Derivative assets 
    
   
 3,066 
   
    
   
 Consensus Pricing 
    
    
 Net market price 
    
 -5.25%  –  13.53%(1.3%) 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
    
   
 676 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 Estimated Pull thru % 
    
 50%  –   89%(78%) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
 
   Municipal securities 
    
   
 654,537 
   
    
   
 Discounted cash flow 
    
    
 Discount rate 
    
 1.6%  –  4.5%(2.4%) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
 
   Private-label CMO 
    
   
 32,140 
   
    
   
 Discounted cash flow 
    
    
 Discount rate 
    
 2.9%  –  8.3%(6.3%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Constant prepayment rate (CPR) 
    
 12.0%  –  31.6%(18.0%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Probability of default 
    
 0.1%  –  4.0%(0.7%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Loss Severity 
    
 8.0%  –  64.0%(38.2%) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 107,419 
   
    
   
 Discounted cash flow 
    
    
 Discount rate 
    
 3.7%  –  15.5%(8.1%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Constant prepayment rate (CPR) 
    
 5.7%  –  5.7%(5.7%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Cumulative prepayment rate 
    
 0.0%  –  100%(16.6%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Constant default 
    
 1.4%  –  4.0%(2.8%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Cumulative default 
    
 0.5%  –  100%(18.2%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Loss given default 
    
 20%  –  100%(93.7%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Cure given deferral 
    
 0.0%  –  75%(35.8%) 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Loss severity 
    
 49.0%  –  69.0%(63.5%) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
 
   Automobile loans 
    
   
 52,286 
   
    
   
 Discounted cash flow 
    
    
 Constant prepayment rate (CPR) 
    
 79.2% 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Discount rate 
    
 0.3%  –  5.0%(1.5%) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
 
   Impaired loans 
    
   
 114,256 
   
    
   
 Appraisal value 
    
    
 NA 
    
 NA 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
 
   Other real estate owned 
    
   
 27,664 
   
    
   
 Appraisal value 
    
    
 NA 
    
 NA 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
   The following provides a general description of the impact of a change in an unobservable input on the
fair value measurement and the interrelationship between unobservable inputs, where relevant/significant. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and unobservable inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the discussion
below.    A significant change in the unobservable inputs may result in a significant change in the ending fair value
measurement of Level 3 instruments. In general, prepayment rates increase when market interest rates decline and decrease when market interest rates rise and higher prepayment rates generally result in lower fair values for MSR assets, Private-label
CMO securities, Asset-backed securities, and automobile loans.    Credit loss estimates, such as probability of default,
constant default, cumulative default, loss given default, cure given deferral, and loss severity, are driven by the ability of the borrowers to pay their loans and the value of the underlying collateral and are impacted by changes in macroeconomic
conditions, typically increasing when economic conditions worsen and decreasing when conditions improve. An increase in the estimated prepayment rate typically results in a decrease in estimated credit losses and vice versa. Higher credit loss
estimates generally result in lower fair values. Credit spreads generally increase when liquidity risks and market volatility increase and decrease when liquidity conditions and market volatility improve.  
 Discount rates and spread over forward interest rate swap rates typically increase when market interest rates increase and/or credit and
liquidity risks increase and decrease when market interest rates decline and/or credit and liquidity conditions improve. Higher discount rates and credit spreads generally result in lower fair market values.  
 Net market price and pull through percentages generally increase when market interest rates increase and decline when market interest
rates decline. Higher net market price and pull through percentages generally result in higher fair values.  
      160
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fair values of financial instruments    The following table provides the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of Huntington’s financial instruments that are carried either at fair value or cost at December 31, 2013 and
December 31, 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying 
   
    
 Fair 
   
    
 Carrying 
   
    
 Fair 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Value 
   


 
   Financial Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and short-term assets 
    
 $ 
 1,058,175 
   
    
 $ 
 1,058,175 
   
    
 $ 
 1,333,727 
   
    
 $ 
 1,333,727 
   
 
   Trading account securities 
    
   
 35,573 
   
    
   
 35,573 
   
    
   
 91,205 
   
    
   
 91,205 
   
 
   Loans held for sale 
    
   
 326,212 
   
    
   
 326,212 
   
    
   
 764,309 
   
    
   
 773,013 
   
 
   Available-for-sale and other securities 
    
   
 7,308,753 
   
    
   
 7,308,753 
   
    
   
 7,566,175 
   
    
   
 7,566,175 
   
 
   Held-to-maturity securities 
    
   
 3,836,667 
   
    
   
 3,760,898 
   
    
   
 1,743,876 
   
    
   
 1,794,105 
   
 
   Net loans and direct financing leases 
    
   
 42,472,630 
   
    
   
 40,976,014 
   
    
   
 39,959,350 
   
    
   
 38,401,965 
   
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 200,029 
   
    
   
 200,029 
   
    
   
 385,697 
   
    
   
 385,697 
   
 
   Financial Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 47,506,718 
   
    
   
 48,132,550 
   
    
   
 46,252,683 
   
    
   
 46,330,715 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 552,143 
   
    
   
 543,552 
   
    
   
 589,814 
   
    
   
 584,671 
   
 
   Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 1,808,293 
   
    
   
 1,808,558 
   
    
   
 1,008,959 
   
    
   
 1,008,959 
   
 
   Other long term debt 
    
   
 1,349,119 
   
    
   
 1,342,890 
   
    
   
 158,784 
   
    
   
 156,719 
   
 
   Subordinated notes 
    
   
 1,100,860 
   
    
   
 1,073,116 
   
    
   
 1,197,091 
   
    
   
 1,183,827 
   
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 129,274 
   
    
   
 129,274 
   
    
   
 152,188 
   
    
   
 152,188 
   
   The following table presents the level in the fair value hierarchy for the estimated fair values of only
Huntington’s financial instruments that are not already on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
    
 Balance at 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   


 
   Financial Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans held for sale 
    
 $ 
 —    
    
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —    
   
    
 $ 
 —    
   
 
   Held-to-maturity securities 
    
   
 —    
    
    
   
 3,760,898 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,760,898 
   
 
   Net loans and direct financing leases 
    
   
 —    
    
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 40,976,014 
   
    
   
 40,976,014 
   
 
   Financial liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 42,279,542 
   
    
   
 5,853,008 
   
    
   
 48,132,550 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 543,552 
   
    
   
 543,552 
   
 
   Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,808,558 
   
    
   
 1,808,558 
   
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,342,890 
   
    
   
 1,342,890 
   
 
   Subordinated notes 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,073,116 
   
    
   
 1,073,116 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
    
 Balance at 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   Financial Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans held for sale 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 316,007 
   
    
 $ 
 316,007 
   
 
   Held-to-maturity securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,794,105 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,794,105 
   
 
   Net loans and direct financing leases 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 38,259,203 
   
    
   
 38,259,203 
   
 
   Financial liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 39,136,127 
   
    
   
 7,194,588 
   
    
   
 46,330,715 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 584,671 
   
    
   
 584,671 
   
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,124 
   
    
   
 154,595 
   
    
   
 156,719 
   
 
   Subordinated notes 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,183,827 
   
    
   
 1,183,827 
   
   The short-term nature of certain assets and liabilities result in their carrying value approximating fair
value. These include trading account securities, customers’ acceptance liabilities, short-term borrowings, bank acceptances outstanding, FHLB advances, and cash and short-term assets, which include cash and due from banks, interest-bearing
deposits in banks, and federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements. Loan commitments and letters of credit generally have short-term, variable-rate features and contain clauses that limit Huntington’s exposure to changes
in customer credit quality. Accordingly, their carrying values, which are immaterial at the respective balance sheet dates, are reasonable estimates of fair value. Not all the financial instruments listed in the table above are subject to the
disclosure provisions of ASC Topic 820.  
      161
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Certain assets, the most significant being operating lease assets, bank owned life
insurance, and premises and equipment, do not meet the definition of a financial instrument and are excluded from this disclosure. Similarly, mortgage and nonmortgage servicing rights, deposit base, and other customer relationship intangibles are
not considered financial instruments and are not included above. Accordingly, this fair value information is not intended to, and does not, represent Huntington’s underlying value. Many of the assets and liabilities subject to the disclosure
requirements are not actively traded, requiring fair values to be estimated by Management. These estimations necessarily involve the use of judgment about a wide variety of factors, including but not limited to, relevancy of market prices of
comparable instruments, expected future cash flows, and appropriate discount rates.    The following methods and assumptions
were used by Huntington to estimate the fair value of the remaining classes of financial instruments:    Held-to-maturity securities
   Fair values are determined by using models that are based on security-specific details, as well as relevant industry and economic factors.
The most significant of these inputs are quoted market prices, and interest rate spreads on relevant benchmark securities.    Loans and
Direct Financing Leases    Variable-rate loans that reprice frequently are based on carrying amounts, as adjusted for estimated credit
losses. The fair values for other loans and leases are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses and employ interest rates currently being offered for loans and leases with similar terms. The rates take into account the position of the yield
curve, as well as an adjustment for prepayment risk, operating costs, and profit. This value is also reduced by an estimate of expected losses and the credit risk associated in the loan and lease portfolio. The valuation of the loan portfolio
reflected discounts that Huntington believed are consistent with transactions occurring in the market place.    Deposits  
 Demand deposits, savings accounts, and money market deposits are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair values of fixed-rate time
deposits are estimated by discounting cash flows using interest rates currently being offered on certificates with similar maturities.  
 Debt    Fixed-rate, long-term debt is
based upon quoted market prices, which are inclusive of Huntington’s credit risk. In the absence of quoted market prices, discounted cash flows using market rates for similar debt with the same maturities are used in the determination of fair
value.  
  20. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
  Derivative financial instruments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as either an asset or a liability (in
accrued income and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities, respectively) and measured at fair value.    Derivatives used in
Asset and Liability Management Activities    Huntington engages in balance sheet hedging activity, principally for asset
liability management purposes, to convert fixed rate assets or liabilities into floating rate or vice versa. Balance sheet hedging activity is arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and is classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges.
Fair value hedges are purchased to convert deposits and subordinated and other long-term debt from fixed-rate obligations to floating rate. Cash flow hedges are used to convert floating rate loans made to customers into fixed rate loans.  
 The following table presents the gross notional values of derivatives used in Huntington’s asset and liability management activities
at December 31, 2013, identified by the underlying interest rate-sensitive instruments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Cash Flow 
   
    
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Hedges 
   
    
 Hedges 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Instruments associated with: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 8,548,000 
   
    
 $ 
 8,548,000 
   
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 96,300 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 96,300 
   
 
   Subordinated notes 
    
   
 598,000 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 598,000 
   
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
   
 1,285,000 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,285,000 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total notional value at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,979,300 
   
    
 $ 
 8,548,000 
   
    
 $ 
 10,527,300 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      162
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents additional information about the interest rate swaps and caps
used in Huntington’s asset and liability management activities at December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Average 
   
    
   
   
   
 Weighted-Average 
   
 
   
    
 Notional 
   
    
 Maturity 
   
    
 Fair 
   
   
 Rate 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands ) 
    
 Value 
   
    
 (years) 
   
    
 Value 
   
   
 Receive 
   
   
 Pay 
   


 
   Asset conversion swaps 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Receive fixed—generic 
    
 $ 
 8,548,000 
   
    
   
 2.8 
   
    
 $ 
 (31,446 
 )  
   
   
 0.93  
 %  
   
   
 0.40  
 %  
 
   Liability conversion swaps 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Receive fixed—generic 
    
   
 1,979,300 
   
    
   
 3.7 
   
    
   
 56,123 
   
   
   
 2.14 
   
   
   
 0.27 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total swap portfolio 
    
 $ 
 10,527,300 
   
    
   
 3.0 
   
    
 $ 
 24,677 
   
   
   
 1.16  
 %  
   
   
 0.37  
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   These derivative financial instruments were entered into for the purpose of managing the interest rate
risk of assets and liabilities. Consequently, net amounts receivable or payable on contracts hedging either interest earning assets or interest bearing liabilities were accrued as an adjustment to either interest income or interest expense. The net
amounts resulted in an increase to net interest income of $95.4 million, $107.5 million, and $113.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.  
 In connection with the sale of Huntington’s Class B Visa ®  shares, Huntington entered into a swap agreement with the purchaser of the shares. The swap agreement adjusts for dilution in the conversion ratio of Class B shares
resulting from the Visa ®  litigation. At December 31, 2013, the fair value of the swap liability of $0.4 million is an estimate of the exposure liability based
upon Huntington’s assessment of the potential Visa ®  litigation losses.    The following table presents the fair values at December 31, 2013 and 2012 of Huntington’s derivatives that are designated and not designated as hedging instruments. Amounts in the table below
are presented gross without the impact of any net collateral arrangements:    Asset derivatives included in accrued income and other assets
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Interest rate contracts designated as hedging instruments 
    
 $ 
 49,998 
   
    
 $ 
 169,222 
   
 
   Interest rate contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
    
   
 169,047 
   
    
   
 296,295 
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
    
   
 28,499 
   
    
   
 5,605 
   
 
   Commodity contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
    
   
 4,278 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total contracts 
    
 $ 
 251,822 
   
    
 $ 
 471,122 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
     Liability derivatives included in accrued expenses and other liabilities
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   Interest rate contracts designated as hedging instruments 
    
 $ 
 25,321 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Interest rate contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
    
   
 99,247 
   
    
   
 228,757 
   
 
   Foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
    
   
 18,909 
   
    
   
 4,655 
   
 
   Commodity contracts not designated as hedging instruments 
    
   
 3,838 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total contracts 
    
 $ 
 147,315 
   
    
 $ 
 233,412 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The changes in fair value of the fair value hedges are, to the extent that the hedging relationship is
effective, recorded through earnings and offset against changes in the fair value of the hedged item.  
      163
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents the change in fair value for derivatives designated as fair
value hedges as well as the offsetting change in fair value on the hedged item:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in fair value of interest rate swaps hedging deposits (1) 
    
 $ 
 (4,006 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,526 
 )  
   
 $ 
 801 
   
 
   Change in fair value of hedged deposits (1) 
    
   
 4,003 
   
   
   
 2,601 
   
   
   
 (1,050 
 )  
 
   Change in fair value of interest rate swaps hedging subordinated notes (2) 
    
   
 (44,699 
 )  
   
   
 1,432 
   
   
   
 45,480 
   
 
   Change in fair value of hedged subordinated notes (2) 
    
   
 44,699 
   
   
   
 (1,432 
 )  
   
   
 (45,480 
 )  
 
   Change in fair value of interest rate swaps hedging other long-term debt (2) 
    
   
 (5,716 
 )  
   
   
 114 
   
   
   
 2,493 
   
 
   Change in fair value of hedged other long-term debt (2) 
    
   
 6,843 
   
   
   
 (114 
 )  
   
   
 (2,493 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Effective portion of the hedging relationship is recognized in Interest expense—deposits in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Any resulting ineffective
portion of the hedging relationship is recognized in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Effective portion of the hedging relationship is recognized in Interest expense—subordinated notes and other-long-term debt in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. Any resulting ineffective portion of the hedging relationship is recognized in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.    To the extent these derivatives are effective in offsetting the variability of the hedged cash flows, changes in the derivatives’ fair value will not be included in current earnings but are reported
as a component of OCI in the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity. These changes in fair value will be included in earnings of future periods when earnings are also affected by the changes in the hedged cash flows. To the extent
these derivatives are not effective, changes in their fair values are immediately included in noninterest income.    The
following table presents the gains and (losses) recognized in OCI and the location in the Consolidated Statements of Income of gains and (losses) reclassified from OCI into earnings for derivatives designated as effective cash flow hedges:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives in cash   flow hedging 
 relationships 
    
 Amount of gain or (loss) recognized in OCI on derivatives (effective portion) 
   
    
 
 Location of gain or (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI into earnings (effective
portion) 
    
 Amount of (gain) or loss reclassified from accumulated OCI into earnings (effective
portion) (pre-tax) 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
    
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans 
    
 $ 
 (56,056 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,866 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,469 
   
    
 Interest and fee income—loans and leases 
    
 $ 
 (14,979 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,849 
   
    
 $ 
 3,080 
   
 
   Investment securities 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (703 
 )  
   
   
 703 
   
    
 Interest and fee income—investment securities 
    
   
 (209 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Subordinated notes 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
 Interest expense—subordinated notes and other long-term debt 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 143 
   
    
   
 27 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (56,056 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (3,569 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,172 
   
    
 
    
 $ 
 (15,188 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,992 
   
    
 $ 
 3,107 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Reclassified gains and losses on swaps related to loans and investment securities and swaps related to
subordinated debt are recorded within interest income and interest expense, respectively. During the next twelve months, Huntington expects to reclassify to earnings $26.4 million after-tax, of unrealized gains on cash flow hedging derivatives
currently in OCI.    The following table presents the gains and (losses) recognized in noninterest income for the ineffective
portion of interest rate contracts for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges for the years ending December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans 
    
 $ 
 878 
   
    
 $ 
 (179 
 )  
   
 $ 
 98 
   
 
      164
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Derivatives used in trading activities  
 Various derivative financial instruments are offered to enable customers to meet their financing and investing objectives and for their
risk management purposes. Derivative financial instruments used in trading activities consisted predominantly of interest rate swaps, but also included interest rate caps, floors, and futures, as well as foreign exchange options and commodity
contracts. Interest rate options grant the option holder the right to buy or sell an underlying financial instrument for a predetermined price before the contract expires. Interest rate futures are commitments to either purchase or sell a financial
instrument at a future date for a specified price or yield and may be settled in cash or through delivery of the underlying financial instrument. Interest rate caps and floors are option-based contracts that entitle the buyer to receive cash
payments based on the difference between a designated reference rate and a strike price, applied to a notional amount. Written options, primarily caps, expose Huntington to market risk but not credit risk. Purchased options contain both credit and
market risk. The interest rate risk of these customer derivatives is mitigated by entering into similar derivatives having offsetting terms with other counterparties. The credit risk to these customers is evaluated and included in the calculation of
fair value.    The net fair values of these derivative financial instruments, for which the gross amounts are included in
accrued income and other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities at December 31, 2013 and 2012, were $80.5 million and $63.4 million, respectively. The total notional values of derivative financial instruments used by Huntington on
behalf of customers, including offsetting derivatives, were $14.3 billion and $12.0 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Huntington’s credit risks from interest rate swaps used for trading purposes were $160.4 million and
$296.1 million at the same dates, respectively.    Financial assets and liabilities that are offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
   Huntington records derivatives at fair value as further described in Note 19. Huntington records these derivatives net of
any master netting arrangement in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Collateral agreements are regularly entered into as part of the underlying derivative agreements with Huntington’s counterparties to mitigate counterparty credit risk.
   All derivatives are carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Derivative balances are presented on a net
basis taking into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements. Cash collateral exchanged with counterparties is also netted against the applicable derivative fair values. Huntington enters into derivative transactions
with two primary groups: broker-dealers and banks, and Huntington’s customers. Different methods are utilized for managing counterparty credit exposure and credit risk for each of these groups.  
 Huntington enters into transactions with broker-dealers and banks for various risk management purposes. These types of transactions
generally are high dollar volume. Huntington enters into bilateral collateral and master netting agreements with these counterparties, and routinely exchange cash and high quality securities collateral with these counterparties. Huntington enters
into transactions with customers to meet their financing, investing, payment and risk management needs. These types of transactions generally are low dollar volume. Huntington generally enters into master netting agreements with customer
counterparties, however collateral is generally not exchanged with customer counterparties.    At December 31, 2013 and
December 31, 2012, aggregate credit risk associated with these derivatives, net of collateral that has been pledged by the counterparty, was $15.2 million and $17.4 million, respectively. The credit risk associated with interest rate swaps is
calculated after considering master netting agreements with broker-dealers and banks.    At December 31, 2013, Huntington
pledged $113.7 million of investment securities and cash collateral to counterparties, while other counterparties pledged $98.2 million of investment securities and cash collateral to Huntington to satisfy collateral netting agreements. In the event
of credit downgrades, Huntington would not be required to provide additional collateral.    The following tables present the gross amounts of
these assets and liabilities with any offsets to arrive at the net amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative Assets 
    
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
 Gross amounts not offset in the consolidated balance sheets 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Gross amounts of recognized assets 
   
    
 Gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets 
   
   
 Net amounts of assets presented in the consolidated balance sheets 
   
    
 Financial instruments 
   
   
 cash collateral received 
   
   
 Net amount 
   
 
   Offsetting of Financial Assets and Derivative Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   December 31, 2013       Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 300,903 
   
    
 $ 
 (111,458 
 )  
   
 $ 
 189,445 
   
    
 $ 
 (35,205 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (360 
 )  
   
 $ 
 153,880 
   
 
   December 31, 2012       Derivatives 
    
   
 473,374 
   
    
   
 (101,620 
 )  
   
   
 371,754 
    
    
   
 (62,409 
 )  
   
   
 (755 
 )  
   
   
 308,590 
   
 
      165
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities 
    
 
   
    
   
    
   
   
    
 Gross amounts not offset in the consolidated balance sheets 
   
   
   
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Gross amounts of recognized liabilities 
   
    
 Gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets 
   
   
 Net amounts of assets presented in the consolidated balance sheets 
   
    
 Financial instruments 
   
   
 cash collateral received 
   
   
 Net amount 
   
 
   Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities 
      
 
   December 31, 2013 
    
     Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 196,397 
   
    
 $ 
 (76,539 
 )  
   
 $ 
 119,858 
   
    
 $ 
 (86,204 
 )  
   
 $ 
 290 
   
   
 $ 
 33,944 
   
 
   December 31, 2012 
    
     Derivatives 
    
   
 235,664 
   
    
   
 (85,667 
 )  
   
   
 149,997 
    
    
   
 (97,233 
 )  
   
   
 (455 
 )  
   
   
 52,309 
   
   Derivatives used in mortgage banking activities  
 Huntington also uses certain derivative financial instruments to offset changes in value of its residential MSRs. These derivatives
consist primarily of forward interest rate agreements and forward commitments to deliver mortgage-backed securities. The derivative instruments used are not designated as hedges. Accordingly, such derivatives are recorded at fair value with changes
in fair value reflected in mortgage banking income .  The following table summarizes the derivative assets and liabilities used in mortgage banking activities:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Derivative assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate lock agreements 
    
 $ 
 3,066 
   
   
 $ 
 13,180 
   
 
   Forward trades and options 
    
   
 3,997 
   
   
   
 763 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total derivative assets 
    
   
 7,063 
   
   
   
 13,943 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Derivative liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate lock agreements 
    
   
 (231 
 )  
   
   
 (33 
 )  
 
   Forward trades and options 
    
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 (2,158 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total derivative liabilities 
    
   
 (271 
 )  
   
   
 (2,191 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net derivative asset (liability) 
    
 $ 
 6,792 
   
   
 $ 
 11,752 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The total notional value of these derivative financial instruments at December 31, 2013 and 2012,
was $0.5 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively. The total notional amount at December 31, 2013 corresponds to trading assets with a fair value of $0.9 million and trading liabilities with a fair value of $1.1 million. Net trading gains
(losses) related to MSR hedging for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, were $(25.0) million, $31.3 million, and $42.1 million, respectively. These amounts are included in mortgage banking income in the Consolidated Statements of
Income.  
  21. VIEs  
  Consolidated VIEs    Consolidated VIEs at December 31, 2013 consisted of automobile loan and lease securitization trusts formed in 2009 and 2006. Huntington has determined the trusts are VIEs. Huntington has concluded
that it is the primary beneficiary of these trusts because it has the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly affect the entity’s economic performance and it has either the obligation to absorb losses of the entity
that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE.  
      166
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following tables present the carrying amount and classification of the consolidated
trusts’ assets and liabilities that were included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2009 
   
    
 2006 
   
   
 Other 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Automobile 
   
    
 Automobile 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Trust 
   
    
 Trust 
   
   
 Trusts 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 December 31, 2013 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 8,580 
   
    
 $ 
 79,153 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 87,733 
   
 
   Loans and leases 
    
   
 52,286 
   
    
   
 151,171 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 203,457 
   
 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (711 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (711 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net loans and leases 
    
   
 52,286 
   
    
   
 150,460 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 202,746 
   
 
   Accrued income and other assets 
    
   
 235 
   
    
   
 485 
   
   
   
 262 
   
    
   
 982 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 61,101 
   
    
 $ 
 230,098 
   
   
 $ 
 262 
   
    
 $ 
 291,461 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Accrued interest and other liabilities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 262 
   
    
   
 262 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 262 
   
    
 $ 
 262 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 2009 
   
    
 2006 
   
   
 Other 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Automobile 
   
    
 Automobile 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Trust 
   
    
 Trust 
   
   
 Trusts 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 12,577 
   
    
 $ 
 91,113 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 103,690 
   
 
   Loans and leases 
    
   
 142,762 
   
    
   
 356,162 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 498,924 
   
 
   Allowance for loan and lease losses 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (2,671 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (2,671 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net loans and leases 
    
   
 142,762 
   
    
   
 353,491 
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 496,253 
   
 
   Accrued income and other assets 
    
   
 617 
   
    
   
 1,353 
   
   
   
 288 
   
    
   
 2,258 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 155,956 
   
    
 $ 
 445,957 
   
   
 $ 
 288 
   
    
 $ 
 602,201 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 2,086 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 2,086 
   
 
   Accrued interest and other liabilities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 288 
   
    
   
 289 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 2,087 
   
   
 $ 
 288 
   
    
 $ 
 2,375 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Huntington services the loans and leases and uses the proceeds from principal and interest payments to
pay the securitized notes during the amortization period. All securitized notes were repaid prior to December 21, 2013. Huntington has not provided financial or other support that was not previously contractually required.  
 Unconsolidated VIEs    The
following tables provide a summary of assets and liabilities included in Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as the maximum exposure to losses associated with interests related to unconsolidated VIEs for which Huntington
holds an interest, but is not the primary beneficiary to the VIE at December 31, 2013 and 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Total Assets 
   
    
 Total Liabilities 
   
    
 Maximum Exposure to Loss 
   


 
   2012-1 Automobile Trust 
    
 $ 
  5,975 
   
    
 $ 
  —   
   
    
 $ 
  5,975 
   
 
   2012-2 Automobile Trust 
    
   
 7,396 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 7,396 
   
 
   2011 Automobile Trust 
    
   
 3,040 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,040 
   
 
   Tower Hill Securities, Inc. 
    
   
 66,702 
    
    
   
 65,000 
    
    
   
 66,702 
   
 
   Trust Preferred Securities 
    
   
 13,764 
   
    
   
 312,894 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Low Income Housing Tax Credit Partnerships 
    
   
 390,639 
    
    
   
 144,376 
    
    
   
 390,639 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 487,516 
   
    
 $ 
 522,270 
   
    
 $ 
 473,752 
   
      167
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   ( dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Total Assets 
   
    
 Total Liabilities 
   
    
 Maximum Exposure to Loss 
   


 
   2012-1 Automobile Trust 
    
 $ 
  12,649 
   
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
  12,649 
   
 
   2012-2 Automobile Trust 
    
   
 13,616 
   
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 13,616 
   
 
   2011 Automobile Trust 
    
   
 7,076 
   
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 7,076 
   
 
   Tower Hill Securities, Inc. 
    
   
 87,075 
   
    
   
 65,000 
   
    
   
 87,075 
   
 
   Trust Preferred Securities 
    
   
 13,764 
   
    
   
 312,894 
   
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Low Income Housing Tax Credit Partnerships 
    
   
 391,878 
   
    
   
 152,047 
   
    
   
 391,878 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
  526,058 
   
    
 $ 
 529,941 
   
    
 $ 
 512,294 
   
   2012-1 AUTOMOBILE TRUST, 2012-2 AUTOMOBILE TRUST, and 2011 AUTOMOBILE TRUST  
 During the 2012 first and fourth quarters, and 2011 third quarter, we transferred automobile loans totaling $1.0 billion, $1.3 billion,
and $1.0 billion, respectively to trusts in separate securitization transactions. The securitizations and the resulting sale of all underlying securities qualified for sale accounting. Huntington has concluded that it is not the primary
beneficiary of these trusts because it has neither the obligation to absorb losses of the entities that could potentially be significant to the VIEs nor the right to receive benefits from the entities that could potentially be significant to the
VIEs. Huntington is not required and does not currently intend to provide any additional financial support to the trusts. Investors and creditors only have recourse to the assets held by the trusts. The interest Huntington holds in the VIEs relates
to servicing rights which are included within accrued income and other assets of Huntington’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The maximum exposure to loss is equal to the carrying value of the servicing asset.  
 TOWER HILL SECURITIES, INC.    In 2010, we transferred approximately $92.1 million of municipal securities, $86.0 million in Huntington Preferred Capital, Inc. (Real Estate Investment Trust) Class E Preferred Stock and cash of $6.1
million to Tower Hill Securities, Inc. in exchange for $184.1 million of Common and Preferred Stock of Tower Hill Securities, Inc. The municipal securities and the REIT Shares will be used to satisfy $65.0 million of mandatorily redeemable
securities issued by Tower Hill Securities, Inc. and are not available to satisfy the general debts and obligations of Huntington or any consolidated affiliates. The transfer was recorded as a secured financing. Interests held by Huntington consist
of municipal securities within available for sale and other securities and Series B preferred securities within other long term debt of Huntington’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The maximum exposure to loss is equal to the carrying value of the
municipal securities.    TRUST-PREFERRED SECURITIES    Huntington has certain wholly-owned trusts whose assets, liabilities, equity, income, and expenses are not included within Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements. These trusts have been
formed for the sole purpose of issuing trust-preferred securities, from which the proceeds are then invested in Huntington junior subordinated debentures, which are reflected in Huntington’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as subordinated notes. The
trust securities are the obligations of the trusts, and as such, are not consolidated within Huntington’s Consolidated Financial Statements. A list of trust-preferred securities outstanding at December 31, 2013 follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Principal amount of 
   
    
 Investment in 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 subordinated note/ 
   
    
 unconsolidated 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Rate 
   
   
 debenture issued to trust (1) 
   
    
 subsidiary 
   


 
   Huntington Capital I 
    
   
 0.94 
 % (2)   
   
 $ 
 111,816 
   
    
 $ 
 6,186 
   
 
   Huntington Capital II 
    
   
 0.87 
 % (3)   
   
   
 54,593 
   
    
   
 3,093 
   
 
   Sky Financial Capital Trust III 
    
   
 1.65 
 % (4)   
   
   
 72,165 
   
    
   
 2,165 
   
 
   Sky Financial Capital Trust IV 
    
   
 1.65 
 % (4)   
   
   
 74,320 
   
    
   
 2,320 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
      
   
 $ 
 312,894 
   
    
 $ 
 13,764 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
       
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents the principal amount of debentures issued to each trust, including unamortized original issue discount.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Variable effective rate at December 31, 2013, based on three month LIBOR + 0.70.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Variable effective rate at December 31, 2013, based on three month LIBOR + 0.625.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Variable effective rate at December 31, 2013, based on three month LIBOR + 1.40.  
 Each issue of the junior subordinated debentures has an interest rate equal to the corresponding trust securities distribution rate.
Huntington has the right to defer payment of interest on the debentures at any time, or from time-to-time for a period not exceeding five years provided that no extension period may extend beyond the stated maturity of the related debentures. During
any such  
      168
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
extension period, distributions to the trust securities will also be deferred and Huntington’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock will be restricted. Periodic cash payments and
payments upon liquidation or redemption with respect to trust securities are guaranteed by Huntington to the extent of funds held by the trusts. The guarantee ranks subordinate and junior in right of payment to all indebtedness of the Company to the
same extent as the junior subordinated debt. The guarantee does not place a limitation on the amount of additional indebtedness that may be incurred by Huntington.    LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDIT PARTNERSHIPS    Huntington makes certain equity
investments in various limited partnerships that sponsor affordable housing projects utilizing the Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) pursuant to Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code. The purpose of these investments is to achieve a
satisfactory return on capital, to facilitate the sale of additional affordable housing product offerings, and to assist in achieving goals associated with the Community Reinvestment Act. The primary activities of the limited partnerships include
the identification, development, and operation of multi family housing that is leased to qualifying residential tenants. Generally, these types of investments are funded through a combination of debt and equity.  
 Huntington is a limited partner in each Low Income Housing Tax Credit Partnership. A separate unrelated third party is the general
partner. Each limited partnership is managed by the general partner, who exercises full and exclusive control over the affairs of the limited partnership. The general partner has all the rights, powers and authority granted or permitted to be
granted to a general partner of a limited partnership under the Ohio Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act. Duties entrusted to the general partner of each limited partnership include, but are not limited to: investment in operating companies,
company expenditures, investment of excess funds, borrowing funds, employment of agents, disposition of fund property, prepayment and refinancing of liabilities, votes and consents, contract authority, disbursement of funds, accounting methods, tax
elections, bank accounts, insurance, litigation, cash reserve, and use of working capital reserve funds. Except for limited rights granted to consent to certain transactions, the limited partner(s) may not participate in the operation, management,
or control of the limited partnership’s business, transact any business in the limited partnership’s name or have any power to sign documents for or otherwise bind the limited partnership. In addition, the general partner may only be
removed by the limited partner(s) in the event the general partner fails to comply with the terms of the agreement and/or is negligent in performing its duties.    Huntington believes the general partner of each limited partnership has the power to direct the activities which most significantly affect their performance of each partnership, therefore, Huntington has
determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of any LIHTC partnership. Huntington uses the equity or effective yield method to account for its investments in these entities. These investments are included in accrued income and other assets. At
December 31, 2013 and 2012, Huntington has commitments of $556.9 million (net of amortization: $390.6) and $532.1 million (net of amortization: $391.9), respectively, of which $412.5 million and $380.0 million, respectively, were funded. The
unfunded portion is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities.  
  22. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities  
  Commitments to extend credit    In the ordinary course of business, Huntington makes various commitments to extend credit that are not reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The contract amounts of these financial
agreements at December 31, 2013, and December 31, 2012, were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Contract amount represents credit risk 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commitments to extend credit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commercial 
    
 $ 
 10,198,327 
   
    
 $ 
 9,209,094 
   
 
   Consumer 
    
   
 6,544,606 
   
    
   
 6,189,447 
   
 
   Commercial real estate 
    
   
 765,982 
   
    
   
 797,605 
    
 
   Standby letters of credit 
    
   
 439,834 
   
    
   
 514,705 
   
   Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain
clauses that permit Huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer’s credit quality. These arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the
pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. Since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily
indicative of future cash requirements. The interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature.  
      169
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of
a borrower to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. Most of these arrangements mature within two years. The
carrying amount of deferred revenue associated with these guarantees was $2.1 million and $1.4 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    Through the Company’s credit process, Huntington monitors the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. When it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid
in full, losses are recognized in the provision for credit losses. At December 31, 2013, Huntington had $440 million of standby letters-of-credit outstanding, of which 84% were collateralized. Included in this $440 million total are
letters-of-credit issued by the Bank that support securities that were issued by customers and remarketed by The Huntington Investment Company, the Company’s broker-dealer subsidiary.  
 Huntington uses an internal loan grading system to assess an estimate of loss on its loan and lease portfolio. The same loan grading
system is used to help monitor credit risk associated with standby letters-of-credit. Under this risk rating system as of December 31, 2013, approximately $96 million of the standby letters-of-credit were rated strong with sufficient asset
quality, liquidity, and good debt capacity and coverage, approximately $343 million were rated average with acceptable asset quality, liquidity, and modest debt capacity; and none were rated substandard with negative financial trends, structural
weaknesses, operating difficulties, and higher leverage.    Commercial letters-of-credit represent short-term, self-liquidating
instruments that facilitate customer trade transactions and generally have maturities of no longer than 90 days. The goods or cargo being traded normally secures these instruments.    Commitments to sell loans    Huntington enters into forward contracts
relating to its mortgage banking business to hedge the exposures from commitments to make new residential mortgage loans with existing customers and from mortgage loans classified as loans held for sale. At December 31, 2013 and 2012,
Huntington had commitments to sell residential real estate loans of $452.6 million and $849.8 million, respectively. These contracts mature in less than one year.    Litigation    The nature of Huntington’s business ordinarily results in
a certain amount of claims, litigation, investigations, and legal and administrative cases and proceedings, all of which are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. When the Company determines it has meritorious defenses to the
claims asserted, it vigorously defends itself. The Company will consider settlement of cases when, in Management’s judgment, it is in the best interests of both the Company and its shareholders to do so.  
 On at least a quarterly basis, Huntington assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings
utilizing the latest information available. For matters where it is probable, the Company will incur a loss and the amount can be reasonably estimated, Huntington establishes an accrual for the loss. Once established, the accrual is adjusted as
appropriate to reflect any relevant developments. For matters where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be estimated, no accrual is established.    In certain cases, exposure to loss exists in excess of the accrual to the extent such loss is reasonably possible, but not probable. Management believes an estimate of the aggregate range of reasonably
possible losses, in excess of amounts accrued, for current legal proceedings is from $0 to approximately $120.0 million at December 31, 2013. For certain other cases, Management cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss at this time.
Any estimate involves significant judgment, given the varying stages of the proceedings (including the fact that many of them are currently in preliminary stages), the existence of multiple defendants in several of the current proceedings whose
share of liability has yet to be determined, the numerous unresolved issues in many of the proceedings, and the inherent uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such proceedings. Accordingly, Management’s estimate will change from
time-to-time, and actual losses may be more or less than the current estimate.    While the final outcome of legal proceedings
is inherently uncertain, based on information currently available, advice of counsel, and available insurance coverage, Management believes that the amount it has already accrued is adequate and any incremental liability arising from the
Company’s legal proceedings will not have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position as a whole. However, in the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters,
if unfavorable, may be material to the Company’s consolidated financial position in a particular period.    The following
is a discussion of certain legal matters and events occurring through the date of this filing:    The Bank has been a defendant
in three lawsuits, which collectively may be material, arising from its commercial lending, depository, and equipment leasing relationships with Cyberco Holdings, Inc. (Cyberco), based in Grand Rapids, Michigan. In November 2004, the Federal Bureau
of Investigation and the IRS raided the Cyberco facilities and Cyberco’s operations ceased. An equipment leasing fraud was uncovered, whereby Cyberco sought financing from equipment lessors and financial institutions,
 
      170
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
including the Bank, allegedly to purchase computer equipment from Teleservices Group, Inc. (Teleservices). Cyberco created fraudulent documentation to close the financing transactions while, in
fact, no computer equipment was ever purchased or leased from Teleservices which proved to be a shell corporation.    On
June 22, 2007, a complaint in the United States District Court for the Western District of Michigan (District Court) was filed by El Camino Resources, Ltd, ePlus Group, Inc., and Bank Midwest, N.A., all of whom had financing relationships with
Cyberco, against the Bank, which alleged that Cyberco defrauded plaintiffs and converted plaintiffs’ property through various means in connection with the equipment leasing scheme and alleged that the Bank aided and abetted Cyberco in
committing the alleged fraud and conversion. The complaint further alleged that the Bank’s actions entitled one of the plaintiffs to recover $1.9 million from the Bank as a form of unjust enrichment. In addition, plaintiffs claimed direct
damages of approximately $32.0 million and additional consequential damages in excess of $20.0 million. On July 1, 2010, the District Court issued an Opinion and Order adopting in full a federal magistrate’s recommendation for summary
judgment in favor of the Bank on all claims except the unjust enrichment claim, and a partial summary judgment was entered on July 1, 2010. On February 6, 2012, the District Court dismissed the remaining count for unjust enrichment
following a finding by the bankruptcy court that the plaintiff must pursue its rights, if any, with respect to that count in a bankruptcy court. The plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on March 2, 2012, appealing the District Court’s
judgment against them on the aiding and abetting and conversion claims. Oral arguments before the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals were held January 24, 2013, and the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court’s judgment in
an opinion issued on April 8, 2013. The plaintiffs then filed a motion for rehearing en banc, which the Sixth Circuit denied on May 30, 2013. The period for plaintiffs to seek review in the United States Supreme Court has passed, and the
case is completed.    The Bank has also been involved with the Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings of both Cyberco, filed on
December 9, 2004, and Teleservices, filed on January 21, 2005. The Cyberco bankruptcy trustee commenced an adversary proceeding against the Bank on December 8, 2006, seeking over $70.0 million he alleged was transferred to the Bank.
The Bank responded with a motion to dismiss and all but the preference claims were dismissed on January 29, 2008. The Cyberco bankruptcy trustee alleged preferential transfers in the amount of approximately $1.2 million. The Bankruptcy Court
ordered the case to be tried in July 2012, and entered a pretrial order governing all pretrial conduct. The Bank filed a motion for summary judgment based on the Cyberco trustee seeking recovery in connection with the same alleged transfers as the
Teleservices trustee in the case described below. The Bankruptcy Court granted the motion in principal part and the parties stipulated to a full dismissal which was entered on June 19, 2012.  
 The Teleservices bankruptcy trustee filed an adversary proceeding against the Bank on January 19, 2007, seeking to avoid and recover
alleged transfers that occurred in two ways: (1) checks made payable to the Bank to be applied to Cyberco’s indebtedness to the Bank, and (2) deposits into Cyberco’s bank accounts with the Bank. A trial was held as to only the
Bank’s defenses. Subsequently, the trustee filed a summary judgment motion on her affirmative case, alleging the fraudulent transfers to the Bank totaled approximately $73.0 million and seeking judgment in that amount (which includes the $1.2
million alleged to be preferential transfers by the Cyberco bankruptcy trustee). On March 17, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court issued an Opinion determining the alleged transfers made to the Bank were not received in good faith from the time period
of April 30, 2004, through November 2004, and that the Bank had failed to show a lack of knowledge of the avoidability of the alleged transfers from September 2003, through April 30, 2004. The trustee then filed an amended motion for
summary judgment on her affirmative case and a hearing was held on July 1, 2011.    On March 30, 2012, the
Bankruptcy Court issued an Opinion on the trustee’s motion determining the Bank was the initial transferee of the checks made payable to it and was a subsequent transferee of all deposits into Cyberco’s accounts. The Bankruptcy Court ruled
Cyberco’s deposits were themselves transfers to the Bank under the Bankruptcy Code, and the Bank was liable for both the checks and the deposits, totaling approximately $73.0 million. The Bankruptcy Court ruled the Bank may be entitled to a
credit of approximately $4.0 million for the Cyberco trustee’s recoveries in preference actions filed against third parties that received payments from Cyberco within 90 days preceding Cyberco’s bankruptcy. Lastly, the Bankruptcy Court
ruled that it will award prejudgment interest to the Teleservices trustee at a rate to be determined. A trial was held on these remaining issues on April 30, 2012, and the Court gave a bench opinion on July 23, 2012. In that opinion, the
Court denied the Bank the $4.0 million credit, but ruled approximately $0.9 million in deposits were either double-counted or were outside the timeframe in which the Teleservices trustee can recover. Therefore, the Bankruptcy Court’s
recommended award was reduced by this $0.9 million. Further, the Bankruptcy Court ruled the interest rate specified in the federal statute governing post-judgment interest, which is based on treasury bill rates, will be the rate of interest for
determining prejudgment interest. The rulings of the Bankruptcy Court in its March 2011 and March 2012 opinions, as well as its July 23, 2012, bench opinion, were not reduced to judgment by the Bankruptcy Court because it lacked jurisdiction to
enter a judgment. Rather, the Bankruptcy Court delivered its report and recommendation to the District Court for the Western District of Michigan, recommending a judgment be entered in the principal amount of $71.8 million, plus interest through
July 27, 2012, in the amount of $8.8 million. The District Court is conducting a  de novo  review of the fact findings and legal conclusions in the Bankruptcy Court’s opinions.   
 In the pending bankruptcy cases of Cyberco and Teleservices, the Bank moved to substantively consolidate the two bankruptcy estates,
principally on the ground that Teleservices was the alter ego and a mere instrumentality of Cyberco at all times. On July 2, 2010, the Bankruptcy Court issued an Opinion and Order denying the Bank’s motions for substantive consolidation of
the two  
      171
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
bankruptcy estates. The Bank appealed that decision to the Bankruptcy Appellate Panel (BAP) for the Sixth Circuit, which ruled that the order denying substantive consolidation would not be a
final order until the Bankruptcy Court issued its opinion on the Bank’s defenses in the Teleservices adversary proceeding, and dismissed the appeal. The Bank appealed the BAP’s decision to the Sixth Circuit. When the Bankruptcy Court
issued its March 17, 2010, opinion in the Teleservices adversary proceeding, the Bank again appealed the order denying substantive consolidation to the BAP, which appeal was held in abeyance pending decision by the Sixth Circuit on the appeal
of the BAP’s 2010 order. On August 30, 2013, the Sixth Circuit affirmed the BAP’s 2010 decision dismissing the original appeal. The Bank filed a status report with the BAP on the second appeal and the trustees moved to dismiss the
second appeal on the ground that the Bankruptcy Court’s orders denying substantive consolidation were still not final orders. The BAP granted the trustees’ motion in an Order dated December 23, 2013.  
 On January 17, 2012, the Company was named a defendant in a putative class action filed on behalf of all 88 counties in Ohio
against MERSCORP, Inc. and numerous other financial institutions that participate in the mortgage electronic registration system (MERS). The complaint alleges that recording of mortgages and assignments thereof is mandatory under Ohio law and
seeks a declaratory judgment that the defendants are required to record every mortgage and assignment on real property located in Ohio and pay the attendant statutory recording fees. The complaint also seeks damages, attorneys’ fees and
costs. Although Huntington has not been named as a defendant in the other cases, similar litigation has been initiated against MERSCORP, Inc. and other financial institutions in other jurisdictions throughout the country.  
 Commitments Under Operating Lease Obligations    At December 31, 2013, Huntington and its subsidiaries were obligated under noncancelable leases for land, buildings, and equipment. Many of these leases contain renewal options and certain leases
provide options to purchase the leased property during or at the expiration of the lease period at specified prices. Some leases contain escalation clauses calling for rentals to be adjusted for increased real estate taxes and other operating
expenses or proportionately adjusted for increases in the consumer or other price indices.    The future minimum rental payments
required under operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2013, were as follows: $48.9 million in 2014, $47.1 million in 2015, $43.1 million in 2016, $40.0 million in 2017,
$37.1 million in 2018, and $189.0 million thereafter. At December 31, 2013, total minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $10.1 million due in the future under noncancelable subleases. At December 31,
2013, the future minimum sublease rental payments that Huntington expects to receive were as follows: $4.7 million in 2014, $3.0 million in 2015, $1.2 million in 2016, $0.5 million in 2017, $0.3 million in 2018, and $0.4 million thereafter. The
rental expense for all operating leases was $55.3 million, $54.7 million, and $53.5 million for 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. Huntington had no material obligations under capital leases.  
  23. OTHER REGULATORY MATTERS  
  Huntington and its bank subsidiary, The Huntington National Bank (the Bank), are subject to various regulatory capital
requirements administered by federal and state banking agencies. These requirements involve qualitative judgments and quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, capital amounts, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory
accounting practices. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material adverse effect on Huntington’s and the Bank’s financial statements. Applicable capital
adequacy guidelines require minimum ratios of 4.00% for Tier 1 risk-based Capital, 8.00% for total risk-based Capital, and 4.00% for Tier 1 leverage capital. To be considered well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action, the ratios must be at least 6.00%, 10.00%, and 5.00%, respectively.    As of December 31, 2013, Huntington and the
Bank met all capital adequacy requirements and had regulatory capital ratios in excess of the levels established for well-capitalized institutions. The period-end capital amounts and capital ratios of Huntington and the Bank are as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Tier 1 risk-based capital 
   
   
 Total risk-based capital 
   
   
 Tier 1 leverage capital 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amount 
    
 $ 
 6,099,629 
   
   
 $ 
 5,741,410 
   
   
 $ 
 7,239,035 
    
   
 $ 
 6,928,339 
   
   
 $ 
 6,099,629 
   
   
 $ 
 5,741,410 
   
 
   Ratio 
    
   
 12.28 
 %  
   
   
 12.02 
 %  
   
   
 14.57 
 %  
   
   
 14.50 
 %  
   
   
 10.67 
 %  
   
   
 10.36 
 %  
 
   The Huntington National Bank 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amount 
    
 $ 
 5,682,067 
   
   
 $ 
 5,003,247 
   
   
 $ 
 6,520,190 
    
   
 $ 
 6,093,620 
   
   
 $ 
 5,682,067 
   
   
 $ 
 5,003,247 
   
 
   Ratio 
    
   
 11.45 
 %  
   
   
 10.49 
 %  
   
   
 13.14 
 %  
   
   
 12.78 
 %  
   
   
 9.97 
 %  
   
   
 9.05 
 %  
 
      172
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Tier 1 risk-based capital consists of total equity plus qualifying capital securities and
minority interest, excluding unrealized gains and losses accumulated in OCI, and non-qualifying intangible and servicing assets. Total risk-based capital is the sum of Tier 1 risk-based capital and qualifying subordinated notes and allowable
allowances for credit losses (limited to 1.25% of total risk-weighted assets). Tier 1 leverage capital is equal to Tier 1 capital. Both Tier 1 capital and total risk-based capital ratios are derived by dividing the respective capital amounts by net
risk-weighted assets, which are calculated as prescribed by regulatory agencies. The Tier 1 leverage capital ratio is calculated by dividing the Tier 1 capital amount by average total assets for the fourth quarter of 2013 and 2012, less
non-qualifying intangibles and other adjustments.    Huntington has the ability to provide additional capital to the Bank to
maintain the Bank’s risk-based capital ratios at levels at which would be considered well-capitalized.    The FRB requires
bank holding companies with assets over $50.0 billion to submit capital plans annually. Per the FRB’s rule, our submission included a comprehensive capital plan supported by an assessment of expected uses and sources of capital over a given
planning time period under a range of expected and stress scenarios. We participated in the FRB’s CapPR process and made our 2013 capital plan submission in January 2013. On March 14, 2013, we announced that the FRB had completed its
review of our 2013 capital plan submission and did not object to our proposed capital actions. The planned actions included the potential repurchase of up to $227 million of common stock and an increase of our common per share dividend from $0.04 to
$0.05 through the 2014 first quarter.    Beginning with our Capital Plan submission in January 2014, we are now subject to the
FRB’s CCAR process. One of the primary additional elements of CCAR are supervisory stress tests conducted by the FRB under different hypothetical macro-economic scenarios in addition to the stress tests routinely conducted by management. After
completing its review, the FRB may object or not object to our proposed capital actions, such as plans to pay or increase common stock dividends or increase common stock repurchase programs. Beginning with our January 2014 submission, we are also
subject to the OCC’s Annual Stress Test at the bank-level. The OCC stipulated that it will consult closely with the FRB to provide common stress scenarios which can be used at both the depository institution and bank holding company levels. We
submitted our 2014 Capital Plan to the Federal Reserve and OCC in January 2014, in accordance with their requirements.  
 Huntington and its subsidiaries are also subject to various regulatory requirements that impose restrictions on cash, debt, and
dividends. The Bank is required to maintain cash reserves based on the level of certain of its deposits. This reserve requirement may be met by holding cash in banking offices or on deposit at the Federal Reserve Bank. During 2013 and 2012, the
average balances of these deposits were $0.3 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively.    Under current Federal Reserve
regulations, the Bank is limited as to the amount and type of loans it may make to the parent company and nonbank subsidiaries. At December 31, 2013, the Bank could lend $652.0 million to a single affiliate, subject to the qualifying collateral
requirements defined in the regulations.    Dividends from the Bank are one of the major sources of funds for the Company. These
funds aid the Company in the payment of dividends to shareholders, expenses, and other obligations. Payment of dividends to the parent company is subject to various legal and regulatory limitations. Regulatory approval is required prior to the
declaration of any dividends in excess of undivided profits or if the total of all dividends declared in a calendar year would exceed the total of net income for the current year combined with retained net income for the preceding two years, less
any required transfers to surplus or common stock. As a result of the deficit position of its undivided profits, prior to December 31, 2013, the Bank could not have declared and paid any cash dividends to the parent company without regulatory
approval.  
      173
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  24. PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  The parent company financial statements, which include transactions with subsidiaries, are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Balance Sheets 
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 966,065 
   
    
 $ 
 921,471 
   
 
   Due from The Huntington National Bank (1) 
    
   
 246,841 
   
    
   
 207,414 
   
 
   Due from non-bank subsidiaries 
    
   
 57,747 
   
    
   
 78,006 
   
 
   Investment in The Huntington National Bank 
    
   
 5,537,582 
   
    
   
 4,754,886 
   
 
   Investment in non-bank subsidiaries 
    
   
 587,388 
   
    
   
 774,055 
   
 
   Accrued interest receivable and other assets 
    
   
 295,206 
   
    
   
 131,358 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 7,690,829 
   
    
 $ 
 6,867,190 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 1,034,266 
   
    
 $ 
 662,894 
   
 
   Dividends payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities 
    
   
 557,240 
   
    
   
 414,085 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 1,591,506 
   
    
   
 1,076,979 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Shareholders’ equity (2) 
    
   
 6,099,323 
   
    
   
 5,790,211 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 7,690,829 
   
    
 $ 
 6,867,190 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Related to subordinated notes described in Note 12.  
 
 
 (2) 
 See Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Statements of Income 
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Dividends from 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Non-bank subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 55,473 
   
   
 $ 
 36,450 
   
   
 $ 
 68,491 
   
 
   Interest from 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   The Huntington National Bank 
    
   
 6,598 
   
   
   
 38,617 
   
   
   
 80,024 
   
 
   Non-bank subsidiaries 
    
   
 3,129 
   
   
   
 5,420 
   
   
   
 8,741 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 2,148 
   
   
   
 1,409 
   
   
   
 1,231 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total income 
    
   
 67,348 
   
   
   
 81,896 
   
   
   
 158,487 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Personnel costs 
    
   
 52,846 
   
   
   
 42,745 
   
   
   
 37,630 
   
 
   Interest on borrowings 
    
   
 20,739 
   
   
   
 28,926 
   
   
   
 35,295 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 36,728 
   
   
   
 35,415 
   
   
   
 37,122 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expense 
    
   
 110,313 
   
   
   
 107,086 
   
   
   
 110,047 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
    
   
 (42,965 
 )  
   
   
 (25,190 
 )  
   
   
 48,440 
   
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
    
   
 (33,958 
 )  
   
   
 (30,761 
 )  
   
   
 (10,707 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (loss) before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
    
   
 (9,007 
 )  
   
   
 5,571 
   
   
   
 59,147 
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in undistributed net income (loss) of: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   The Huntington National Bank 
    
   
 678,191 
   
   
   
 645,151 
   
   
   
 527,418 
   
 
   Non-bank subsidiaries 
    
   
 (30,443 
 )  
   
   
 (9,700 
 )  
   
   
 (43,952 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
   
 $ 
 542,613 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) (1) 
    
   
 (63,192 
 )  
   
   
 22,946 
   
   
   
 23,733 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 575,549 
   
   
 $ 
 663,968 
   
   
 $ 
 566,346 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 See Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for other comprehensive income detail.  
      174
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Statements of Cash Flows 
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 638,741 
   
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
   
 $ 
 542,613 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
    
   
 (718,144 
 )  
   
   
 (688,149 
 )  
   
   
 (567,566 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 513 
   
   
   
 265 
   
   
   
 566 
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 18,506 
   
   
   
 50,714 
   
   
   
 30,980 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities 
    
   
 (60,384 
 )  
   
   
 3,852 
   
   
   
 6,593 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Repayments from subsidiaries 
    
   
 285,792 
   
   
   
 591,923 
   
   
   
 (39,586 
 )  
 
   Advances to subsidiaries 
    
   
 (249,050 
 )  
   
   
 (36,126 
 )  
   
   
 485,863 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities 
    
   
 36,742 
   
   
   
 555,797 
   
   
   
 446,277 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Financing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowings 
    
   
 400,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Payment of borrowings 
    
   
 (50,000 
 )  
   
   
 (236,885 
 )  
   
   
 (5,100 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid on stock 
    
   
 (182,476 
 )  
   
   
 (169,335 
 )  
   
   
 (92,404 
 )  
 
   Repurchases of common stock 
    
   
 (124,995 
 )  
   
   
 (148,881 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Redemption of Warrant to the Treasury 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (49,100 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 25,707 
   
   
   
 (1,031 
 )  
   
   
 (3,479 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 
    
   
 68,236 
   
   
   
 (556,132 
 )  
   
   
 (150,083 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 44,594 
   
   
   
 3,517 
   
   
   
 302,787 
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 921,471 
   
   
   
 917,954 
   
   
   
 615,167 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 966,065 
   
   
 $ 
 921,471 
   
   
 $ 
 917,954 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental disclosure: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest paid 
    
 $ 
 20,739 
   
   
 $ 
 28,926 
   
   
 $ 
 35,295 
   
 
  25. SEGMENT REPORTING  
  We have four major business segments: Retail and Business Banking, Regional and Commercial Banking, Automobile Finance
and Commercial Real Estate, and Wealth Advisors, Government Finance, and Home Lending. A Treasury / Other function includes our insurance business and other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.  
 Segment results are determined based upon the Company’s management reporting system, which assigns balance sheet and income
statement items to each of the business segments. The process is designed around the Company’s organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by
other financial institutions. A description of each segment and table of financial results as of December 31, 2013, is presented below.  
 Retail and Business Banking : The Retail and Business Banking segment provides a wide array of financial products and services to consumer and
small business customers including but not limited to checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, consumer loans, and small business loans and leases. Other financial services available to consumer and small
business customers include investments, insurance services, interest rate risk protection products, foreign exchange hedging, and treasury management services. Huntington serves customers primarily through our network of traditional branches in
Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Indiana, West Virginia, and Kentucky. Huntington also has branches located in grocery stores in Ohio and Michigan. In addition to our extensive branch network, customers can access Huntington through online banking,
mobile banking, telephone banking and ATMs.    Huntington established a “Fair Play” banking philosophy and built a
reputation for meeting the banking needs of consumers in a manner which makes them feel supported and appreciated. Huntington believes customers are recognizing this and other efforts as key differentiators and it is earning us more customers and
deeper relationships.    Business Banking is a dynamic and growing part of our business and we are committed to being the bank
of choice for small businesses in our markets. Business Banking is defined as companies with revenues up to $25 million and consists of approximately 163,000 businesses. Huntington continues to develop products and services that are designed
specifically to meet the needs of small business. Huntington continues to look for ways to help companies find solutions to their capital needs.  
      175
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Regional and Commercial Banking:  This segment provides a wide array of products and services to the
middle market and large corporate customers base located primarily within our eleven regional commercial banking markets. Products and services are delivered through a relationship banking model and include commercial lending, as well as depository
and liquidity management products. Dedicated teams collaborate with our relationship bankers to deliver complex and customized treasury management solutions, equipment leasing, international services, capital markets services such as interest rate
risk protection products, foreign exchange hedging and sales, trading of securities, mezzanine investment capabilities, and employee benefit programs (insurance, 401(k)). The Commercial Banking team specializes in serving a number of industry
segments such as not-for-profit organizations, health-care entities, and large publicly traded companies.    Automobile Finance and
Commercial Real Estate : This segment provides lending and other banking products and services to customers outside of our normal retail and commercial banking segments. Our products and services include financing for the purchase of automobiles
by customers at automotive dealerships, financing the acquisition of new and used vehicle inventory of automotive dealerships, and financing for land, buildings, and other commercial real estate owned or constructed by real estate developers,
automobile dealerships, or other customers with real estate project financing needs. Products and services are delivered through highly specialized relationship-focused bankers and product partners. Huntington creates well-defined relationship plans
which identify needs where solutions are developed and customer commitments are obtained.    The Automotive Finance team
services automobile dealerships, its owners, and consumers buying automobiles through these dealerships. Huntington has provided new and used automobile financing and dealer services throughout the Midwest since the early 1950s. This consistency in
the market and our focus on working with strong dealerships, has allowed us to expand into selected markets outside of the Midwest and to actively deepen relationships while building a strong reputation.  
 The Commercial Real Estate team serves real estate developers, REITs, and other customers with lending needs that are secured by
commercial properties. Most of our customers are located within our footprint.    Wealth Advisors, Government Finance, and Home Lending:
 This segment consists of our wealth management, government banking, and home lending businesses. In wealth management, Huntington provides financial services to high net worth clients in our primary banking markets and Florida. Huntington
provides these services through a unified sales team, which consists of private bankers, trust officers, and investment advisors. Aligned with the eleven regional commercial banking markets, this coordinated service model delivers products and
services directly and through the other segment product partners. A fundamental point of differentiation is our commitment to be in the market, working closely with clients and their other advisors to identify needs, offer solutions and provide
ongoing advice in an optimal client relationship.    The Government Finance Group provides financial products and services to
government and other public sector entities in our primary banking markets. A locally based team of relationship managers works with clients to meet their trust, lending, and treasury management needs.  
 Home Lending originates and services consumer loans and mortgages for customers who are generally located in our primary banking markets.
Consumer and mortgage lending products are primarily distributed through the Retail and Business Banking segment, as well as through commissioned loan originators. Closely aligned, our Community Development group serves an important role as it
focuses on delivering on our commitment to the communities Huntington serves.    The segment also includes the related
businesses of investment management, investment servicing, custody, corporate trust, and retirement plan services. Huntington Asset Advisors provides investment management services through a variety of internal and external channels, including
advising the Huntington Funds, our proprietary family of mutual funds and Huntington Strategy Shares, our actively-managed exchange-traded funds. Huntington Asset Services offers administrative and operational support to fund complexes, including
fund accounting, transfer agency, administration, and distribution services. Our retirement plan services business offers fully bundled and third party distribution of a variety of qualified and non-qualified plan solutions.  
 Treasury / Other function includes our insurance brokerage business, which specializes in commercial property and casualty, employee
benefits, personal lines, life and disability and specialty lines of insurance. Huntington also provides brokerage and agency services for residential and commercial title insurance and excess and surplus product lines of insurance. As an agent and
broker we do not assume underwriting risks; instead we provide our customers with quality, noninvestment insurance contracts. The Treasury / Other function also includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and
expense.  
      176
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Listed below is certain operating basis financial information reconciled to
Huntington’s 2013, 2012, and 2011 reported results by business segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income Statements   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 Retail & Business Banking 
   
    
 Regional & Commercial Banking 
   
    
 AFCRE 
   
   
 WGH 
   
    
 Treasury / Other 
   
   
 Huntington Consolidated 
   


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 813,871 
   
    
 $ 
 276,480 
   
    
 $ 
 356,488 
   
   
 $ 
 172,033 
   
    
 $ 
 85,736 
   
   
 $ 
 1,704,608 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 137,898 
   
    
   
 16,982 
   
    
   
 (71,312 
 )  
   
   
 6,477 
   
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 90,045 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 392,797 
   
    
   
 140,639 
   
    
   
 34,099 
   
   
   
 299,588 
   
    
   
 130,872 
   
   
   
 997,995 
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 964,316 
   
    
   
 219,029 
   
    
   
 149,744 
   
   
   
 365,531 
   
    
   
 59,383 
   
   
   
 1,758,003 
   
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
    
   
 36,559 
   
    
   
 63,388 
   
    
   
 109,254 
   
   
   
 34,865 
   
    
   
 (28,252 
 )  
   
   
 215,814 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 67,895 
   
    
 $ 
 117,720 
   
    
 $ 
 202,901 
   
   
 $ 
 64,748 
   
    
 $ 
 185,477 
   
   
 $ 
 638,741 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 870,146 
   
    
 $ 
 273,869 
   
    
 $ 
 356,442 
   
   
 $ 
 192,681 
   
    
 $ 
 17,386 
   
   
 $ 
 1,710,524 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 136,061 
   
    
   
 10,689 
   
    
   
 (22,962 
 )  
   
   
 23,600 
   
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 147,388 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 385,498 
   
    
   
 138,454 
   
    
   
 84,619 
   
   
   
 351,057 
   
    
   
 138,229 
   
   
   
 1,097,857 
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 982,378 
   
    
   
 203,000 
   
    
   
 154,480 
   
   
   
 376,239 
   
    
   
 119,779 
   
   
   
 1,835,876 
   
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
    
   
 48,022 
   
    
   
 69,522 
   
    
   
 108,340 
   
   
   
 50,365 
   
    
   
 (92,154 
 )  
   
   
 184,095 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 89,183 
   
    
 $ 
 129,112 
   
    
 $ 
 201,203 
   
   
 $ 
 93,534 
   
    
 $ 
 127,990 
   
   
 $ 
 641,022 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2011 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest income 
    
 $ 
 932,385 
   
    
 $ 
 244,392 
   
    
 $ 
 364,449 
   
   
 $ 
 199,536 
   
    
 $ 
 (111,592 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,629,170 
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 120,018 
   
    
   
 11,013 
   
    
   
 (8,939 
 )  
   
   
 51,967 
   
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 174,059 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 405,265 
   
    
   
 127,315 
   
    
   
 77,623 
   
   
   
 248,764 
   
    
   
 121,656 
   
   
   
 980,623 
   
 
   Noninterest expense, 
    
   
 947,794 
   
    
   
 191,701 
   
    
   
 164,626 
   
   
   
 356,513 
   
    
   
 67,866 
   
   
   
 1,728,500 
   
 
   Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
    
   
 94,443 
   
    
   
 59,147 
   
    
   
 100,234 
   
   
   
 13,937 
   
    
   
 (103,140 
 )  
   
   
 164,621 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 175,395 
   
    
 $ 
 109,846 
   
    
 $ 
 186,151 
   
   
 $ 
 25,883 
   
    
 $ 
 45,338 
   
   
 $ 
 542,613 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Assets at December 31, 
   
    
 Deposits at December 31, 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Retail and Business Banking 
    
 $ 
 14,471,854 
   
    
 $ 
 14,362,630 
   
    
 $ 
 28,313,803 
   
    
 $ 
 28,367,264 
   
 
   Regional and Commercial Banking 
    
   
 12,268,717 
   
    
   
 11,540,966 
   
    
   
 6,941,649 
   
    
   
 5,862,858 
   
 
   AFCRE 
    
   
 14,103,800 
   
    
   
 12,085,128 
   
    
   
 1,163,637 
   
    
   
 995,035 
   
 
   WGH 
    
   
 7,590,271 
   
    
   
 7,570,256 
   
    
   
 9,657,174 
   
    
   
 9,507,785 
   
 
   Treasury / Other 
    
   
 11,041,702 
   
    
   
 10,594,205 
   
    
   
 1,430,455 
   
    
   
 1,519,741 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 59,476,344 
   
    
 $ 
 56,153,185 
   
    
 $ 
 47,506,718 
   
    
 $ 
 46,252,683 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  26. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS  
  On October 10, 2013, Huntington announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Camco Financial, the
parent company of Cambridge Ohio-based Advantage Bank, in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $97 million. As of June 30, 2013, Camco operated 22 banking offices throughout eastern and southern Ohio with $0.8 billion in total
assets and $0.6 billion in total deposits. The transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2014, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the approval of the shareholders of
Camco Financial. Given the size and structure, the transaction has a de minimis impact to tangible book value.    On
March 30, 2012, Huntington acquired the loans, deposits and certain other assets and liabilities of Fidelity Bank located in Dearborn, Michigan from the FDIC. Under the agreement, approximately $523.9 million of loans, a receivable of $95.9
million from the FDIC, and $152.3 million of other assets (primarily cash and due from banks and investment securities) were transferred to Huntington. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at fair value in accordance with ASC
805, “Business  
      177
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Combinations”. The fair values for loans were estimated using discounted cash flow analyses using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms (Level 3). This value
was reduced by an estimate of probable losses and the credit risk associated with the loans. The fair values of deposits were estimated by discounting cash flows using interest rates currently being offered on deposits with similar maturities (Level
3). Additionally, approximately $713.4 million of deposits and $45.2 million of other borrowings were assumed. Huntington recognized an $11.2 million bargain purchase gain during the 2012, which is included in other noninterest income.  
  27. Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)  
  The following is a summary of the quarterly results of operations, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
    
 Fourth 
   
    
 Third 
   
    
 Second 
   
    
 First 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 469,824 
   
    
 $ 
 462,912 
   
    
 $ 
 462,582 
   
    
 $ 
 465,319 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 39,175 
   
    
   
 38,060 
   
    
   
 37,645 
   
    
   
 41,149 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
   
 430,649 
   
    
   
 424,852 
   
    
   
 424,937 
   
    
   
 424,170 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 24,331 
   
    
   
 11,400 
   
    
   
 24,722 
   
    
   
 29,592 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 246,628 
   
    
   
 250,503 
   
    
   
 248,655 
   
    
   
 252,209 
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 446,009 
   
    
   
 423,336 
   
    
   
 445,865 
   
    
   
 442,793 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 206,937 
   
    
   
 240,619 
   
    
   
 203,005 
   
    
   
 203,994 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 49,114 
   
    
   
 62,132 
   
    
   
 52,354 
   
    
   
 52,214 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 157,823 
   
    
   
 178,487 
   
    
   
 150,651 
   
    
   
 151,780 
   
 
   Dividends on preferred shares 
    
   
 7,965 
   
    
   
 7,967 
   
    
   
 7,967 
   
    
   
 7,970 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income applicable to common shares 
    
 $ 
 149,858 
   
    
 $ 
 170,520 
   
    
 $ 
 142,684 
   
    
 $ 
 143,810 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per common share — Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.18 
   
    
 $ 
 0.21 
   
    
 $ 
 0.17 
   
    
 $ 
 0.17 
   
 
   Net income per common share — Diluted 
    
   
 0.18 
   
    
   
 0.20 
   
    
   
 0.17 
   
    
   
 0.17 
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
    
 Fourth 
   
    
 Third 
   
    
 Second 
   
    
 First 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 478,995 
   
    
 $ 
 483,787 
   
    
 $ 
 487,544 
   
    
 $ 
 479,937 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 44,940 
   
    
   
 53,489 
   
    
   
 58,582 
   
    
   
 62,728 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net interest income 
    
   
 434,055 
   
    
   
 430,298 
   
    
   
 428,962 
   
    
   
 417,209 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Provision for credit losses 
    
   
 39,458 
   
    
   
 37,004 
   
    
   
 36,520 
   
    
   
 34,406 
   
 
   Noninterest income 
    
   
 297,651 
   
    
   
 261,067 
   
    
   
 253,819 
   
    
   
 285,320 
   
 
   Noninterest expense 
    
   
 470,628 
   
    
   
 458,303 
   
    
   
 444,269 
   
    
   
 462,676 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 221,620 
   
    
   
 196,058 
   
    
   
 201,992 
   
    
   
 205,447 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 54,341 
   
    
   
 28,291 
   
    
   
 49,286 
   
    
   
 52,177 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 167,279 
   
    
   
 167,767 
   
    
   
 152,706 
   
    
   
 153,270 
   
 
   Dividends declared on preferred shares 
    
   
 7,973 
   
    
   
 7,983 
   
    
   
 7,984 
   
    
   
 8,049 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income applicable to common shares 
    
 $ 
 159,306 
   
    
 $ 
 159,784 
   
    
 $ 
 144,722 
   
    
 $ 
 145,221 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per common share — Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.19 
   
    
 $ 
 0.19 
   
    
 $ 
 0.17 
   
    
 $ 
 0.17 
   
 
   Net income per common share — Diluted 
    
   
 0.19 
   
    
   
 0.19 
   
    
   
 0.17 
   
    
   
 0.17 
   
 

      178
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 9: Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure    None.    Item 9A: Controls and Procedures    Disclosure Controls
and Procedures    Huntington maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that the information
required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated
to the issuer’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Huntington’s Management, with
the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of Huntington’s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon such evaluation, Huntington’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, Huntington’s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective.    Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 Information required by this item is set forth in Report of Management and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm which
is incorporated by reference into this item.    Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2013, to which this report relates, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.  
 Item 9B: Other Information    Not applicable.    PART III  
 We refer in Part III of this report to relevant sections of our 2014 Proxy Statement for the 2014 annual meeting of shareholders, which
will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the close of our 2013 fiscal year. Portions of our 2014 Proxy Statement, including the sections we refer to in this report, are incorporated by reference into this report.
   Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
 Information required by this item is set forth under the captions Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Our Executive Officers,
Board Meetings and Committee Information, Report of the Audit Committee, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance of our 2014 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by reference into this item.  
 Item 11: Executive Compensation    Information required by this item is set forth under the captions Compensation of Executives and Director Compensation of our 2014 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by reference into this item.
   Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
   Equity Compensation Plan Information    The following table sets forth information about Huntington common stock authorized for issuance under Huntington’s existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2013.  
      179
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Plan Category (1) 
    
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and
rights (2) (a) 
   
    
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options,
warrants, and rights (3) (b) 
   
    
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under
equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (4) (c) 
   


 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
    
   
 35,907,924 
   
    
 $ 
 4.29 
   
    
   
 24,366,829 
   
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
    
   
 1,101,357 
   
    
   
 21.13 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 37,009,281 
   
    
 $ 
 4.79 
   
    
   
 24,366,829 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
   Information required by this item is set forth under the captions Indebtedness of Management and Certain other
Transactions of our 2014 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated by reference into this item.    Item 14:
Principal Accountant Fees and Services    Information required by this item is set forth under the caption Proposal to Ratify
the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of our 2014 Proxy Statement which is incorporated by reference into this item.  
      180
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV    Item 15: Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules      
 
 
 (a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report:      
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The report of independent registered public accounting firm and consolidated financial statements appearing in Item 8.  
   
 
 
   
 (2) 
 Huntington is not filing separate financial statement schedules, because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information
is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto.      
 
 
   
 (3) 
 The exhibits required by this item are listed in the Exhibit Index of this Form 10-K. The management contracts and compensation plans or arrangements required to be
filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K are listed as Exhibits 10.1 through 10.27 in the Exhibit Index.      
 
 
 (b) 
 The exhibits to this Form 10-K begin on page 186 of this report.      
 
 
 (c) 
 See Item 15(a)(2) above.  
      181
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Signatures  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 14th day of February, 2014.    HUNTINGTON
BANCSHARES INCORPORATED    (Registrant)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 By: 
    
   /s/ Stephen D. Steinour 
    
 By: 
    
   /s/ David S. Anderson 
 
 
    
 Stephen D. Steinour 
    
 
    
 David S. Anderson 
 
 
    
 Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
    
 
    
 Executive Vice President Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of February, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Don M. Casto III *   Don M. Casto III 
   
 
    
   Jonathan A. Levy *   Jonathan A. Levy 
 
 Director 
   
 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
   Ann B. Crane *   Ann B. Crane   Director 
   
 
    
   Richard W. Neu *   Richard W. Neu   Director 
 
 
 
 
 
   Steven G. Elliott *   Steven G. Elliott 
   
 
    
   David L. Porteous *   David L. Porteous 
 
 Director 
   
 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
   Michael J. Endres *   Michael J. Endres   Director 
   
 
    
   Kathleen H. Ransier *   Kathleen H. Ransier   Director 
 
 
 
 
 
   John B. Gerlach, Jr. *   John B. Gerlach, Jr. 
   
 
    
 
 
 Director 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Peter J. Kight *   Peter J. Kight 
   
 
    
 
 
 Director 
   
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   */s/ David S. Anderson 
   
 
    
 
 
 David S. Anderson 
   
 
    
 
 
 Attorney-in-fact for each of the persons indicated 
   
 
    
 
 
      182
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Exhibit Index    This report incorporates by reference the documents listed below that we have previously filed with the SEC. The SEC allows us to incorporate by reference information in this document. The information
incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this document, except for any information that is superseded by information that is included directly in this document.    This information may be read and copied at the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The SEC also maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy
statements, and other information about issuers, like us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is  http://www.sec.gov . The reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are also available at our Internet web
site. The address of the site is  http://www.huntington.com . Except as specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, information on those web sites is not part of this report. You also should be able to inspect
reports, proxy statements, and other information about us at the offices of the NASDAQ National Market at 33 Whitehall Street, New York, New York.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit Number 
    
 Document Description 
    
 Report or Registration Statement 
    
 SEC File or Registration Number 
   
    
 Exhibit Reference 
   


 
 2.1 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 20, 2006 by and among Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, Penguin Acquisition, LLC and Sky Financial Group, Inc. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 22, 2006. 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 2.1 
    
 
 2.2 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Camco Financial Corporation and Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, dated as of October 9, 2013. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 2013. 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 2.1 
    
 
 3.1 
    
 Articles of Restatement of Charter. 
    
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993. 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 3 
 (i)  
 
 3.2 
    
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Restatement of Charter. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 31, 2007 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 3.1 
    
 
 3.3 
    
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Restatement of Charter 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 7, 2008 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 3.1 
    
 
 3.4 
    
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Restatement of Charter 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 27, 2010 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 3.1 
    
 
 3.5 
    
 Articles Supplementary of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, as of April 22, 2008. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 2008 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 3.1 
    
 
 3.6 
    
 Articles Supplementary of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, as of April 22. 2008. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 22, 2008 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 3.2 
    
 
 3.7 
    
 Articles Supplementary of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, as of November 12, 2008. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 12, 2008 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 3.1 
    
 
 3.8 
    
 Articles Supplementary of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, as of December 31, 2006. 
    
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 3.4 
    
 
 3.9 
    
 Articles Supplementary of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, as of December 28, 2011 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 28, 2011 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 3.1 
    
 
 3.10 
    
 Bylaws of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated, as amended and restated, as of July 18, 2012. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 24, 2012. 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 3.1 
    
 
 4.1 
    
 Instruments defining the Rights of Security Holders — reference is made to Articles Fifth, Eighth, and Tenth of Articles of Restatement of Charter, as amended and supplemented.
Instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
    
 * Form of Executive Agreement for certain executive officers. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 10.2 
    
 * Management Incentive Plan for Covered Officers as amended and restated effective for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2011. 
    
 Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 A 
    
 
 10.3 
    
 * Huntington Supplemental Retirement Income Plan, amended and restated, effective December 31, 2013. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
    
 * Deferred Compensation Plan and Trust for Directors 
    
 Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on January 28, 1991. 
    
   
 33-10546 
    
    
   
 4 
 (a)  
 
 10.5 
    
 * Deferred Compensation Plan and Trust for Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Directors 
    
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on July 19, 1991. 
    
   
 33-41774 
    
    
   
 4 
 (a)  
 
 10.6 
    
 * First Amendment to Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan and Trust for Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Directors 
    
 Quarterly Report 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 10 
 (q)  
 
 10.7 
    
 * Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated on January 1, 2012. 
    
 Annual Report of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 10.8 
    
 
 10.8 
    
 * The Huntington Supplemental Stock Purchase and Tax Savings Plan and Trust, amended and restated, effective January 1, 2014 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
      183
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 10.9 
    
 * Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 2001 Stock and Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
 Quarterly Report 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 10 
 (r)  
 
 10.10 
    
 * First Amendment to the Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 2001 Stock and Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
 Quarterly Report 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 10 
 (h)  
 
 10.11 
    
 * Second Amendment to the Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 2001 Stock and Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
 Quarterly Report 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 10 
 (i)  
 
 10.12 
    
 * Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 2004 Stock and Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 10 
 (b)  
 
 10.13 
    
 * First Amendment to the 2004 Stock and Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 10 
 (e)  
 
 10.14 
    
 * Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Employee Stock Incentive Plan (incorporating changes made by first amendment to Plan) 
    
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on December 13, 2001. 
    
   
 333-75032 
    
    
   
 4 
 (a)  
 
 10.15 
    
 * Second Amendment to Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Employee Stock Incentive Plan 
    
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 10 
 (s)  
 
 10.16 
    
 * Form of Employment Agreement between Stephen D.Steinour and Huntington Bancshares Incorporated effective December 1, 2012. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 28, 2012. 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 10.1 
    
 
 10.17 
    
 * Form of Executive Agreement between Stephen D.Steinour and Huntington Bancshares Incorporated effective December 1, 2012. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 28, 2012. 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 10.2 
    
 
 10.18 
    
 Letter Agreement including Securities Purchase Agreement – Standard Terms, dated November 14, 2008, between Huntington Bancshares Incorporated and the United States Department
of the Treasury. 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2008. 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 10.1 
    
 
 10.19 
    
 * Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice with three year vesting 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 24, 2006 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 99.1 
    
 
 10.20 
    
 * Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice with six month vesting 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 24, 2006 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 99.2 
    
 
 10.21 
    
 * Restricted Stock Unit Deferral Agreement 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 24, 2006 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 99.3 
    
 
 10.22 
    
 * Director Deferred Stock Award Notice 
    
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 24, 2006 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 99.4 
    
 
 10.23 
    
 * Huntington Bancshares Incorporated 2007 Stock and Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
 Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 G 
    
 
 10.24 
    
 * First Amendment to the 2007 Stock and Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
 Quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2007 
    
   
 000-02525 
    
    
   
 10.7 
    
 
 10.25 
    
 * Second Amendment to the 2007 Stock and Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
 Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 A 
    
 
 10.26 
    
 * 2009 Stock Option Grant Notice to Stephen D.Steinour. 
    
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009. 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 10.1 
    
 
 10.27 
    
 * Form of Consolidated 2012 Stock Grant Agreement for Executive Officers Pursuant to Huntington’s 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
    
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012. 
    
   
 001-34073 
    
    
   
 10.2 
    
 
 12.1 
    
 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 12.2 
    
 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 14.1 
    
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics dated January 14, 2003 and revised on January 15, 2013 and Financial Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers,
adopted January 18, 2003 and revised on October 15, 2013, are available on our website at https://www.huntington.com/us/corp_governance.htm 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 21.1 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 23.1 
    
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 24.1 
    
 Power of Attorney 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
      184
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 31.1 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification – Chief Executive Officer. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 31.2 
    
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification – Chief Financial Officer. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 32.1 
    
 Section 1350 Certification – Chief Executive Officer. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 32.2 
    
 Section 1350 Certification – Chief Financial Officer. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 101 
    
 ** The following material from Huntington’s Form  10-K  Report for the year ended December 31, 2013, formatted in XBRL: (1) Consolidated
Balance Sheets, (2) Consolidated Statements of Income, (3), Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (4) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity, (5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (6) the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
 
    
 
    
     
 
 
 * 
 Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
 
 
 ** 
 Furnished, not filed.  
      185
 

 
 
 
