
 10-K
 1
 d649985d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K
         
   
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013  
  OR      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from                to
                  Commission file number 000-31293
         
 EQUINIX, INC.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
       
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 77-0487526 
 
 (State of incorporation) 
   
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
   One Lagoon Drive, Fourth Floor, Redwood City, California 94065  
 (Address of principal executive offices, including ZIP code)  
 (650) 598-6000    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)    Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
 Common Stock, $0.001 
   
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Act.     x   Yes     ¨   No    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.     ¨   Yes     x   No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.     x   Yes     ¨   No  

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).     x   Yes     ¨   No  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K.   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. (Check one):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 x 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).      ¨   Yes      x    No  
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common stock was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $9.1 billion. As of January 31, 2014, a total of 49,403,798 shares of the registrant’s
common stock were outstanding.    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 Part III – Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement to be issued in conjunction with the registrant’s 2014
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the registrant’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant’s proxy statement shall
not be deemed to be a part of this report on Form 10-K.          
   

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EQUINIX, INC.    FORM 10-K    DECEMBER 31, 2013  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 
    
   
    
 Page No. 
   


 
 
    
 PART I 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 1. 
    
 Business 
    
   
 3 
    
 
 1A. 
    
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 14 
    
 
 1B. 
    
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 32 
    
 
 2. 
    
 Properties 
    
   
 33 
    
 
 3. 
    
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 33 
    
 
 4. 
    
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
    
   
 33 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART II 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 34 
    
 
 6. 
    
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 36 
    
 
 7. 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 38 
    
 
 7A. 
    
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 75 
    
 
 8. 
    
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 77 
    
 
 9. 
    
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 77 
    
 
 9A. 
    
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 77 
    
 
 9B. 
    
 Other Information 
    
   
 78 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART III 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10. 
    
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 78 
    
 
 11. 
    
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 78 
    
 
 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 78 
    
 
 13. 
    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 78 
    
 
 14. 
    
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 78 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART IV 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 15. 
    
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 79 
    
 
 
    
 Signatures 
    
   
 86 
    
 
 
    
 Index to Exhibits 
    
   
 87 
    
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS    The words “Equinix”, “we”, “our”, “ours”, “us” and the “Company” refer to Equinix, Inc. All statements in this discussion that are not
historical are  forward-looking  statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding Equinix’s “expectations”,
“beliefs”, “intentions”, “strategies”, “forecasts”, “predictions”, “plans” or the like. Such statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to a number of
factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the  forward-looking  statements. Equinix cautions investors that there can be no assurance that actual
results or business conditions will not differ materially from those projected or suggested in such  forward-looking  statements as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, the risk factors
discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Equinix expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any  forward-looking  statements contained herein to
reflect any change in Equinix’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statements are based.    Overview    Equinix, Inc. connects more than 4,500 companies directly to
their customers and partners inside the world’s most networked data centers. Today, businesses leverage the Equinix interconnection platform in 32 strategic markets across the Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Asia-Pacific.
   Platform Equinix™ combines a global footprint of state-of-the-art International Business Exchange ®  (IBX ® ) data centers, a variety of interconnection opportunities and unique ecosystems. Together these components accelerate business growth for Equinix’s customers by
safehousing their infrastructure and applications closer to users, enabling them to improve performance with cost effective and scalable interconnections, work with vendors to deploy new technologies such as cloud computing and to collaborate with
the widest variety of partners and customers.    Equinix’s platform offers these unique value propositions to customers:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global Data Centers      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A broad footprint of 95+ IBX data centers in 15 countries on 5 continents.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   More than $7.0 billion of capital invested in capacity, new markets and acquisitions since 1998.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Equinix delivered more than 99.999% of uptime across its footprint in 2013.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Connected      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   More than 975 networks and approximately 128,000 cross connects in Equinix sites.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Equinix provides less than 10 milliseconds latency to over 90 percent of the population of North America and Europe, as well as key population centers
throughout Latin America and Asia-Pacific.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Partners, Customers and Prospects      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Equinix sites house a blue-chip customer base of 4,500+ global businesses.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   These customers represent a who’s who of network, digital media, financial services, cloud/IT and enterprise leaders.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Opportunity      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Equinix data centers contain a dynamic marketplace for communications services, interconnecting businesses, networks, carriers and content providers to
potential suppliers, customers and partners.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   More than 4,500+ potential partners to deploy world-class solutions.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Equinix has established a critical mass of customers that continues to drive new and
existing customer growth and bookings. Our network-neutral business model also contributes to our success in the market. We offer customers direct interconnection to an aggregation of bandwidth providers, rather than focusing on selling a particular
network. The providers in our sites include the world’s top carriers, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), broadband access networks (DSL / cable) and international carriers. Neutrality also means our customers can choose to buy from, or partner
with, leading companies across our five targeted verticals. These include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Network and Mobility Providers (AT&T, British Telecom, Comcast, Level 3 Communications, NTT, SingTel, Syniverse, Verizon Business)
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Cloud and IT Services (Accenture, Amazon Web Services, Box.net, Carpathia, NetApp, Microsoft, Salesforce.com, Voxel.net, Cisco, WebEx)
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Content Providers (eBay, DIRECTV, Facebook, Hulu, LinkedIn, Priceline, Yahoo!, Zynga)  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Enterprise (Bechtel, Booz Allen Hamilton, Deloitte, The GAP, Ingram Micro, Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP, McGraw-Hill, United Stationers Inc.)
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Financial Companies (ACTIV Financial, Bloomberg, Chicago Board Options Exchange, DirectEdge, JP Morgan Chase, Quantlab Financial, NASDAQ OMX NLX, NYSE
Technologies, Thomson Reuters)    Equinix generates revenue by providing colocation and related
interconnection and managed IT infrastructure offerings on a global platform of 95+ IBX data centers.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Colocation offerings include operations space, storage space, cabinets and power for customers’ colocation needs.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Interconnection offerings include cross connects, as well as switch ports on the Equinix Internet Exchange and Equinix Carrier Ethernet Exchange
services. These offerings provide scalable and reliable connectivity that allows customers to exchange traffic directly with the service provider of their choice or directly with each other, creating a performance optimized business ecosystem for
the exchange of data between strategic partners.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Managed IT infrastructure services allow customers to leverage Equinix’s significant telecommunications expertise, maximize the benefits of our
IBX data centers and optimize their infrastructure and resources.    The market for Equinix’s offerings
has historically been served by large telecommunications carriers which have bundled their telecommunications and managed services with their colocation offerings. In addition, some Equinix customers, such as Microsoft, build and operate their own
data centers for their large infrastructure deployments, called server farms. However, these customers rely upon Equinix IBX data centers for many of their critical interconnection relationships. The need for large, wholesale outsourced data centers
is also being addressed by providers that build large data centers to meet customers’ needs for standalone data centers, a different customer segment than Equinix serves.    Due to the increasing cost and complexity of the power and cooling requirements of today’s data center equipment, Equinix has gained many customers that have outgrown their existing data centers or
that have realized the benefits of a network-neutral model and the ability to create their own optimized business ecosystems for the exchange of data. Strategically, we will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow market share and
selectively expand our footprint and offerings. We continue to leverage our global reach and depth to differentiate based upon our ability to support truly global customer requirements in all our markets.  
 Several factors contribute to the growth in demand for data center offerings, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The continuing growth of consumer Internet traffic from new bandwidth-intensive services, such as video, voice over IP (VoIP), social media, mobile
data, gaming, data-rich media, Ethernet and wireless services.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Significant increases in power and cooling requirements for today’s data center equipment. New generations of servers continue to concentrate
processing capability, with associated power consumption and cooling load, into smaller footprints and many legacy-built data centers are unable to accommodate these new power and cooling demands.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The adoption of cloud computing technology services, including the growth of enterprise applications delivered across communications networks, such as
Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), and disaster recovery services.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The financial services market is experiencing tremendous growth due to electronic trading and the increased volume of peak messages (transactions per
second), requiring optimized data exchange through business ecosystems.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The growth of “proximity communities” that rely on immediate physical colocation and interconnection with their strategic partners and
customers, such as financial exchange ecosystems for electronic trading and settlement and ecosystems for real-time bidding and fulfillment of Internet advertising.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The high capital costs associated with building and maintaining “in-sourced” data centers creates an opportunity for capital savings by
leveraging an outsourced colocation model.    Industry Background  
 The Internet is a collection of numerous independent networks interconnected to form a network of networks. Users on different networks
are able to communicate with each other through interconnection between these networks. For example, when a person sends an email to someone who uses a different provider for his or her connectivity (e.g., Comcast versus Verizon), the email must
pass from one network to the other in order to get to its final destination. Equinix provides a physical point at which that interconnection can occur.    In order to accommodate the rapid growth of Internet traffic, an organized approach for network interconnection was needed. The exchange of traffic between these networks became known as peering. Peering
is when networks trade traffic at relatively equal amounts and set up agreements to trade traffic often at no charge to the other party. At first, government and non-profit organizations established places where these networks could exchange
traffic, or peer, with each other—these points were known as network access points, or NAPs. Over time, many NAPs became a natural extension of carrier services and were run by such companies as MFS (now a part of Verizon Business), Sprint,
Ameritech and Pacific Bell (the last two now parts of AT&T).    Ultimately, these NAPs were unable to scale with the growth
of the Internet, and the lack of “neutrality” by the carrier owners of these NAPs created a conflict of interest with the participants. This created a market need for network-neutral interconnection points that could accommodate the
rapidly growing need to increase performance for enterprise and consumer users of the Internet, especially with the rise of important content providers such as AOL, Microsoft, Yahoo! and others. In addition, the providers, as well as a growing
number of enterprises, required a more secure and reliable solution for direct connection to a variety of telecommunications networks as the importance of their Internet operations continued to grow.  
 To accommodate Internet traffic growth, the largest of these networks left the NAPs and began trading traffic by placing private circuits
between each other. Peering, which once occurred at the NAP locations, was moved to these private circuits. Over the years, these circuits became expensive to expand and could not be built quickly enough to accommodate traffic growth. This led to a
need by the large carriers to find a more efficient way to peer. Today, many customers satisfy their requirements for peering through data center providers like Equinix because it permits them to peer with the networks they require within one
location, using simple direct connections. Their ability to peer within a data center or across a data center campus, instead of across a metro area, has increased the scalability of their operations while decreasing network costs.  
 The interconnection model has further evolved over the years to include new offerings. Starting with the peering and network communities,
interconnection has since been used for new network services including carrier Ethernet, multiprotocol label switching (MPLS), virtual private networks (VPNs) and mobility services, in addition to traditional international private line and voice
services. The industry continues to evolve with a set of new offerings where interconnection is often used to solve the network-to-network interconnection challenges.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, the enterprise customer segment is also evolving. In the past, most enterprises
opted to keep their data center requirements in house. However, current trends are leading more and more enterprise CIOs to either outsource their data center requirements, and/or extend their corporate wide area networks (WANs) into carrier-neutral
colocation facilities. The combination of globalization, the proliferation of bandwidth intensive Internet-facing applications and rich media content, the need to provide access to cloud computing environments, business continuity and disaster
recovery needs, plus tight corporate IT budgets mean that enterprise CIOs must do more with less. Industry analysts forecast growth in the colocation market to be approximately 10% per year over the next four years.  
 Equinix Value Proposition 
 More than 4,500 companies, including a diversified mix of cloud and IT service providers, content providers, enterprises, financial
companies, and network and mobility service providers, currently operate within Equinix IBX data centers. These companies derive specific value from the following elements of the Equinix service offering:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Comprehensive global solution:  With 95+ IBX data centers in 32 markets in the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, Equinix offers a
consistent global solution.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Premium data centers:  Equinix IBX data centers feature advanced design, security, power and cooling elements to provide customers with
industry-leading reliability. While others in the market have business models that include additional offerings, Equinix is focused on colocation and interconnection as our core competencies.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Dynamic business ecosystems:  Equinix’s network-neutral model has enabled us to attract a critical mass of networks and cloud and IT
services providers and that, in turn, attracts other businesses seeking to interconnect within a single location. This ecosystem model, versus connecting to multiple partners in disparate locations, reduces costs and optimizes the performance of
data exchange. As Equinix grows and attracts an even more diversified base of customers, the value of Equinix’s IBX data center offering increases.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Improved economics:  Customers seeking to outsource their data center operations rather than build their own capital-intensive data
centers enjoy significant capital cost savings. Customers also benefit from improved economics on account of the broad access to networks that Equinix provides. Rather than purchasing costly local loops from multiple transit providers, customers can
connect directly to more than 975 networks inside Equinix’s IBX data centers.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Leading insight:  With more than 15 years of industry experience, Equinix has a specialized staff of industry experts and solutions
architects who helped build and shape the interconnection infrastructure of the Internet. This specialization and industry knowledge base offer customers a unique consultative value and a competitive advantage.  
 Our Strategy    Our
objective is to expand our global leadership position as the premier network neutral data center platform for cloud and IT services providers, content providers, financial companies, enterprises and network and mobility services providers. Key
components of our strategy include the following:    Improve customer performance through interconnection.  We
have assembled a critical mass of premier network providers and content companies and have become one of the core hubs of the information-driven world. This critical mass is a key selling point for companies that want to connect with a diverse set
of networks to provide the best connectivity to their end-customers and network companies that want to sell bandwidth to companies and interconnect with other networks in the most efficient manner available. Currently, we house more than 975 unique
networks, including all of the top tier networks, allowing our customers to directly interconnect with providers that best meet their unique global and regional price and performance needs. We have a growing mass of key players in cloud and IT
services, such as Accenture, Amazon Web Services, AT&T, Microsoft Azure and Salesforce.com, and in the enterprise and financial sectors, such as Bechtel, Bloomberg, Chicago Board of Trade, The GAP, McGraw-Hill, and others. We expect these
segments will continue to grow as they seek to leverage our critical mass of network providers and interconnect directly with each other to improve performance.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Streamline ease of doing business globally.  Data center reliability,
power availability and network choice are the most important attributes considered by our customers when they are choosing a data center provider in a particular location. We have long been recognized as a leader in these areas and our performance
continues to improve against these criteria. Our power infrastructure delivered 99.999% uptime globally in 2013.    In
2013, more than half of our revenue came from customers with deployments across two or more of our global regions, and as globalization continues, seamless global solutions will become an increasingly important data center selection criteria. We
continue to focus on strategic acquisitions to expand our market coverage and on global product standardization, pricing and contracts harmonization initiatives to meet these global demands.  
 Deepen existing and grow new ecosystems.  As networks, cloud and IT services providers, content providers, financial
services providers and enterprises locate in our IBX data centers, it benefits their suppliers and business partners to do so as well to gain the full economic and performance benefits of direct interconnection for their business ecosystems. These
partners, in turn, pull in their business partners, creating a “network effect” of customer adoption. Our interconnection offerings enable scalable, reliable and cost-effective interconnection and optimized traffic exchange thus lowering
overall cost and increasing flexibility. The ability to directly interconnect with a wide variety of companies is a key differentiator for us in the market. We are rolling out efficient and innovative Internet and Ethernet exchange platforms to
accelerate commercial growth in our sites and accelerate this network effect.    Expand vertical go-to-market
plan.  We plan to continue to focus our go-to-market efforts on customer segments and business applications that appreciate the Equinix value proposition of reliability, global reach and ecosystem collaboration opportunities. Today we
have identified these segments as cloud services, content and digital media, financial services, enterprises and IT services and network and mobility service providers. As digital business evolves, we will continue to identify and focus our
go-to-market efforts on industry segments that need our value proposition.    Accelerate global reach and scale. 
We continue to evaluate expansion opportunities in select markets based on customer demand. In 2013, we acquired the Kleyer 90 carrier hotel in Frankfurt to consolidate our position in one of Europe’s key communications hubs. We entered the
Osaka, Japan market with a new data center that provides geographic redundancy within the Japanese market. We also added capacity across our global footprint with a second data center in Seattle, an eleventh in Northern Virginia, a fifth in Zurich,
a fourth in Tokyo, a second in Rio de Janeiro and a major expansion in Singapore.    Our strategy is to continue to grow in
select existing markets and possibly expand to additional markets where demand and financial return potential warrant. We expect to execute this expansion strategy in a cost-effective and disciplined manner through a combination of acquiring
existing data centers through lease or purchase, acquiring or investing in local data center operators and building new IBX data centers based on key criteria, such as demand and potential financial return, in each market.  
 Our Customers    Our
customers include carriers, mobility and other bandwidth providers, cloud and IT services providers, content providers, financial companies and global enterprises. We provide each customer access to a choice of business partners and solutions based
on their colocation, interconnection and managed IT service needs. As of December 31, 2013, we had more than 4,500 customers worldwide. 
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Typical customers in our five key customer categories include the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cloud and IT   Services 
    
   Content 
 Providers 
    
 Enterprise 
    
 Financial Companies 
    
 Network and Mobility Services 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Accenture 
    
 eBay 
    
 Bechtel 
    
 ACTIV Financial 
    
 AT&T 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Amazon Web 
 Services 
    
 DIRECTV 
    
 Booz Allen Hamilton 
    
 Bloomberg 
    
 BT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Box.net 
    
 Facebook 
    
 Deloitte 
    
 Chicago Options Board Exchange 
    
 Comcast 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Carpathia 
    
 Hulu 
    
 The GAP   Ingram Micro 
    
 DirectEdge 
    
 Level 3 Communications 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Microsoft 
 NetApp 
    
   LinkedIn 
 Priceline 
    
 Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP 
    
 NASDAQ OMX NLX   NYSE Technologies 
    
 NTT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Salesforce.com 
    
 Tencent 
    
 McGraw-Hill 
    
 JP Morgan Chase 
    
 SingTel 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Voxel.net 
 Cisco WebEx 
    
   Yahoo! 
 Zynga 
    
 United Stationers Inc. 
    
 Quantlab Financial Thomson Reuters 
    
 Syniverse Verizon Business 
   Customers typically sign renewable contracts of one or more years in length. No single customer accounted
for 10% or more of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.    Our Offerings  
 Equinix provides a choice of data center offerings primarily comprised of colocation, interconnection solutions and managed IT
infrastructure services.    Colocation and Related Offerings    Our IBX data centers provide our customers with secure, reliable and fault-tolerant environments that are necessary for optimum Internet commerce interconnection. Many of our IBX data centers include
multiple layers of physical security, scalable cabinet space availability, on-site trained staff 24 hours per day, 365 days a year, dedicated areas for customer care and equipment staging, redundant AC/DC power systems and multiple other redundant
and fault-tolerant infrastructure systems. Some specifications or offerings provided may differ based on original facility design or market.   Within our IBX data centers, customers can place their equipment and interconnect with a choice of networks or other business partners. We also provide customized solutions for customers looking to
package our IBX offerings as part of their complex solutions. Our colocation offerings include:  
 Cabinets.  Our customers have several choices for colocating their networking, server and storage equipment. They can
place the equipment in one of our shared or private cages or customize their space. In certain select markets, customers can purchase their own private “suite” which is walled off from the rest of the data center. As customers’
colocation requirements increase, they can expand within their original cage (or suite) or upgrade into a cage that meets their expanded requirements. Customers buy the hardware they place in our IBX data centers directly from their chosen vendors.
Cabinets (or suites) are priced with an initial installation fee and an ongoing recurring monthly charge.  
 Power.  Power is an element of increasing importance in customers’ colocation decisions. We offer both AC and DC
power circuits at various amperages and phases customized to a customer’s individual power requirements. We also offer metered power in certain markets. Power is priced with an initial installation fee and an ongoing recurring monthly charge.
 
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  IBXflex.  IBXflex allows customers to deploy mission-critical operations
personnel and equipment on-site at our IBX data centers. Because of the close proximity to their infrastructure within our IBX data centers, IBXflex customers can offer a faster response and quicker troubleshooting solution than those available in
traditional colocation facilities. This space can also be used as a secure disaster recovery point for customers’ business and operations personnel. This service is priced with an initial installation fee and an ongoing recurring monthly
charge.    Interconnection Solutions    Our interconnection solutions enable scalable, reliable and cost-effective interconnection and traffic exchange between Equinix customers. These interconnection solutions are either on a one-to-one basis
with direct cross connects or one-to-many through one of our Equinix Exchange solutions. In the peering community, we provide an important industry leadership role by acting as the relationship broker between parties who would like to interconnect
within our IBX data centers. Our staff holds or has held significant positions in many leading industry groups, such as the North American Network Operators’ Group, or NANOG, and the Internet Engineering Task Force, or IETF. Members of our
staff have published industry-recognized white papers and strategy documents in the areas of peering and interconnection, many of which are used by other institutions worldwide in furthering the education and promotion of this important set of
solutions. We expect to continue to develop additional solutions in the area of traffic exchange that will allow our customers to leverage the critical mass of networks, cloud services providers, and many important financial services and e-commerce
industry leaders now available in our IBX data centers. Our current exchange solutions are comprised of the following:  
 Physical Cross Connect/Direct Interconnections.  Customers needing to directly and privately connect to another IBX
data center customer can do so through single or multi-mode fiber. These cross connections are the physical link between customers and can be implemented within 24 hours of request. Cross connect offerings are priced with an initial installation fee
and an ongoing monthly recurring charge.    Equinix Internet Exchange.  Customers may choose to connect to and
peer through the central switching fabric of our Equinix Internet Exchange rather than purchase a direct physical cross connection. With a connection to this switch, a customer can aggregate multiple interconnects over one physical connection with
up to multiple, linked 10 gigabit ports of capacity instead of purchasing individual physical cross connects. The offering is priced per IBX data center with an initial installation fee and an ongoing monthly recurring charge. Individual IBX data
center prices increase as the number of participants on the exchange service grows.    Equinix Metro Connect .
 Customers who are located in one IBX data center may need to interconnect with networks or other customers located in an adjacent or nearby IBX data center in the same metro area. Metro Connect allows customers to seamlessly interconnect between
IBX data centers at capacities up to an OC-192, or 10 gigabits per second level. Metro Connect offerings are priced with an initial installation fee and an ongoing monthly recurring charge dependent on the capacity the customer purchases.
   Internet Connectivity Services.  Customers who are installing equipment in our IBX data centers generally
require IP connectivity or bandwidth services. Although many large customers prefer to contract directly with carriers, we offer customers the ability to contract for these services through us from any of the major bandwidth providers in that data
center. This service, which is provided in our Asia-Pacific and EMEA regions, is targeted to customers who require a single bill and a single point of support for their entire contract through Equinix for their bandwidth needs. Internet
connectivity services are priced with an initial installation fee and an ongoing monthly recurring charge based on the amount of bandwidth committed.    Ethernet Exchange Services.  The Ethernet Exchange offering is similar to the Equinix Internet Exchange, and we offer it in 17 markets so that customers can connect via a central switching
fabric to interconnect between multiple Carrier Ethernet Providers rather than creating individual Network to Network interfaces (NNIs) between individual carriers. The offering builds on the benefits of the Internet community and extends the
ability to interconnect to the high growth Ethernet industry. The offering is priced per IBX data center with an initial fee and a monthly recurring charge.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Managed IT Infrastructure Services  
 With the continued growth in Internet traffic, networks, cloud providers, service providers, enterprises and content providers are
challenged to deliver fast and reliable service, while lowering costs. With more than 975 Internet Service Providers (ISPs), fixed and mobile carriers located in our IBX data centers, we leverage the value of network choice with our set of
multi-network management and other outsourced IT services, including:    Professional Services.  Our IBX data
centers are staffed with Internet and telecommunications specialists who are on-site and/or available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. These professionals are trained to perform installations of customer equipment and cabling. Professional services
are custom-priced depending on customer requirements.    Smart Hands Services.  Our customers can take
advantage of our professional “Smart Hands” service, which gives customers access to our IBX data center staff for a variety of tasks, when their own staff is not on site. These tasks may include equipment rebooting and power cycling, card
swapping and performing emergency equipment replacement. Services are available on-demand or by customer contract and are priced on an hourly basis.    Sales and Marketing    Sales.  We use a direct sales force
and channel marketing program to market our offerings to global enterprises, content providers, financial companies and mobility and network service providers. We organize our sales force by customer type as well as by establishing a sales presence
in diverse geographic regions, which enables efficient servicing of the customer base from a network of regional offices. In addition to our worldwide headquarters located in Silicon Valley, we have established an Asia-Pacific regional headquarters
in Hong Kong, and a European regional headquarters in Amsterdam. Our Americas sales offices are located in Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles, New York, Reston, Virginia and Silicon Valley, and sales offices in Brazil operate out of data centers in Sao
Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. Our EMEA sales offices are located in Amsterdam, Dubai, Dusseldorf, Enschede, Frankfurt, Geneva, London, Munich, Paris, Zurich, and Zwolle. Our Asia-Pacific sales offices are located in Beijing, Hong Kong, Jakarta,
Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo.    Our sales team works closely with each customer to foster the natural network effect
of our IBX model, resulting in access to a wider potential customer base via our existing customers. As a result of the IBX interconnection model, IBX data center participants often encourage their customers, suppliers and business partners to also
locate in our IBX data centers. These customers, suppliers and business partners, in turn, encourage their business partners to locate in our IBX data centers resulting in additional customer growth. This network effect significantly reduces our new
customer acquisition costs. In addition, large network providers or managed service providers may refer customers to Equinix as a part of their total customer solution. Equinix also focuses vertical sales specialists selling to support specific
industry requirements for network, mobility and content providers, financial services, cloud computing and systems integrators and enterprise customer segments.    Marketing.  To support our sales efforts and to actively promote our brand in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and EMEA, we conduct comprehensive marketing programs. Our marketing strategies
include active public relations and ongoing customer communications programs. Our marketing efforts are focused on major business and trade publications, online media outlets, industry events and sponsored activities. Our staff holds leadership
positions in key networking organizations, and we participate in a variety of Internet, Carrier Ethernet, computer and financial industry conferences, placing our officers and employees in keynote speaking engagements at these conferences. We also
regularly measure customer satisfaction levels and host key customer forums to ensure customer needs are understood and incorporated in product and service planning efforts. From a brand perspective, we build recognition through our website,
sponsoring or leading industry technical forums, participating in Internet industry standard-setting bodies and through advertising and online campaigns. We continue to develop and host industry educational forums focused on peering technologies and
practices for ISPs and content providers.  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Competition    While a large number of enterprises own their own data centers, many others outsource some or all of their requirements to multi-tenant Internet data center facilities, such as those operated by Equinix.
We believe that the outsourcing trend is likely to not only continue but also to grow in the coming years. It is estimated that Equinix is one of over 650 companies that provide Internet data center offerings around the world, ranging in size from
firms with a single data center in a single market to firms in over 20 markets. Equinix competes with these firms, which vary in terms of their data center offerings, including:    Colocation Providers    Colocation data centers are a type of Internet
data center that can also be referred to as “retail” data center space. Typically, colocation data center space is offered on the basis of individual racks/cabinets or cages ranging from 500 to 10,000 square feet in size. Typical customers
of colocation providers include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Large enterprises with significant IT expertise and requirements  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Small and medium businesses looking to outsource data center requirements  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Internet application providers      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Major Internet content, entertainment and social networking providers  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Shared, dedicated and managed hosting providers      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Mobility and network service providers      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Content delivery networks    Full facility maintenance and systems, including fire suppression, security, power backup and HVAC, are routinely included in managed colocation offerings. A variety of additional services are typically
available in colocation facilities, including remote hands technician services and network monitoring services.    In addition
to Equinix, providers that offer colocation both globally and locally include firms such as AT&T, CenturyLink, COLT, CyrusOne, Level 3 Communications, NTT and Verizon Business.    Carrier-Neutral Colocation Providers    In addition to data center
space and power, colocation providers also offer interconnection. Certain of these providers, known as network or carrier-neutral colocation providers, can offer customers the choice of hundreds of network service providers, or ISPs, to choose from.
Typically, customers use interconnection to buy Internet connectivity, connect VoIP telephone networks, perform financial exchange and settlement functions or perform business-to-business e-commerce. Carrier-neutral data centers are often located in
key network hubs around the world like New York; Ashburn, Virginia; London; Amsterdam; Singapore and Hong Kong. Two types of data center facilities offering carrier-neutral colocation are used for many network-to-network interconnections:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A Meet Me Room (MMR) is typically a smaller space, generally 5,000 square feet or less, located in a major carrier hotel and often found in a wholesale
data center facility.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A carrier-neutral data center is generally larger than an MMR and may be a stand-alone building separate from existing carrier hotels.
   In addition to Equinix, other providers that we believe could be defined as offering carrier-neutral
colocation include CoreSite, Global Switch, Interxion, Telecity Group, Telehouse and Telx.    Wholesale Data Center Providers
   Wholesale data center providers lease data center space that is typically offered in cells or pods (i.e., individual
white-space rooms) ranging in size from 10,000 to 20,000 square feet, or larger. Wholesale data center offerings are targeted to both enterprises and to colocation providers. These data centers primarily provide space and power without additional
services like technicians, remote hands services or network monitoring (although other tenants might offer such services).  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sample wholesale data center providers include Digital Realty Trust, DuPont Fabros
Technology, e-Shelter and Sentrum.    Managed Hosters    Managed hosting services are provided by several firms that also provide data center colocation services. Typically, managed hosting providers can manage server hardware that is owned by either the
hosting provider or the customer. They can also provide a combination of comprehensive systems administration, database administration and sometimes application management services. Frequently, this results in managed hosting providers
“running” the customer’s servers, although such administration is frequently shared. The provider may manage such functions as operating systems, databases, security and patch management, while the customer will maintain management of
the applications riding on top of those systems.    The full list of potential services that can be offered as part of managed
hosting is substantial and includes services such as remote management, custom applications, helpdesk, messaging, databases, disaster recovery, managed storage, managed virtualization, managed security, managed networks and systems monitoring.
Managed hosting services are typically used for:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Application hosting by organizations of any size, including large enterprises  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hosted or managed messaging, including Microsoft Exchange and other complex messaging applications  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Complex or highly scalable web hosting or e-commerce websites  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Managed storage solutions (including large drive arrays or backup robots)  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Server disaster recovery and business continuity, including clustering and global server load balancing  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Database servers, applications and services    Examples of managed hosters include AT&T, CenturyLink, NaviSite, Rackspace, SunGard, Verizon Business and Verizon Terremark.    Unlike other providers whose core businesses are bandwidth or managed services, we focus on neutral interconnection hubs for cloud and IT service providers, content providers, financial companies,
enterprises and network service providers. As a result, we do not have the limited choices found commonly at other hosting/colocation companies. We compete based on the quality of our IBX data centers, our ability to provide a one-stop global
solution in our Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific locations, the performance and diversity of our network-neutral strategy, and the economic benefits of the aggregation of top network and business ecosystems under one roof. We expect to continue to
benefit from several industry trends including the need for contracting with multiple networks due to the uncertainty in the telecommunications market, customers’ increasing power requirements, enterprise customers’ increased use of
virtualization and outsourcing, the continued growth of broadband and significant growth in Ethernet as a network alternative, and the growth in mobile applications.    Our Business Segment Financial Information    We currently operate in three
reportable segments, comprised of our Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific geographic regions. Information attributable to each of our reportable segments is set forth in Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Employees    As of December 31, 2013, we had 3,500 employees. We had 1,984 employees based in the Americas, 899 employees based in EMEA and 617 employees based in Asia-Pacific. Of those employees, 1,579 were in
engineering and operations, 717 were in sales and marketing and 1,204 were in management, finance and administration.    Potential Real
Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) Conversion    In September 2012, we announced that our board of directors approved
a plan for Equinix to pursue conversion to a REIT. We have begun implementation of the REIT conversion, and we plan to make a tax election for REIT status for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2015. Any REIT election made by us must be
effective as of the beginning of a taxable year; therefore, as a calendar year taxpayer, if we are unable to convert to a REIT by January 1, 2015, the next possible conversion date would be January 1, 2016.  
 If we are able to convert to and qualify as a REIT, we will generally be permitted to deduct from federal income taxes the dividends we
pay to our stockholders. The income represented by such dividends would not be subject to federal taxation at the entity level but would be taxed, if at all, at the stockholder level. Nevertheless, the income of our domestic taxable REIT
subsidiaries, or TRS, which will hold our U.S. operations that may not be REIT-compliant, will be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income tax. Likewise, our foreign subsidiaries will continue to be subject to foreign income
taxes in jurisdictions in which they hold assets or conduct operations, regardless of whether held or conducted through TRS or through qualified REIT subsidiaries, or QRS. We will also be subject to a separate corporate income tax on any gains
recognized during a specified period (generally 10 years) following the REIT conversion that are attributable to “built-in” gains with respect to the assets that we own on the date we convert to a REIT. Our ability to qualify as a REIT
will depend upon our continuing compliance following our REIT conversion with various requirements, including requirements related to the nature of our assets, the sources of our income and the distributions to our stockholders. If we fail to
qualify as a REIT, we will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and property in addition to taxes owed
with respect to our TRS operations. In particular, while state income tax regimes often parallel the federal income tax regime for REITs described above, many states do not completely follow federal rules and some may not follow them at all.
   The REIT conversion implementation currently includes seeking a private letter ruling, or PLR, from the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service, or IRS. Our PLR request has multiple components, and our timely conversion to a REIT will require favorable rulings from the IRS on certain technical tax issues. We submitted the PLR request to the IRS in the fourth quarter of 2012. In June
2013, we disclosed that we had been informed that the IRS had convened an internal working group to study what constitutes “real estate” for purposes of the REIT provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”) and that, pending the completion of the study, the IRS was unlikely to respond definitively to our pending PLR request. In November 2013, the IRS informed us that it was actively resuming work on our PLR request and would respond
in due course. We do not expect that this delay will affect the timing of our plan to elect REIT status for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2015. The Company currently expects to receive a favorable PLR from the IRS during 2014 and
combined with Board approval and completion of other necessary conversion actions, we would committ to a final REIT conversion plan sometime during 2014. Once the Company reaches this commitment, the financial statements for 2014 will reflect the
necessary accounting adjustments including an adjustment to eliminate the U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities balances discussed below and any tax consequences for the shareholder distributions also discussed below.  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We currently estimate that we will incur approximately $75.0 to $85.0 million in costs to
support the REIT conversion, in addition to related tax liabilities associated with a change in our methods of depreciating and amortizing various data center assets for tax purposes from our prior methods to current methods that are more consistent
with the characterization of such assets as real property for REIT purposes. The total recapture of depreciation and amortization expenses across all relevant assets is expected to result in federal and state tax liability of approximately $360.0 to
$380.0 million, which amount became and is generally payable over a four-year period starting in 2012 even if we abandon the REIT conversion for any reason, including failure to obtain a favorable PLR response. Prior to the decision to convert to a
REIT, our balance sheet reflected our income tax liability as a non-current deferred tax liability. As a result of the decision to convert to a REIT, our non-current tax liability has been and will continue to be gradually and proportionally
reclassified from non-current to current over the four-year period, which started in the third quarter of 2012. The current liability reflects the tax liability that relates to additional taxable income expected to be recognized within the
twelve-month period from the date of the balance sheet. If the REIT conversion is successful, we also expect to incur an additional $5.0 to $10.0 million in annual compliance costs in future years. We expect to pay between $145.0 to $200.0
million in cash taxes during 2014 which includes taxes on our operations and any tax impacts required by our plan to convert to a REIT.    In accordance with tax rules applicable to REIT conversions, we expect to issue special distributions to our stockholders of undistributed accumulated earnings and profits of approximately $700.0 million
to $1.1 billion (the “E&P distribution”), which we expect to pay out in a combination of up to 20% in cash and at least 80% in the form of our common stock. The estimated E&P distribution may change due to potential changes in
certain factors impacting the calculations, such as finalization of the 2013 E&P amounts and the actual financial year 2014 performance of the entities to be included in the REIT structure. We expect to make the E&P distribution only after
receiving a favorable PLR from the IRS, obtaining Board approval and completion of other necessary REIT conversion actions. The Company anticipates making an E&P distribution before 2015 with the balance distributed in 2015. In addition,
following the completion of the REIT conversion, we intend to declare regular distributions to our stockholders.    In
connection with our contemplated REIT conversion, we expect to reassess the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our U.S. operations to be included in the REIT structure during 2014 at the point in time when it is determined that all significant
actions to effect the REIT conversion have occurred and we are committed to that course of action. The reevaluation will result in de-recognizing the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our REIT’s U.S. operations excluding the deferred
tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture. The depreciation and amortization recapture is necessary as part of our REIT conversion efforts. The de-recognition of the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our
REIT’s U.S. operations will occur because the expected recovery or settlement of the related assets and liabilities will not result in deductible or taxable amounts in any post-REIT conversion periods. As a result of the de-recognition of the
aforementioned deferred tax assets and liabilities of our REIT’s U.S. operations and the continuing recognition of deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture to be taxed in 2014 and 2015, we expect to
record a significant tax provision expense in 2014. As of December 31, 2013, we had a net deferred tax asset of approximately $147.1 million for our U.S. operations, which includes approximately $176.0 million of deferred tax liabilities
associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture.    Available Information  
 We were incorporated in Delaware in June 1998. We are required to file reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read and copy our materials on file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You may obtain information regarding the SEC’s Public Reference
Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information.  
 You may also obtain copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K,
and any amendments to such reports, free of charge by visiting the Investor Relations page on our website, www.equinix.com. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practical after we file them with the SEC. Information contained on our
website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.      
 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS    In addition
to the other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business and us:  
 Risks Related to REIT Conversion  
 Although we have chosen to pursue conversion to a REIT, we may not be successful in converting to a REIT effective January 1, 2015, or at all.
   In September 2012, our board of directors approved a plan for us to convert to a REIT. There are significant
implementation and operational complexities to address before we can timely convert to a REIT, including obtaining a favorable PLR from the IRS, completing internal reorganizations, modifying accounting, information technology and real estate
systems, receiving stockholder approvals and making required stockholder payouts. Even if we are able to satisfy the existing REIT requirements or any future REIT requirements, the tax laws, regulations and interpretations governing REITs may change
at any time in ways that could be disadvantageous to us.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Additionally, several conditions must be met in order to complete the conversion to a REIT,
and the timing and outcome of many of these conditions are beyond our control. For example, we cannot provide assurance that the IRS will ultimately provide us with a favorable PLR or that any favorable PLR will be received in a timely manner for us
to convert successfully to a REIT as of January 1, 2015. Even if the transactions necessary to implement REIT conversion are effected, our board of directors may decide not to elect REIT status, or to delay such election, if it determines in
its sole discretion that it is not in the best interests of us or our stockholders. We can provide no assurance if or when conversion to a REIT will be successful. Furthermore, the effective date of the REIT conversion could be delayed beyond
January 1, 2015, in which event we could not elect REIT status until the taxable year beginning January 1, 2016, at the earliest. Failure to timely convert to a REIT or maintain REIT status could result in dissatisfaction in our
stockholder base.    We may not realize the anticipated benefits to stockholders, including the achievement of significant tax savings for us
and regular distributions to our stockholders.    Even if we convert to a REIT and elect REIT status, we cannot provide
assurance that our stockholders will experience benefits attributable to our qualification and taxation as a REIT, including our ability to reduce our corporate level U.S. federal income tax through distributions to stockholders and to make regular
distributions to stockholders. The realization of the anticipated benefits to stockholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside our control. In addition, future cash distributions to stockholders will depend on our cash flows,
as well as the impact of alternative, more attractive investments as compared to dividends.    We may not qualify or remain qualified as a
REIT.    Although we plan to operate in a manner consistent with the REIT qualification rules if we convert to a REIT, we
cannot provide assurance that we will, in fact, qualify as a REIT or remain so qualified. REIT qualification involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code to our operations as well as various factual determinations
concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions.    If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we still will have incurred substantial costs to support our REIT conversion and may still be subject to federal and state tax liability of approximately $360.0 to $380.0
million resulting from the recapture of depreciation and amortization expenses. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year after the REIT conversion, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative
minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate rates with respect to each such taxable year for which the statute of limitations remains open. In addition, we will be subject to monetary penalties for the failure. This treatment would
significantly reduce our net earnings and cash flow because of our additional tax liability and the penalties for the years involved, which could significantly impact our financial condition.    Legislative, administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting REITs, including positions taken by the IRS, could have a negative effect on us.  
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are continually under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the
IRS and the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the “Treasury”). New legislation, Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could, with retroactive effect, significantly and negatively affect our ability to
qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Further, such actions could, with retroactive effect, also significantly and negatively affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences to our stockholders and us.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Complying with REIT qualification requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise
attractive opportunities.    To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests
concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our common stock. For example, under the Code, no more than 25% of the value
of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of our TRS, and other nonqualifying assets. This limitation may affect our ability to make large investments in other non-REIT qualifying operations or assets. In addition, in order to
maintain qualification as a REIT, annually we will be required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains. Even if we maintain our
qualification as a REIT, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates for our undistributed REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including any net capital gains, as well as
U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates for income recognized by our TRS. Because of these distribution requirements, we will likely not be able to fund future capital needs and investments from operating cash flow. As such, compliance
with REIT tests may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of significant nonqualifying assets and the material expansion of non-real estate activities.  
 There are uncertainties relating to our estimate of our undistributed accumulated earnings and profits (“E&P”) distribution, as well as
the timing of such E&P distribution and the percentage of common stock and cash we may distribute.    We have provided an
estimated range of the E&P distribution. We are in the process of conducting a study of our pre-REIT accumulated earnings and profits as of the close of our 2012 taxable year using our historic tax returns and other available information. This
is a very involved and complex study, which is not yet complete, and the actual results of the study relating to our pre-REIT accumulated earnings and profits as of the close of our 2012 taxable year may be materially different from our current
estimates. In addition, the estimated range of our E&P distribution is based on our estimated and projected taxable income for our 2013 and 2014 taxable years and our current business plans and performance, but our actual earnings and profits
(and the actual E&P distribution) will vary depending on, among other items, the timing of certain transactions, our actual taxable income and performance for 2013 and 2014 and possible changes in legislation or tax rules and IRS revenue
procedures relating to distributions of earnings and profits. For these reasons and others, our actual E&P distribution may be materially different from our estimated range.  
 We anticipate distributing a significant portion of the E&P distribution in 2014, with the balance distributed in 2015, but the
timing of the planned E&P distribution, which may or may not occur, may be affected by potential tax law changes, the completion of various phases of the REIT conversion process and other factors beyond our control.  
 We also anticipate paying up to 20% of the E&P distribution in the form of cash and at least 80% in the form of common stock. We may
in fact decide, based on our cash flows and strategic plans, IRS revenue procedures relating to distributions of earnings and profits, leverage and other factors, to pay these amounts in a different mix of cash and common stock.  
 We may restructure or issue debt or raise equity to satisfy our E&P distribution and other conversion costs.  
 Depending on the ultimate size and timing of the E&P distribution and the cash outlays associated with our conversion to a REIT, we
may restructure or issue debt and/or issue equity to fund these disbursements, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these transactions. Whether we issue debt or equity, at what price and amount and other terms of any
such issuances will depend on many factors, including alternative sources of capital, our then existing leverage, our need for additional capital, market conditions and other factors beyond our control. If we raise additional funds through the
issuance of equity securities or debt convertible into equity securities, the percentage of stock ownership by our existing stockholders may be reduced. In addition, new equity securities or convertible debt securities could have rights,
preferences, and privileges senior to those of our current stockholders, which could substantially decrease the value of our securities owned by them. Depending on the share price we are able to obtain, we may have to sell a significant number of
shares in order to raise the capital we deem necessary to execute our long-term strategy, and our stockholders may experience dilution in the value of their shares as a result. Furthermore, satisfying our E&P distribution and other conversion
costs may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives. As a result, our indebtedness could increase. See “Other Risks” for further information regarding our substantial indebtedness.
 
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  There are uncertainties relating to the costs associated with implementing the REIT conversion.
   We have provided an estimated range of our tax and other costs to convert to a REIT, including estimated tax liabilities
associated with a change in our methods of depreciating and amortizing various assets and annual compliance costs. Our estimate of these taxes and other costs, however, may not be accurate, and such costs may actually be higher than our estimates
due to unanticipated outcomes in the process of obtaining a PLR, changes in our business support functions and support costs, the unsuccessful execution of internal planning, including restructurings and cost reduction initiatives, or other factors.
   Restrictive loan covenants could prevent us from satisfying REIT distribution requirements.  
 If we are successful in converting to a REIT, restrictions in our credit facility and our indentures may prevent us from satisfying our
REIT distribution requirements, and we could fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT. If these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a REIT but nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our REIT taxable income, we would
be subject to federal corporate income tax, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts. See “Other Risks” for further information on our restrictive loan covenants.  
 We have no experience operating as a REIT, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations if we successfully
convert to a REIT.    We have no experience operating as a REIT, and our senior management has no experience operating a
REIT. Our pre-REIT operating experience may not be sufficient to prepare us to operate successfully as a REIT. Our inability to operate successfully as a REIT, including the failure to maintain REIT status, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations.    Other Risks    Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction.  
 Over the last several years, we have completed several acquisitions, including that of Switch & Data Facilities Company, Inc.
(“Switch and Data”) in 2010, ALOG Data Centers do Brasil S.A. in 2011, Asia Tone Limited and ancotel GmbH in 2012, an acquisition of a Dubai IBX data center in 2012 and an acquisition of a carrier hotel in Frankfurt in 2013. We may
make additional acquisitions in the future, which may include (i) acquisitions of businesses, products, services or technologies that we believe to be complementary, (ii) acquisitions of new IBX data centers or real estate for development
of new IBX data centers or (iii) acquisitions through investments in local data center operators. We may pay for future acquisitions by using our existing cash resources (which may limit other potential uses of our cash), incurring additional
debt (which may increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements) and/or issuing shares (which may dilute our existing stockholders and have a negative effect on our earnings per share). Acquisitions expose us to potential
risks, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possible disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management’s attention by acquisition, transition and integration activities;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our potential inability to successfully pursue or realize some or all of the anticipated revenue opportunities associated with an acquisition or
investment;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, or businesses in which we invest, or achieve anticipated
operating efficiencies or cost savings;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that announced acquisitions may not be completed, due to failure to satisfy the conditions to closing or for other reasons;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the dilution of our existing stockholders as a result of our issuing stock in transactions, such as our acquisition of Switch and Data, where 80% of
the consideration payable to Switch and Data’s stockholders consisted of shares of our common stock;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility of customer dissatisfaction if we are unable to achieve levels of quality and stability on par with past practices;
 
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that our customers may not accept either the existing equipment infrastructure or the “look-and-feel” of a new or different
IBX data center;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that additional capital expenditures may be required or that transaction expenses associated with acquisitions may be higher than
anticipated;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that required financing to fund an acquisition may not be available on acceptable terms or at all;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that we may be unable to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities under antitrust and competition laws on a timely basis
or at all, which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing an acquisition, limit our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of an acquisition or have other adverse effects on our current business and
operations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possible loss or reduction in value of acquired businesses;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that future acquisitions may present new complexities in deal structure, related complex accounting and coordination with new partners;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that future acquisitions may be in geographies and regulatory environments, to which we are unaccustomed;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility that carriers may find it cost-prohibitive or impractical to bring fiber and networks into a new IBX data center;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility of litigation or other claims in connection with, or as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees,
customers, former stockholders or other third parties; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possibility of pre-existing undisclosed liabilities, including, but not limited to, lease or landlord related liability, environmental liability or
asbestos liability, for which insurance coverage may be insufficient or unavailable.    The occurrence of any
of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.  
 We cannot assure you that the price of any future acquisitions of IBX data centers will be similar to prior IBX data center acquisitions.
In fact, we expect costs required to build or render new IBX data centers operational to increase in the future. If our revenue does not keep pace with these potential acquisition and expansion costs, we may not be able to maintain our current or
expected margins as we absorb these additional expenses. There is no assurance we would successfully overcome these risks or any other problems encountered with these acquisitions.    Our substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flows and limit our flexibility to raise additional capital.    We have a significant amount of debt and may need to incur additional debt to support our growth. Additional debt may also be incurred to fund future acquisitions, the E&P distribution or the other
cash outlays associated with conversion to a REIT. As of December 31, 2013, our total indebtedness was approximately $4.2 billion, our stockholders’ equity was $2.5 billion and our cash and investments totaled $1.0 billion. In addition, as
of December 31, 2013, we had approximately $516.8 million of additional liquidity available to us from our $550.0 million revolving credit facility as part of a $750.0 million credit facility agreement entered into with a group of lenders in
the U.S. as more fully described in Note 10 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of our debt contains covenants which may limit our operating flexibility. In addition to our
substantial debt, we lease a majority of our IBX data centers and certain equipment under non-cancellable lease agreements, the majority of which are accounted for as operating leases. As of December 31, 2013, our total minimum operating
lease commitments under those lease agreements, excluding potential lease renewals, was approximately $954.2 million, which represents off-balance sheet commitments.  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our substantial amount of debt and related covenants, and our off-balance sheet commitments,
could have important consequences. For example, they could:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt and in respect of
other off-balance sheet arrangements, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund future capital expenditures, working capital, execution of our expansion strategy and other general corporate requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our various debt instruments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and adverse changes in governmental regulations;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared
with our competitors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit our operating flexibility through covenants with which we must comply, such as limiting our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, which would also limit our ability to further expand
our business; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates because of the variable interest rates on some of our borrowings to the extent we have not
entirely hedged such variable rate debt.    The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the performance of our stock price may trigger events that would require the write-off of a significant portion of our debt issuance costs related
to our convertible debt, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.    We may also need to refinance
a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. Furthermore, if prevailing interest
rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase. These risks could materially adversely affect our financial
condition, cash flows and results of operations.    Global economic uncertainty and debt issues could adversely impact our business and
financial condition.    The varying pace of global economic recovery continues to create uncertainty and unpredictability and
add risk to our future outlook. If an agreement on expanding the U.S. national debt ceiling is not reached in a timely manner in early 2014, the U.S. could default on its obligations which would impact the U.S. and other economies. An uncertain
global economy could also result in churn in our customer base, reductions in revenues from our offerings, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, adversely affecting our liquidity. The uncertain
economic environment could also have an impact on our foreign exchange forward contracts if our counterparties’ credit deteriorates further or they are otherwise unable to perform their obligations. Finally, our ability to access the capital
markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to do so which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional expansion opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future.  
 The market price of our stock may continue to be highly volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline.  
 Since January 1, 2012, the closing sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market has ranged from $100.90 to
$229.67 per share. The market price of the shares of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile. General economic and market conditions, and market conditions for telecommunications stocks in general, may affect the market
price of our common stock.  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Announcements by us or others, or speculations about our future plans, may also have a
significant impact on the market price of our common stock. These may relate to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our operating results or forecasts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   new issuances of equity, debt or convertible debt by us;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes to our capital allocation, tax planning or business strategy;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our planned conversion to a REIT;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a stock repurchase program;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   developments in our relationships with corporate customers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   announcements by our customers or competitors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in regulatory policy or interpretation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   governmental investigations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in the ratings of our debt or stock by rating agencies or securities analysts;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our purchase or development of real estate and/or additional IBX data centers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our acquisitions of complementary businesses; or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the operational performance of our IBX data centers.    The stock market has from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which have particularly affected the market prices for telecommunications companies, and which have often been
unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in our planned conversion to a REIT, the market price of our common stock may
decrease, and the decrease may be material. Furthermore, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the
future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and/or damages, and divert management’s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.  
 If we are not able to generate sufficient operating cash flows or obtain external financing, our ability to fund incremental expansion plans may be
limited.    Our capital expenditures, together with ongoing operating expenses, obligations to service our debt and the cash
outlays associated with our REIT conversion, will be a substantial drain on our cash flow and may decrease our cash balances. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available when needed or, if available, may not be available on satisfactory
terms. Our inability to obtain additional debt and/or equity financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to prioritize projects or curtail capital expenditures which could adversely affect our results of operations.
   Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate internationally could harm our results of operations.
   We may experience gains and losses resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. To date, the majority
of our revenues and costs are denominated in U.S. dollars; however, the majority of revenues and costs in our international operations are denominated in foreign currencies. Where our prices are denominated in U.S. dollars, our sales and revenues
could be adversely affected by declines in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, thereby making our offerings more expensive in local currencies. We are also exposed to risks resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
in connection with our international expansions. To the extent we are paying contractors in foreign currencies, our expansions could cost more than anticipated as a result of declines in the U.S dollar relative to foreign currencies. In addition,
fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates have a direct impact on how our international results of operations translate into U.S. dollars.  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Although we currently undertake, and may decide in the future to further undertake, foreign
exchange hedging transactions to reduce foreign currency transaction exposure, we do not currently intend to eliminate all foreign currency transaction exposure. Therefore, any weakness of the U.S. dollar may have a positive impact on our
consolidated results of operations because the currencies in the foreign countries in which we operate may translate into more U.S. dollars. However, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to the currencies of the foreign countries in which we
operate, our consolidated financial position and results of operations may be negatively impacted as amounts in foreign currencies will generally translate into fewer U.S. dollars. For additional information on foreign currency risk, refer to our
discussion of foreign currency risk in “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” included in Item 7A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof, including changes to tax rates, may adversely affect our financial statements and cash taxes.  
 We are a U.S. company with global subsidiaries and are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe that we have adequately assessed and accounted for our potential tax liabilities, and that our tax estimates are
reasonable, there can be no certainty that additional taxes will not be due upon audit of our tax returns or as a result of changes to the tax laws and interpretations thereof. The U.S. Congress as well as the governments of many of the
countries in which we operate are actively discussing changes to the corporate recognition and taxation of worldwide income. The nature and timing of any changes to each jurisdiction’s tax laws and the impact on our future tax liabilities
cannot be predicted with any accuracy but could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and financial position including cash flows.    We are continuing to invest in our expansion efforts but may not have sufficient customer demand in the future to realize expected returns on these investments.  
 We are considering the acquisition or lease of additional properties and the construction of new IBX data centers beyond those expansion
projects already announced. We will be required to commit substantial operational and financial resources to these IBX data centers, generally 12 to 18 months in advance of securing customer contracts, and we may not have sufficient customer demand
in those markets to support these centers once they are built. In addition, unanticipated technological changes could affect customer requirements for data centers, and we may not have built such requirements into our new IBX data centers. Either of
these contingencies, if they were to occur, could make it difficult for us to realize expected or reasonable returns on these investments.  
 Our offerings have a long sales cycle that may harm our revenues and operating results.  
 A customer’s decision to purchase our service offerings typically involves a significant commitment of resources. In addition, some
customers will be reluctant to commit to locating in our IBX data centers until they are confident that the IBX data center has adequate carrier connections. As a result, we have a long sales cycle. Furthermore, we may devote significant time and
resources in pursuing a particular sale or customer that does not result in revenue. We have also significantly expanded our sales force in the past year, and it will take time for these new hires to become fully productive. 
 Delays due to the length of our sales cycle may materially and adversely affect our revenues and operating results, which could harm our
ability to meet our forecasts and cause volatility in our stock price.    Any failure of our physical infrastructure or offerings could lead
to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenue and harm our business reputation and financial results.  
 Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safehouse our customers’ infrastructure and
equipment located in our IBX data centers. We own certain of our IBX data centers, but others are leased by us, and we rely on the landlord for basic maintenance of our leased IBX data centers. If such landlord has not maintained a leased property
sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit from the center which could be disruptive to our business. Furthermore, we continue to acquire IBX data centers not built by us. If we discover that these IBX data centers and their infrastructure
assets are not in the condition we expected when they were acquired, we may be required to incur substantial additional costs to repair or upgrade the centers.  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The offerings we provide in each of our IBX data centers are subject to failure resulting
from numerous factors, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   human error;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   equipment failure;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   physical, electronic and cybersecurity breaches;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, tornado and other natural disasters;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   extreme temperatures;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   water damage;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fiber cuts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   power loss;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   terrorist acts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   sabotage and vandalism; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   failure of business partners who provide our resale products.  
 Problems at one or more of our IBX data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant
equipment damage. We have service level commitment obligations to certain of our customers, including our significant customers. As a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our IBX data centers could result in difficulty
maintaining service level commitments to these customers and potential claims related to such failures. Because our IBX data centers are critical to many of our customers’ businesses, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our
IBX data centers could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. We cannot guarantee that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability in the event that one of our customers brings
a lawsuit against us as a result of a problem at one of our IBX data centers. In addition, any loss of service, equipment damage or inability to meet our service level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could
consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results.    Furthermore, we are dependent upon Internet service providers, telecommunications carriers and other website operators in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and EMEA regions and elsewhere, some of which have
experienced significant system failures and electrical outages in the past. Our customers may in the future experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. If, for any reason, these providers fail to provide
the required services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.    We are
currently making significant investments in our back office information technology systems, including those surrounding the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing, and upgrading our worldwide financial application suite.
Difficulties, distractions or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and operating results.    Commencing in 2012, we began a significant project to overhaul our back office systems that support the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing. Additionally, commencing in 2013, we
began to devote significant resources to the upgrade of our worldwide financial application suite from Oracle’s version 11i to R12. Both projects have continued into 2014. Oracle has already begun to discontinue its support for our current
business application suite. As a result of that discontinued support and our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems, management distraction, and significant business disruptions. Difficulties with our
systems may interrupt our ability to accept and deliver customer orders and impact our overall financial operations, including our accounts payable, accounts receivables, general ledger, close processes, internal financial controls, and our ability
to otherwise run and track our business. We may need to expend significant attention, time and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions. Such significant investments in our back office
systems may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits we hoped to achieve and there is a risk of an impairment charge if we decide that portions of these projects will not
ultimately benefit the company or are de-scoped. Any such difficulty or disruption may adversely affect our business and operating results.  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The insurance coverage that we purchase may prove to be inadequate.  
 We carry liability, property, business interruption and other insurance policies to cover insurable risks to our company. We select the
types of insurance, the limits and the deductibles based on our specific risk profile, the cost of the insurance coverage versus its perceived benefit and general industry standards. Our insurance policies contain industry standard exclusions for
events such as war and nuclear reaction. We purchase minimal levels of earthquake insurance for certain of our IBX data centers, but for most of our data centers, including many in California, we have elected to self-insure. The earthquake and flood
insurance that we do purchase would be subject to high deductibles and any of the limits of insurance that we purchase could prove to be inadequate, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations.    Our construction of additional new IBX data centers, or IBX data center expansions, could involve significant risks to our
business.    In order to sustain our growth in certain of our existing and new markets, we must expand an existing data
center, lease a new facility or acquire suitable land, with or without structures, to build new IBX data centers from the ground up. Expansions or new builds are currently underway, or being contemplated, in many of our markets. Any related
construction requires us to carefully select and rely on the experience of one or more designers, general contractors, and associated subcontractors during the design and construction process. Should a designer, general contractor, or significant
subcontractor experience financial or other problems during the design or construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other negative impacts to our expected returns.  
 Site selection is also a critical factor in our expansion plans. There may not be suitable properties available in our markets with the
necessary combination of high power capacity and fiber connectivity, or selection may be limited. Thus, while we may prefer to locate new IBX data centers adjacent to our existing locations it may not always be possible. In the event we decide to
build new IBX data centers separate from our existing IBX data centers, we may provide interconnection solutions to connect these two centers. Should these solutions not provide the necessary reliability to sustain connection, this could result in
lower interconnection revenue and lower margins and could have a negative impact on customer retention over time.    Environmental
regulations may impose upon us new or unexpected costs.    We are subject to various federal, state, local and international
environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. Certain of these laws and regulations also impose joint and several liability,
without regard to fault, for investigation and cleanup costs on current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. Our operations involve the use of
hazardous substances and materials such as petroleum fuel for emergency generators, as well as batteries, cleaning solutions and other materials. In addition, we lease, own or operate real property at which hazardous substances and regulated
materials have been used in the past. At some of our locations, hazardous substances or regulated materials are known to be present in soil or groundwater, and there may be additional unknown hazardous substances or regulated materials present at
sites we own, operate or lease. At some of our locations, there are land use restrictions in place relating to earlier environmental cleanups that do not materially limit our use of the sites. To the extent any hazardous substances or any other
substance or material must be cleaned up or removed from our property, we may be responsible under applicable laws, regulations or leases for the removal or cleanup of such substances or materials, the cost of which could be substantial.  

      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, we are subject to environmental, health and safety laws regulating air
emissions, storm water management and other issues arising in our business. While these obligations do not normally impose material costs upon our operations, unexpected events, equipment malfunctions and human error, among other factors, can lead
to violations of environmental laws, regulations or permits. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations change frequently and may require additional investment to maintain compliance. Noncompliance with existing, or adoption of more stringent,
environmental or health and safety laws and regulations or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs or become the basis of new or increased liabilities that could be material.  
 Fossil fuel combustion creates greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions that are linked to global climate change. Regulations to limit
GHG emissions are in force in the European Union in an effort to prevent or reduce climate change. In the U.S., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) regulates GHG emissions from major stationary sources under the Clean Air Act.
Current regulations apply to large sources of GHGs, such as, for example, fossil-fueled electricity generating facilities, the construction of new facilities that emit 100,000 tons per year or more of carbon dioxide equivalent (“CO2e”, a
unit of measurement for GHGs) and the modification of any existing facility that results in an increase of GHG emissions by 75,000 tons per year of CO2e. A small source exception applies to our existing and anticipated facilities, which exempts
sources emitting below 50,000 tons per year of CO2e or any modification resulting in an increase of less than 50,000 tons per year of CO2e, from permitting requirements until at least April 30, 2016. The EPA may develop permitting requirements
for smaller sources of GHGs after April 30, 2016, which could potentially affect our facilities. We will continue to monitor the developments of this regulatory program to evaluate its impact on our facilities and business.  
 Several states within the U.S. have adopted laws intended to limit fossil fuel consumption and/or encourage renewable energy development
for the same purpose. For example, California enacted AB-32, the Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, prescribing a statewide cap on global warming pollution with a goal of reaching 1990 GHG emission levels by 2020, and established a mandatory
emissions reporting program. Regulations adopted by the California Air Resources Board, require allowances to be surrendered for emissions of GHGs. This first phase of the cap-and-trade program commenced on January 1, 2013, and could increase
our electricity costs. The effect on the price we pay for electricity cannot yet be determined, but the increase could exceed 5% of our costs of electricity at our California locations. In 2015, a second phase of the program will begin,
imposing allowance obligations upon suppliers of most forms of fossil fuels, which will increase the costs of our petroleum fuels used for transportation and emergency generators.  
 We do not anticipate that the climate change-related laws and regulations will force us to modify our operations to limit the emissions
of GHG. We could, however, be directly subject to taxes, fees or costs, or could indirectly be required to reimburse electricity providers for such costs representing the GHG attributable to our electricity or fossil fuel consumption. These cost
increases could materially increase our costs of operation or limit the availability of electricity or emergency generator fuels. The physical impacts of climate change, including extreme weather conditions such as heat waves, could materially
increase our costs of operation due to, for example, an increase in our energy use in order to maintain the temperature and internal environment of our data centers necessary for our operations. To the extent any environmental laws enacted or
regulations impose new or unexpected costs, our business, results of operations or financial condition may be adversely affected.    If we
are unable to recruit or retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed.    We must continue to identify, hire,
train and retain IT professionals, technical engineers, operations employees, and sales, marketing, finance and senior management personnel who maintain relationships with our customers and who can provide the technical, strategic and marketing
skills required for our company to grow. There is a shortage of qualified personnel in these fields, and we compete with other companies for the limited pool of talent. The failure to recruit and retain necessary personnel, including, but not
limited to, members of our executive team, could harm our business and our ability to grow our company.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors.  
 We must be able to differentiate our IBX data centers and product offerings from those of our competitors. In addition to competing with
other neutral colocation providers, we compete with traditional colocation providers, including telecommunications companies, carriers, internet service providers, managed services providers and large REITs who also operate in our market and may
enjoy a cost advantage in providing offerings similar to those provided by our IBX data centers. We may experience competition from our landlords which could also reduce the amount of space available to us for expansion in the future. Rather than
leasing available space in our buildings to large single tenants, they may decide to convert the space instead to smaller square foot units designed for multi-tenant colocation use, blurring the line between retail and wholesale space. We may also
face competition from existing competitors or new entrants to the market seeking to replicate our global IBX data center concept by building or acquiring data centers, offering colocation on neutral terms or by replicating our strategy and
messaging. Finally, customers may also decide it is cost-effective for them to build out their own data centers. Once customers have an established data center footprint, either through a relationship with one of our competitors or through
in-sourcing, it may be extremely difficult to convince them to relocate to our IBX data centers.    Some of our competitors may
adopt aggressive pricing policies, especially if they are not highly leveraged or have lower return thresholds than we do. As a result, we may suffer from pricing pressure that would adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Some of these
competitors may also provide our target customers with additional benefits, including bundled communication services or cloud services, and may do so in a manner that is more attractive to our potential customers than obtaining space in our IBX data
centers. Similarly, with growing acceptance of cloud-based technologies, Equinix is at risk losing customers that may decide to fully leverage cloud infrastructure offerings instead of managing their own. Competitors could also operate more
successfully or form alliances to acquire significant market share.    Failure to compete successfully may materially adversely
affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.    Our business could be harmed by prolonged power outages or
shortages, increased costs of energy or general lack of availability of electrical resources.    Our IBX data centers are
susceptible to regional costs of power, power shortages, planned or unplanned power outages and limitations, especially internationally, on the availability of adequate power resources.  
 Power outages, such as those relating to the earthquake and tsunami in Japan in 2011 or Superstorm Sandy, which hit the U.S. East Coast
in 2012, could harm our customers and our business. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators and power supplies; however, we may not be able to limit our exposure entirely even with these protections in place.
Some of our IBXs are located in leased buildings where, depending upon the lease requirements and number of tenants involved, we may or may not control some or all of the infrastructure including generators and fuel tanks. As a result, in the event
of a power outage, we may be dependent upon the landlord, as well as the utility company, to restore the power.    In addition,
global fluctuations in the price of power can increase the cost of energy, and although contractual price increase clauses exist in the majority of our customer agreements, we may not always choose to pass these increased costs on to our customers.
   In each of our markets, we rely on third parties to provide a sufficient amount of power for current and future customers. At
the same time, power and cooling requirements are growing on a per unit basis. As a result, some customers are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. We generally do not control the amount of power our customers draw from their
installed circuits. This means that we could face power limitations in our IBX data centers. This could have a negative impact on the effective available capacity of a given center and limit our ability to grow our business, which could have a
negative impact on our financial performance, operating results and cash flows.  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may also have difficulty obtaining sufficient power capacity for potential expansion
sites in new or existing markets. We may experience significant delays and substantial increased costs demanded by the utilities to provide the level of electrical service required by our current IBX data center designs.  
 If our internal controls are found to be ineffective, our financial results or our stock price may be adversely affected.  
 Our most recent evaluation of our controls resulted in our conclusion that, as of December 31, 2013, in compliance with
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our internal controls over financial reporting were effective. Our ability to manage our operations and growth, and to successfully implement our proposed REIT conversion and other systems upgrades
designed to support our growth, will require us to develop our controls and reporting systems and implement or amend new controls and reporting systems. If, in the future, our internal control over financial reporting is found to be ineffective, or
if a material weakness is identified in our controls over financial reporting, our financial results may be adversely affected. Investors may also lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements which could adversely affect our stock
price.    In addition, in May 2013, the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”)
issued a new version of its internal control framework, which will be deemed by COSO to supersede the 1992 version of the framework effective December 15, 2014. We have not developed our plan for transition to application of the 2013 edition of
the framework to our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. It is possible that during the course of the transition to the new framework and its application to our assessment of our internal controls, we may determine that
deficiencies exist in our internal controls, possibly rising to the level of material weakness. Such an occurrence, or a failure to effectively remedy such a deficiency, could harm investor confidence in the accuracy and timeliness of our financial
reports and negatively impact the market price of our common stock.    If we cannot effectively manage our international operations, and
successfully implement our international expansion plans, our revenues may not increase and our business and results of operations would be harmed.    For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recognized approximately 46%, 44% and 41%, respectively, of our revenues outside the U.S. We currently operate outside of the U.S. in Canada,
Brazil, EMEA and Asia-Pacific.    To date, the network neutrality of our IBX data centers and the variety of networks available
to our customers has often been a competitive advantage for us. In certain of our acquired IBX data centers in the Asia-Pacific region the limited number of carriers available reduces that advantage. As a result, we may need to adapt our key
revenue-generating offerings and pricing to be competitive in those markets. In addition, we are currently undergoing expansions or evaluating expansion opportunities outside of the U.S. Undertaking and managing expansions in foreign jurisdictions
may present unanticipated challenges to us.    Our international operations are generally subject to a number of additional
risks, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the costs of customizing IBX data centers for foreign countries;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   protectionist laws and business practices favoring local competition;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   greater difficulty or delay in accounts receivable collection;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including negotiating with foreign labor unions or workers’ councils;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulties in managing across cultures and in foreign languages;  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   political and economic instability;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulties in repatriating funds from certain countries;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to obtain, transfer, or maintain licenses required by governmental entities with respect to our business;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   unexpected changes in regulatory, tax and political environments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to secure and maintain the necessary physical and telecommunications infrastructure;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   compliance with economic and trade sanctions enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   compliance with evolving governmental regulation with which we have little experience.  
 In addition, compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of
doing business in foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations include data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, import and trade restrictions, export requirements, economic and trade sanctions,
U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws which also prohibit corrupt payments to governmental officials. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our
employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our offerings in one or more countries, could delay or prevent potential acquisitions, and could also materially
damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks and manage
these difficulties.    Economic uncertainty in developing markets could adversely affect our revenue and earnings.  
 We conduct business, or are contemplating expansion, in developing markets with economies that tend to be more volatile than those in the
U.S. and Western Europe. The risk of doing business in developing markets such as Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Russia, the United Arab Emirates and other economically volatile areas could adversely affect our operations and
earnings. Such risks include the financial instability among customers in these regions, political instability, fraud or corruption and other non-economic factors such as irregular trade flows that need to be managed successfully with the help
of the local governments. In addition, commercial laws in some developing countries can be vague, inconsistently administered and retroactively applied. If we are deemed not to be in compliance with applicable laws in developing countries
where we conduct business, our prospects and business in those countries could be harmed, which could then have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. Our failure to successfully manage economic,
political and other risks relating to doing business in developing countries and economically and politically volatile areas could adversely affect our business.    The use of high power density equipment may limit our ability to fully utilize our older IBX data centers.    Some customers have increased their use of high power density equipment, such as blade servers, in our IBX data centers which has increased the demand for power on a per cabinet basis. Because many of our
IBX data centers were built a number of years ago, the current demand for power may exceed the designed electrical capacity in these centers. As power, not space, is a limiting factor in many of our IBX data centers, our ability to fully
utilize those IBX data centers may be limited. The ability to increase the power capacity of an IBX data center, should we decide to, is dependent on several factors including, but not limited to, the local utility’s ability to provide
additional power; the length of time required to provide such power; and/or whether it is feasible to upgrade the electrical infrastructure of an IBX data center to deliver additional power to customers. Although we are currently designing and
building to a higher power specification than that of many of our older IBX data centers, there is a risk that demand will continue to increase and our IBX data centers could become underutilized sooner than expected.  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We expect our operating results to fluctuate.  
 We have experienced fluctuations in our results of operations on a quarterly and annual basis. The fluctuations in our operating results
may cause the market price of our common stock to be volatile. We may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results in the foreseeable future due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations of foreign currencies in the markets in which we operate;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the timing and magnitude of depreciation and interest expense or other expenses related to the acquisition, purchase or construction of additional IBX
data centers or the upgrade of existing IBX data centers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   demand for space, power and services at our IBX data centers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in general economic conditions, such as an economic downturn, or specific market conditions in the telecommunications and Internet industries,
both of which may have an impact on our customer base;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   charges to earnings resulting from past acquisitions due to, among other things, impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, reduction in the useful
lives of intangible assets acquired, identification of additional assumed contingent liabilities or revised estimates to restructure an acquired company’s operations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the duration of the sales cycle for our offerings and our ability to ramp our newly-hired sales persons to full productivity within the time period we
have forecasted;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   restructuring charges or reversals of existing restructuring charges, which may be necessary due to revised sublease assumptions, changes in strategy
or otherwise;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   acquisitions or dispositions we may make;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the financial condition and credit risk of our customers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the provision of customer discounts and credits;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the mix of current and proposed products and offerings and the gross margins associated with our products and offerings;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the timing required for new and future IBX data centers to open or become fully utilized;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   competition in the markets in which we operate;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   conditions related to international operations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increasing repair and maintenance expenses in connection with aging IBX data centers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   lack of available capacity in our existing IBX data centers to generate new revenue or delays in opening new or acquired IBX data centers that delay
our ability to generate new revenue in markets which have otherwise reached capacity;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in rent expense as we amend our IBX data center leases in connection with extending their lease terms when their initial lease term expiration
dates approach or changes in shared operating costs in connection with our leases, which are commonly referred to as common area maintenance expenses;  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   the timing and magnitude of other operating expenses, including taxes, expenses related to the expansion of sales, marketing, operations and
acquisitions, if any, of complementary businesses and assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the cost and availability of adequate public utilities, including power;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in employee stock-based compensation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   overall inflation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increasing interest expense due to any increases in interest rates and/or potential additional debt financings;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our proposed REIT conversion, including the timing of expenditures and other cash outlays associated with the REIT conversion;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in our tax planning strategies or failure to realize anticipated benefits from such strategies;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in income tax benefit or expense; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in or new generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the U.S. as periodically released by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (“FASB”).    Any of the foregoing factors, or other factors discussed elsewhere in
this report, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have experienced growth in revenues in recent quarters, this growth rate is not necessarily indicative of future operating
results. Prior to 2008, we had generated net losses every fiscal year since inception. It is possible that we may not be able to generate net income on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. In addition, a relatively large portion of our
expenses are fixed in the short-term, particularly with respect to lease and personnel expenses, depreciation and amortization and interest expenses. Therefore, our results of operations are particularly sensitive to fluctuations in revenues. As
such, comparisons to prior reporting periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. In addition, our operating results in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors.
   We have incurred substantial losses in the past and may incur additional losses in the future.  
 As of December 31, 2013, our accumulated deficit was $36.4 million. Although we have generated net income for each fiscal year since
2008, which was our first full year of net income since our inception, we are also currently investing heavily in our future growth through the build out of multiple additional IBX data centers and IBX data center expansions as well as acquisitions
of complementary businesses. As a result, we will incur higher depreciation and other operating expenses, as well as acquisition costs and interest expense, that may negatively impact our ability to sustain profitability in future periods unless and
until these new IBX data centers generate enough revenue to exceed their operating costs and cover our additional overhead needed to scale our business for this anticipated growth. The current global financial uncertainty may also impact our ability
to sustain profitability if we cannot generate sufficient revenue to offset the increased costs of our recently-opened IBX data centers or IBX data centers currently under construction. In addition, costs associated with the acquisition and
integration of any acquired companies, as well as the additional interest expense associated with debt financing we have undertaken to fund our growth initiatives, may also negatively impact our ability to sustain profitability. Finally, given the
competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The failure to obtain favorable terms when we renew our IBX data center leases, or the failure to renew
such leases, could harm our business and results of operations.    While we own certain of our IBX data centers, others are
leased under long-term arrangements with lease terms expiring at various dates through 2053. These leased centers have all been subject to significant development by us in order to convert them from, in most cases, vacant buildings or warehouses
into IBX data centers. Most of our IBX data center leases have renewal options available to us. However, many of these renewal options provide for the rent to be set at then-prevailing market rates. To the extent that then-prevailing market rates
are higher than present rates, these higher costs may adversely impact our business and results of operations, or we may decide against renewing the lease. In the event that an IBX data center lease does not have a renewal option, we may not be
successful in negotiating a renewal of the lease with the landlord. A failure to renew a lease could force us to exit a building prematurely, which could be disruptive to our business, harm our customer relationships, expose us to liability under
our customer contracts, cause us to take impairment charges and negatively affect our operating results.    We depend on a number of third
parties to provide Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers; if connectivity is interrupted or terminated, our operating results and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected.  
 The presence of diverse telecommunications carriers’ fiber networks in our IBX data centers is critical to our ability to retain and
attract new customers. We are not a telecommunications carrier, and as such, we rely on third parties to provide our customers with carrier services. We believe that the availability of carrier capacity will directly affect our ability to achieve
our projected results. We rely primarily on revenue opportunities from the telecommunications carriers’ customers to encourage them to invest the capital and operating resources required to connect from their centers to our IBX data centers.
Carriers will likely evaluate the revenue opportunity of an IBX data center based on the assumption that the environment will be highly competitive. We cannot provide assurance that each and every carrier will elect to offer its services within our
IBX data centers or that once a carrier has decided to provide Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers that it will continue to do so for any period of time.    Our new IBX data centers require construction and operation of a sophisticated redundant fiber network. The construction required to connect multiple carrier facilities to our IBX data centers is complex
and involves factors outside of our control, including regulatory processes and the availability of construction resources. Any hardware or fiber failures on this network may result in significant loss of connectivity to our new IBX data center
expansions. This could affect our ability to attract new customers to these IBX data centers or retain existing customers.    If
the establishment of highly diverse Internet connectivity to our IBX data centers does not occur, is materially delayed or is discontinued, or is subject to failure, our operating results and cash flow will be adversely affected.  
 We may be vulnerable to security breaches which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and
operating results.    A party who is able to compromise the security measures on our networks or the security of our
infrastructure could misappropriate either our proprietary information or the personal information of our customers, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or our customers’ operations. As we provide assurances to our
customers that we provide the highest level of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. We may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate
problems caused by breaches in security. As techniques used to breach security change frequently, and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we may not be able to implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when
implemented, we may not be able to determine the extent to which these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, harm to
our reputation and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results.    We have government customers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties.  
 We derive some revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments and foreign governments. Some of these
customers may terminate all or part of their contracts at any time, without cause.  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  There is increased pressure for governments and their agencies, both domestically and
internationally, to reduce spending. Some of our federal government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations being made by the U.S. Congress to fund the expenditures under these contracts. Similarly, some of our contracts at the state
and local levels are subject to government funding authorizations.    Additionally, government contracts are generally subject
to audits and investigations which could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and
suspensions or debarment from future government business.    Because we depend on the development and growth of a balanced customer base,
including key magnet customers, failure to attract, grow and retain this base of customers could harm our business and operating results.    Our ability to maximize revenues depends on our ability to develop and grow a balanced customer base, consisting of a variety of companies, including enterprises, cloud, digital content and financial
companies, and network service providers. We consider certain of these customers to be key magnets in that they draw in other customers. The more balanced the customer base within each IBX data center, the better we will be able to generate
significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our IBX data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including the presence of multiple carriers, the mix of our offerings,
the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through vertical market ecosystems, the IBX data center’s operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our offerings. However, some of
our customers may face competitive pressures and may ultimately not be successful or may be consolidated through merger or acquisition. If these customers do not continue to use our IBX data centers it may be disruptive to our business. Finally, the
uncertain economic climate may harm our ability to attract and retain customers if customers slow spending, or delay decision-making, on our offerings, or if customers begin to have difficulty paying us and we experience increased churn in our
customer base. Any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 We may be subject to securities class action and other litigation, which may harm our business and results of operations.  
 We may be subject to securities class action or other litigation. For example, securities class action litigation has often been brought
against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. Litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and divert management’s attention and resources. Results cannot be predicted with certainty and an adverse outcome in
litigation could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief that could seriously harm our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.    We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights.    We cannot
make assurances that the steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to deter misappropriation of proprietary information or that we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our
intellectual property rights. We also are subject to the risk of litigation alleging infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. Any such claims could require us to spend significant sums in litigation, pay damages, develop
non-infringing intellectual property, or acquire licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of the alleged infringement.  
 Government regulation may adversely affect our business.    Various laws and governmental regulations, both in the U.S. and abroad, governing Internet related services, related communications services and information technologies remain largely unsettled, even in
areas where there has been some legislative action. For example, the Federal Communications Commission is considering proposed Internet rules and regulation of broadband that may result in material changes in the regulations and contribution regime
affecting us and our customers. Likewise, as part of a review of the current equity market structure, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission have both sought comments regarding the regulation of
independent data centers, such as us, which provide colocation for financial markets and exchanges. The CFTC is also considering regulation of companies that use automated and high-frequency trading systems. Any such regulation may ultimately affect
our provision of offerings.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  It also may take years to determine whether and how existing laws, such as those governing
intellectual property, privacy, libel, telecommunications services and taxation, apply to the Internet and to related offerings such as ours, and substantial resources may be required to comply with regulations or bring any non-compliant business
practices into compliance with such regulations. In addition, the development of the market for online commerce and the displacement of traditional telephony service by the Internet and related communications services may prompt an increased call
for more stringent consumer protection laws or other regulation both in the U.S. and abroad that may impose additional burdens on companies conducting business online and their service providers.  
 The adoption, or modification of laws or regulations relating to the Internet and our business, or interpretations of existing laws,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.    Industry consolidation may have a
negative impact on our business model.    If customers combine businesses, they may require less colocation space, which
could lead to churn in our customer base. Regional competitors may also consolidate to become a global competitor. Consolidation of our customers and/or our competitors may present a risk to our business model and have a negative impact on our
revenues.    Terrorist activity throughout the world and military action to counter terrorism could adversely impact our business.
   The continued threat of terrorist activity and other acts of war or hostility contribute to a climate of political and
economic uncertainty. Due to existing or developing circumstances, we may need to incur additional costs in the future to provide enhanced security, including cybersecurity, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. These circumstances may also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, our ability to raise capital and the operation and maintenance of our IBX data centers.    We have various mechanisms in place that may discourage takeover attempts.  
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring control of
us in a merger, acquisition or similar transaction that a stockholder may consider favorable. Such provisions include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   authorization for the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the prohibition of cumulative voting in the election of directors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limits on the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limits on stockholder action by written consent; and      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   advance notice requirements for nominations to the Board or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings.
   In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which restricts certain business
combinations with interested stockholders in certain situations, may also discourage, delay or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us.      
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
 There is no disclosure to report pursuant to Item 1B.  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES    Our executive
offices are located in Redwood City, California, and we also have sales offices in several cities throughout the U.S. Our Asia-Pacific headquarters office is located in Hong Kong and we also have office space in Shanghai, China; Singapore; Tokyo,
Japan; and Sydney, Australia, which is contained in one of our IBX data centers there. Our EMEA headquarters office is located in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and our regional sales offices in EMEA are based in our IBX data centers in EMEA. We have
entered into leases for certain of our IBX data centers in Atlanta, Georgia; New York, New York; Dallas, Texas; Chicago, Illinois; Englewood, Colorado; Los Angeles, Palo Alto, San Jose, Santa Clara and Sunnyvale, California; Miami, Florida; Newark,
North Bergen and Secaucus, New Jersey; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Reston and Vienna, Virginia; Seattle, Washington; Toronto, Canada; Waltham, Massachusetts and Rio De Janeiro and Sao Paolo, Brazil in the Americas region; Shanghai, China; Hong Kong;
Singapore; Sydney, Australia and Osaka and Tokyo, Japan in the Asia-Pacific region; Dubai, U.A.E.; London, United Kingdom; Paris, France; Frankfurt, Munich and Dusseldorf, Germany; Zurich and Geneva, Switzerland and Enschede and Zwolle, the
Netherlands in the EMEA region. We own certain of our IBX data centers in Ashburn, Virginia; Chicago, Illinois; Los Angeles and San Jose, California; New York, New York; Paris, France; Frankfurt, Germany and Amsterdam, the Netherlands. We own
campuses in Ashburn, Virginia, Silicon Valley and Frankfurt, Germany that house some of our IBX data centers mentioned in the preceding sentence.      
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    None      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE    Not applicable.  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
 Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol of “EQIX.” Our common stock began trading in
August 2000. The following table sets forth on a per share basis the low and high closing prices of our common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market during the last two years.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 High 
   


 
   Fiscal 2013: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fourth Fiscal Quarter 
    
 $ 
 155.18 
    
    
 $ 
 181.92 
    
 
   Third Fiscal Quarter 
    
   
 165.99 
    
    
   
 202.98 
    
 
   Second Fiscal Quarter 
    
   
 176.13 
    
    
   
 229.67 
    
 
   First Fiscal Quarter 
    
   
 206.31 
    
    
   
 226.00 
    
 
   Fiscal 2012: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fourth Fiscal Quarter 
    
 $ 
 172.90 
    
    
 $ 
 206.20 
    
 
   Third Fiscal Quarter 
    
   
 161.37 
    
    
   
 206.05 
    
 
   Second Fiscal Quarter 
    
   
 147.70 
    
    
   
 175.65 
    
 
   First Fiscal Quarter 
    
   
 100.90 
    
    
   
 157.45 
    
   As of January 31, 2014, we had 49,403,798 shares of our common stock outstanding held by
approximately 201 registered holders.    We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. However, if we
are successful in pursuing our planned REIT conversion, we expect to become a dividend-paying company in the future. Until such time that we complete all significant actions necessary to qualify as a REIT, we intend to retain our earnings, if any,
for future growth.    During the year ended December 31, 2013, we did not issue or sell any securities on an unregistered
basis.    Purchases of Equity Securities by Issuer    The following table sets forth a summary of our stock repurchases under our share repurchase program for the three months ended December 31, 2013:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number of shares purchased 
   
    
 Average price per share 
   
    
 Number of shares purchased under publicly announced programs 
   
    
 Approximate dollar value that may yet be purchased under the programs (in thousands) 
   


 
   Beginning balance available under the share repurchase program as of December 1, 2013  (1) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 500,000 
    
 
   Shares repurchased: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   December 2013 
    
   
 288,739 
    
    
   
 169.01 
    
    
   
 288,739 
    
    
   
 (48,799 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance available under the share repurchase program as of December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 451,201 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 On December 4, 2013, we announced a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $500.0 million in value of our common stock in open market transactions through
December 31, 2014, which is referred to as the share repurchase program (see “Share Repurchase Program” in Note 12 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
 
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Stock Performance Graph    The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on Equinix’s common stock between December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2013 with the cumulative total return of
(i) The NASDAQ Composite Index and (ii) The NASDAQ Telecommunications Index. This graph assumes the investment of $100.00 on December 31, 2008 in Equinix’s common stock, in The NASDAQ Composite Index, and in The NASDAQ
Telecommunications Index, and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any.    Equinix cautions that the stock price
performance shown in the graph below is not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the potential future performance of Equinix’s common stock.      
 


 
    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any of Equinix’s previous or future filings
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate this Annual Report on Form 10-K or future filings made by Equinix under those statutes, the stock performance graph shall not be
deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of those prior filings or into any future filings made by Equinix under those statutes.  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
 The following consolidated statement of operations data for the five years ended December 31, 2013 and the consolidated balance sheet
data as of December 31, 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010 and 2009 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future
periods. The following selected consolidated financial data for the three years ended December 31, 2013 and as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related
notes in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we completed
acquisitions of Frankfurt Kleyer 90 carrier hotel in October 2013, a Dubai IBX data center in November 2012, acquisitions of Asia Tone Limited and ancotel GmbH in July 2012, an acquisition of an indirect controlling interest in ALOG Data Centers do
Brasil S.A. in April 2011 and an acquisition of Switch and Data Facilities Company, Inc. in April 2010. We also sold 16 of our IBX data centers located throughout the U.S. in November 2012. For further information on these acquisitions and our
discontinued operations, refer to Notes 3 and 5, respectively, of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also revised our previously-issued consolidated financial statements to reflect
error corrections as fully described in Note 2 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 (as revised) 
   
   
 2011 (as revised) 
   
   
 2010 (as revised) 
   
   
 2009 (as revised) 
   
 
   
    
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   Consolidated Statement of Operations Data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 2,152,766 
    
   
 $ 
 1,887,376 
    
   
 $ 
 1,565,625 
    
   
 $ 
 1,188,652 
    
   
 $ 
 877,570 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Costs and operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of revenues 
    
   
 1,064,403 
    
   
   
 944,617 
    
   
   
 829,024 
    
   
   
 652,445 
    
   
   
 483,709 
    
 
   Sales and marketing 
    
   
 246,623 
    
   
   
 202,914 
    
   
   
 158,347 
    
   
   
 110,765 
    
   
   
 63,584 
    
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 374,790 
    
   
   
 328,266 
    
   
   
 265,554 
    
   
   
 220,618 
    
   
   
 155,324 
    
 
   Restructuring charges 
    
   
 (4,837 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,481 
    
   
   
 6,734 
    
   
   
 (6,053 
 )  
 
   Impairment charges 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,861 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 10,855 
    
   
   
 8,822 
    
   
   
 3,297 
    
   
   
 12,337 
    
   
   
 5,155 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
    
   
 1,691,834 
    
   
   
 1,494,480 
    
   
   
 1,259,703 
    
   
   
 1,002,899 
    
   
   
 701,719 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations 
    
   
 460,932 
    
   
   
 392,896 
    
   
   
 305,922 
    
   
   
 185,753 
    
   
   
 175,851 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3,387 
    
   
   
 3,466 
    
   
   
 2,280 
    
   
   
 1,515 
    
   
   
 2,384 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (248,792 
 )  
   
   
 (200,328 
 )  
   
   
 (181,303 
 )  
   
   
 (140,475 
 )  
   
   
 (74,232 
 )  
 
   Other-than-temporary impairment (loss) recovery on investments 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,626 
    
   
   
 (2,590 
 )  
 
   Other income (loss) 
    
   
 5,253 
    
   
   
 (2,208 
 )  
   
   
 2,821 
    
   
   
 692 
    
   
   
 2,387 
    
 
   Loss on debt extinguishment and interest rate swaps, net 
    
   
 (108,501 
 )  
   
   
 (5,204 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (10,187 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
    
   
 112,279 
    
   
   
 188,622 
    
   
   
 129,720 
    
   
   
 40,924 
    
   
   
 103,800 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 (16,156 
 )  
   
   
 (58,564 
 )  
   
   
 (37,347 
 )  
   
   
 (10,813 
 )  
   
   
 (38,135 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from continuing operations 
    
   
 96,123 
    
   
   
 130,058 
    
   
   
 92,373 
    
   
   
 30,111 
    
   
   
 65,665 
    
 
   Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 13,086 
    
   
   
 1,009 
    
   
   
 668 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 96,123 
    
   
   
 143,144 
    
   
   
 93,382 
    
   
   
 30,779 
    
   
   
 65,665 
    
 
   Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (1,438 
 )  
   
   
 (3,116 
 )  
   
   
 1,394 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Equinix 
    
 $ 
 94,685 
    
   
 $ 
 140,028 
    
   
 $ 
 94,776 
    
   
 $ 
 30,779 
    
   
 $ 
 65,665 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share (“EPS”) attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic EPS from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 1.92 
    
   
 $ 
 2.65 
    
   
 $ 
 1.75 
    
   
 $ 
 0.69 
    
   
 $ 
 1.71 
    
 
   Basic EPS from discontinued operations 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 0.27 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
   
   
 0.01 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Basic EPS 
    
 $ 
 1.92 
    
   
 $ 
 2.92 
    
   
 $ 
 1.77 
    
   
 $ 
 0.70 
    
   
 $ 
 1.71 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares—basic 
    
   
 49,438 
    
   
   
 48,004 
    
   
   
 46,956 
    
   
   
 43,742 
    
   
   
 38,488 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted EPS from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 1.89 
    
   
 $ 
 2.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.72 
    
   
 $ 
 0.67 
    
   
 $ 
 1.66 
    
 
   Diluted EPS from discontinued operations 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 0.25 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
 $ 
 1.89 
    
   
 $ 
 2.83 
    
   
 $ 
 1.74 
    
   
 $ 
 0.69 
    
   
 $ 
 1.66 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares—diluted 
    
   
 50,116 
    
   
   
 51,816 
    
   
   
 47,898 
    
   
   
 44,810 
    
   
   
 39,676 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 (as revised) 
   
   
 2011 (as revised) 
   
   
 2010 (as revised) 
   
   
 2009 (as revised) 
   
 
   
    
 (dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Other Financial Data (1): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 604,608 
    
   
 $ 
 632,026 
    
   
 $ 
 587,320 
    
   
 $ 
 392,583 
    
   
 $ 
 355,492 
    
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (1,169,313 
 )  
   
   
 (442,873 
 )  
   
   
 (1,499,155 
 )  
   
   
 (600,680 
 )  
   
   
 (558,178 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
    
   
 574,907 
    
   
   
 (222,721 
 )  
   
   
 748,728 
    
   
   
 309,686 
    
   
   
 323,598 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 For a discussion of our primary non-GAAP financial metric, adjusted EBITDA, see our non-GAAP financial measures discussion in “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 (as revised) 
   
    
 2011 (as revised) 
   
    
 2010 (as revised) 
   
    
 2009 (as revised) 
   
 
   
    
 (dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments 
    
 $ 
 1,030,092 
    
    
 $ 
 546,524 
    
    
 $ 
 1,076,345 
    
    
 $ 
 592,839 
    
    
 $ 
 604,367 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 184,840 
    
    
   
 163,840 
    
    
   
 139,057 
    
    
   
 116,358 
    
    
   
 64,767 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 4,591,650 
    
    
   
 3,915,738 
    
    
   
 3,223,841 
    
    
   
 2,649,171 
    
    
   
 1,806,622 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 7,492,359 
    
    
   
 6,135,797 
    
    
   
 5,787,284 
    
    
   
 4,449,030 
    
    
   
 3,038,499 
    
 
   Capital lease and other financing obligations, excluding current portion 
    
   
 914,032 
    
    
   
 545,853 
    
    
   
 390,269 
    
    
   
 253,945 
    
    
   
 154,577 
    
 
   Mortgage and loans payable, excluding current portion 
    
   
 199,700 
    
    
   
 188,802 
    
    
   
 168,795 
    
    
   
 100,337 
    
    
   
 371,322 
    
 
   Senior notes 
    
   
 2,250,000 
    
    
   
 1,500,000 
    
    
   
 1,500,000 
    
    
   
 750,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Convertible debt, excluding current portion 
    
   
 724,202 
    
    
   
 708,726 
    
    
   
 694,769 
    
    
   
 916,337 
    
    
   
 893,706 
    
 
   Redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 123,902 
    
    
   
 84,178 
    
    
   
 67,601 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 2,459,064 
    
    
   
 2,313,441 
    
    
   
 1,936,151 
    
    
   
 1,863,682 
    
    
   
 1,171,752 
    
 
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The following commentary should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Such statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. For example, the words
“believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results and the timing of certain events may differ
significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those discussed in “Liquidity and Capital Resources” and “Risk Factors”
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements in this document are based on information available to us as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.  
 Our management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to assist readers in
understanding our financial information from our management’s perspective and is presented as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Overview      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Results of Operations      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Non-GAAP Financial Measures      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements    In December 2013, as more fully described in Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we announced a share repurchase program to repurchase
up to $500.0 million of our common stock in open market transactions through December 31, 2014, which is referred to as the share repurchase program.    In October 2013, as more fully described in Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we acquired a property located in Frankfurt, Germany for
cash consideration of approximately $50.1 million, which is referred to as the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition. A portion of the building was leased to us and was being used by us as our Frankfurt 5 IBX data center. The
remainder of the building was leased by other parties, who became our tenants upon closing. The Frankfurt Kleyer 90 carrier hotel constitutes a business under the accounting standard for business combinations and as a result, the Frankfurt Kleyer 90
carrier hotel acquisition was accounted for as a business acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting.    In July
2013, as more fully described in Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed the purchase of a property located in the New York metro area for a net cash consideration of $73.4
million, which is referred to as the New York 2 IBX data center purchase. A majority of the building was leased to us and was being used by us as our New York 2 IBX data center. The remainder of the building was leased by another party, who became
our tenant upon closing. The New York 2 IBX data center did not constitute a business under the accounting standard for business combinations and as a result, the New York 2 IBX data center purchase was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the
purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired based on their relative fair values.    In April 2013, as more fully
described in Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we redeemed all of our $750.0 million 8.125% senior notes, plus accrued interest, with $836.5 million in cash, which includes the
applicable premium paid of $80.9 million. During the three months ended June 30, 2013, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $93.6 million, which included the applicable premium paid, the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs of
$8.9 million and $3.8 million of other transaction-related fees related to the redemption of the 8.125% senior notes.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In March 2013, as more fully described in Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which is referred to as the senior notes offering, consisting of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875%
senior notes due April 1, 2020, which are referred to as the 4.875% senior notes, and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due April 1, 2023, which are referred to as the 5.375% senior notes. We used a portion of
the net proceeds from the senior notes offering for the redemption of our 8.125% senior notes and intend to use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including the funding of our expansion activities and distributions to our
stockholders in connection with our proposed conversion to a real estate investment trust, which is referred to as a REIT.    Overview
   Equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world’s most valued information assets.
Global enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network service providers rely upon Equinix’s leading insight and data centers in 32 markets around the world for the safehousing of their critical IT equipment and the ability
to directly connect to the networks that enable today’s information-driven economy. Equinix offers the following solutions: (i) premium data center colocation, (ii) interconnection and (iii) exchange and outsourced IT
infrastructure services. As of December 31 2013, we operated or had partner IBX data centers in the Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Rio De Janeiro, Sao Paulo, Seattle, Silicon Valley,
Toronto and Washington, D.C. metro areas in the Americas region; France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom in the EMEA region; and Australia, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan and
Singapore in the Asia-Pacific region.    We leverage our global data centers in 32 markets around the world as a global platform
which allows our customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. Based on our global platform and the quality of our IBX data centers, we believe we have established a critical mass of
customers. As more customers locate in our IBX data centers, it benefits their suppliers and business partners to colocate as well in order to gain the full economic and performance benefits of our offerings. These partners, in turn, pull in their
business partners, creating a “marketplace” for their services. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective colocation, interconnection and traffic exchange thus lowering overall cost and increasing flexibility. Our
focused business model is based on our critical mass of customers and the resulting “marketplace” effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, continues to drive new customer growth and bookings as we drive
scale into our global business.    Historically, our market has been served by large telecommunications carriers who have
bundled their telecommunications products and services with their colocation offerings. The data center market landscape has evolved to include cloud computing/utility providers, application hosting providers and systems integrators, managed
infrastructure hosting providers and colocation providers with over 350 companies providing data center solutions in the U.S. alone. Each of these data center solutions providers can bundle various colocation, interconnection and network offerings,
and outsourced IT infrastructure services. We are able to offer our customers a global platform that supports global reach to 16 countries, proven operational reliability, improved application performance and network choice, and a highly scalable
set of offerings.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Excluding the impact of the acquisition of the Dubai IBX data center, our customer count
increased to approximately 5,954 as of December 31, 2013 versus approximately 5,110 as of December 31, 2012, an increase of 17%. This increase was due to organic growth in our business. Our utilization rate represents the percentage of our
cabinet space billing versus net sellable cabinet space available, taking into account power limitations. Our utilization rate was approximately 76% as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012; however, excluding the impact of our IBX
data center expansion projects that have opened during the last 12 months, our utilization rate would have increased to approximately 82% as of December 31, 2013. Our utilization rate varies from market to market among our IBX data centers
across the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market it may limit our ability for growth in that market.
We perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. In addition, power and cooling requirements for most customers are growing on a per unit basis. As a result, customers are consuming
an increasing amount of power per cabinet. Although we generally do not control the amount of power our customers draw from installed circuits, we have negotiated power consumption limitations with certain of our high power demand
customers. This increased power consumption has driven the requirement to build out our new IBX data centers to support power and cooling needs twice that of previous IBX data centers. We could face power limitations in our IBX data centers even
though we may have additional physical cabinet capacity available within a specific IBX data center. This could have a negative impact on the available utilization capacity of a given center, which could have a negative impact on our ability to
grow revenues, affecting our financial performance, operating results and cash flows.    Strategically, we will continue to
look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. As was the case with our recent expansions and acquisitions, our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors such as
demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, lead-time to
break-even on a free cash flow basis and in-place customers. Like our recent expansions and acquisitions, the right combination of these factors may be attractive to us. Depending on the circumstances, these transactions may require additional
capital expenditures funded by upfront cash payments or through long-term financing arrangements in order to bring these properties up to Equinix standards. Property expansion may be in the form of purchases of real property, long-term leasing
arrangements or acquisitions. Future purchases, construction or acquisitions may be completed by us or with partners or potential customers to minimize the outlay of cash, which can be significant.  
 Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure
offerings. We consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract, which is generally one to three years in length. Our recurring revenues have
comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. In addition, during the past three years, in any given quarter, greater than half of our monthly recurring revenue bookings came from existing customers, contributing to our
revenue growth.    Our non-recurring revenues are primarily comprised of installation services related to a customer’s
initial deployment and professional services that we perform. These services are considered to be non-recurring because they are billed typically once upon completion of the installation or professional services work performed. The majority of these
non-recurring revenues are typically billed on the first invoice distributed to the customer in connection with their initial installation. However, revenues from installation services are deferred and recognized ratably over the expected life of
the installation. Additionally, revenue from contract settlements, when a customer wishes to terminate their contract early, is recognized when no remaining performance obligations exist and collectability is reasonably assured, to the extent that
the revenue has not previously been recognized. As a percentage of total revenues, we expect non-recurring revenues to represent less than 10% of total revenues for the foreseeable future.  
 Our Americas revenues are derived primarily from colocation and related interconnection offerings, and our EMEA and Asia-Pacific revenues
are derived primarily from colocation and managed infrastructure offerings.    The largest components of our cost of revenues
are depreciation, rental payments related to our leased IBX data centers, utility costs, including electricity and bandwidth, IBX data center employees’ salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation, repairs and maintenance,
supplies and equipment and security services. A substantial majority of our cost of revenues is fixed in nature and should not vary significantly from period to period, unless we expand our existing IBX data centers or open or acquire new IBX data
centers. However, there are certain costs which are considered more variable in nature, including utilities and supplies, that are directly related to growth in our existing and new customer base. We expect the cost of our utilities, specifically
electricity, will generally increase in the future on a per-unit or fixed basis in addition to the variable increase related to the growth in consumption by our customers. In addition, the cost of electricity is generally higher in the summer months
as compared to other times of the year. To the extent we incur increased utility costs, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, to the extent we incur increased
electricity costs as a result of either climate change policies or the physical effects of climate change, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for sales
and marketing personnel, including stock-based compensation, sales commissions, marketing programs, public relations, promotional materials and travel, as well as bad debt expense and amortization of customer contract intangible assets.  
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based compensation, accounting,
legal and other professional service fees, and other general corporate expenses such as our corporate regional headquarters office leases and some depreciation expense.    Due to our recurring revenue model, and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature and generally does not grow in proportion to revenue growth, we expect our cost of revenues, sales
and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses to decline as a percentage of revenues over time, although we expect each of them to grow in absolute dollars in connection with our growth. This is evident in the trends noted below in
our discussion about our results of operations. However, for cost of revenues, this trend may periodically be impacted when a large expansion project opens or is acquired and before it starts generating any meaningful revenue. Furthermore, in
relation to cost of revenues, we note that the Americas region has a lower cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue than either EMEA or Asia-Pacific. This is due to both the increased scale and maturity of the Americas region compared to either
the EMEA or Asia-Pacific region, as well as a higher cost structure outside of the Americas, particularly in EMEA. While we expect all three regions to continue to see lower cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in future periods, we expect
the trend of the Americas having the lowest cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to continue. As a result, to the extent that revenue growth outside the Americas grows in greater proportion than revenue growth in the Americas, our overall
cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues may increase in future periods. Sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses may also periodically increase as a percentage of revenues as we continue to scale our operations to
support our growth.    Potential REIT Conversion    In September 2012, we announced that our board of directors approved a plan for Equinix to pursue conversion to a REIT. We have begun implementation of the REIT conversion, and we plan to make a tax
election for REIT status for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2015. Any REIT election made by us must be effective as of the beginning of a taxable year; therefore, as a calendar year taxpayer, if we are unable to convert to a REIT by
January 1, 2015, the next possible conversion date would be January 1, 2016.    If we are able to convert to and
qualify as a REIT, we will generally be permitted to deduct from federal income taxes the dividends we pay to our stockholders. The income represented by such dividends would not be subject to federal taxation at the entity level but would be taxed,
if at all, at the stockholder level. Nevertheless, the income of our domestic taxable REIT subsidiaries, or TRS, which will hold our U.S. operations that may not be REIT-compliant, will be subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate
income tax. Likewise, our foreign subsidiaries will continue to be subject to foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which they hold assets or conduct operations, regardless of whether held or conducted through TRS or through qualified REIT
subsidiaries, or QRS. We will also be subject to a separate corporate income tax on any gains recognized during a specified period (generally 10 years) following the REIT conversion that are attributable to “built-in” gains with respect to
the assets that we own on the date we convert to a REIT. Our ability to qualify as a REIT will depend upon our continuing compliance following our REIT conversion with various requirements, including requirements related to the nature of our assets,
the sources of our income and the distributions to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to some federal,
state, local and foreign taxes on our income and property in addition to taxes owed with respect to our TRS operations. In particular, while state income tax regimes often parallel the federal income tax regime for REITs described above, many states
do not completely follow federal rules and some may not follow them at all.  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The REIT conversion implementation currently includes seeking a private letter ruling, or
PLR, from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or IRS. Our PLR request has multiple components, and our timely conversion to a REIT will require favorable rulings from the IRS on certain technical tax issues. We submitted the PLR request to the IRS in
the fourth quarter of 2012. In June 2013, we disclosed that we had been informed that the IRS had convened an internal working group to study what constitutes “real estate” for purposes of the REIT provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and that, pending the completion of the study, the IRS was unlikely to respond definitively to our pending PLR request. In November 2013, the IRS informed us that it was actively resuming work on our
PLR request and would respond in due course. We do not expect that this delay will affect the timing of our plan to elect REIT status for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2015. The Company currently expects to receive a favorable PLR from
the IRS during 2014 and combined with Board approval and completion of other necessary conversion actions, we would commit to a final REIT conversion plan sometime during 2014. Once the Company reaches this commitment, the financial statements for
2014 will reflect the necessary accounting adjustments including an adjustment to eliminate the U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities balances discussed below and any tax consequences for the shareholder distributions also discussed below.
   We currently estimate that we will incur approximately $75.0 to $85.0 million in costs to support the REIT conversion, in
addition to related tax liabilities associated with a change in our methods of depreciating and amortizing various data center assets for tax purposes from our prior methods to current methods that are more consistent with the characterization of
such assets as real property for REIT purposes. The total recapture of depreciation and amortization expenses across all relevant assets is expected to result in federal and state tax liability of approximately $360.0 to $380.0 million, which amount
became and is generally payable over a four-year period starting in 2012 even if we abandon the REIT conversion for any reason, including failure to obtain a favorable PLR response. Prior to the decision to convert to a REIT, our balance sheet
reflected our income tax liability as a non-current deferred tax liability. As a result of the decision to convert to a REIT, our non-current tax liability has been and will continue to be gradually and proportionally reclassified from non-current
to current over the four-year period, which started in the third quarter of 2012. The current liability reflects the tax liability that relates to additional taxable income expected to be recognized within the twelve-month period from the date of
the balance sheet. If the REIT conversion is successful, we also expect to incur an additional $5.0 to $10.0 million in annual compliance costs in future years. We expect to pay between $145.0 to $200.0 million in cash taxes during 2014
which includes taxes on our operations and any tax impacts required by our plan to convert to a REIT.    In accordance with tax
rules applicable to REIT conversions, we expect to issue special distributions to our stockholders of undistributed accumulated earnings and profits of approximately $700.0 million to $1.1 billion (the “E&P distribution”), which we
expect to pay out in a combination of up to 20% in cash and at least 80% in the form of our common stock. The estimated E&P distribution may change due to potential changes in certain factors impacting the calculations, such as finalization of
the 2013 E&P amounts and the actual financial year 2014 performance of the entities to be included in the REIT structure. We expect to make the E&P distribution only after receiving a favorable PLR from the IRS, obtaining Board approval and
completion of other necessary REIT conversion actions. The Company anticipates making an E&P distribution before 2015 with the balance distributed in 2015. In addition, following the completion of the REIT conversion, we intend to declare
regular distributions to our stockholders.    In connection with our contemplated REIT conversion, we expect to reassess the
deferred tax assets and liabilities of our U.S. operations to be included in the REIT structure during 2014 at the point in time when it is determined that all significant actions to effect the REIT conversion have occurred and we are committed
to that course of action. The reevaluation will result in de-recognizing the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our REIT’s U.S. operations excluding the deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture.
The depreciation and amortization recapture is necessary as part of our REIT conversion efforts. The de-recognition of the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our REIT’s U.S. operations will occur because the expected recovery or settlement
of the related assets and liabilities will not result in deductible or taxable amounts in any post-REIT conversion periods. As a result of the de-recognition of the aforementioned deferred tax assets and liabilities of our REIT’s U.S.
operations and the continuing recognition of deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture to be taxed in 2014 and 2015, we expect to record a significant tax provision expense in 2014. As of December 31,
2013, we had a net deferred tax asset of approximately $147.1 million for our U.S. operations, which includes approximately $176.0 million of deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Results of Operations    Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 include the operations of the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition from October 1, 2013. Our results of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2012 include the operations of the Dubai IBX data center acquisition from November 9, 2012, Asia Tone from July 4, 2012 and ancotel from July 3, 2012. Our results of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2011 include the operations of ALOG from April 25, 2011.    Revision of Previously-Issued Financial Statements
   During the three months ended June 30, 2013, we reassessed the estimated period over which revenue related to
non-recurring installation fees is recognized as a result of observed trends in customer contract lives. Non-recurring installation fees, although generally paid in a lump sum upon installation, are deferred and recognized ratably over the expected
life of the installation. We undertook this review due to our determination that our customers were generally benefitting from their installations longer than originally anticipated and, therefore, the estimated period that revenue related to
non-recurring installation fees is recognized was extended. This change was originally incorrectly accounted for as a change in accounting estimate on a prospective basis effective April 1, 2013. During the three months ended September 30,
2013, we determined that these longer lives should have been identified and utilized for revenue recognition purposes beginning in 2006. As a result, our installation revenues, and therefore adjusted EBITDA, were overstated by $6.2 million and $3.5
million for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. This error did not impact our reported total cash flows from operating activities.    We assessed the effect of the above errors, as well as that of the previously-identified immaterial errors described below, individually and in the aggregate on prior periods’ financial statements in
accordance with the SEC’s Staff Accounting Bulletins No. 99 and 108 and, based on an analysis of quantitative and qualitative factors, determined that the errors were not material to any of our prior interim and annual financial statements
and, therefore, the previously-issued financial statements could continue to be relied upon and that the amendment of previously filed reports with the SEC was not required. We also determined that correction of the cumulative effect of errors of
$27.2 million as of December 31, 2012 would be material to the projected 2013 consolidated financial statements and as such we revised our previously-issued consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details.    We have completed the revision with this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. As part of the revision we also corrected certain previously-identified immaterial errors that were either uncorrected or corrected in a period subsequent to the period in which the error originated including
(i) certain recoverable taxes in Brazil that were incorrectly recorded in our statements of operations, which had the effect of overstating both revenues and cost of revenues; (ii) errors related to certain foreign currency embedded
derivatives in Asia-Pacific, which have an effect on revenue; (iii) an error in our statement of cash flows related to the acquisition of Asia Tone that affects both cash flows from operating and investing activities; and (iv) errors in
depreciation, stock-based compensation and property tax accruals in the U.S.    Discontinued Operations  
 We present the results of operations associated with 16 of our IBX centers that we sold in November 2012 as net income from discontinued
operations in our consolidated statements of operations. Our results of operations have been reclassified to reflect our discontinued operations for all applicable periods presented. Unless otherwise stated, the results of operations discussed
herein refer to our continuing operations.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Constant Currency Presentation  
 Our revenues and certain operating expenses (cost of revenues, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses) from our
international operations have represented and will continue to represent a significant portion of our total revenues and certain operating expenses. As a result, our revenues and certain operating expenses have been and will continue to be affected
by changes in the U.S. dollar against major international currencies such as the Brazilian reais, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro, Swiss franc, Australian dollar, Chinese Yuan, Hong Kong dollar, Japanese yen and Singapore dollar. In order to
provide a framework for assessing how each of our business segments performed excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we present period-over-period percentage changes in our revenues and certain operating expenses on a constant
currency basis in addition to the historical amounts as reported. Presenting constant currency results of operations is a non-GAAP financial measure and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to GAAP results of operations.
However, we have presented this non-GAAP financial measure to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate our operating results. To present this information, our current and comparative prior period revenues and certain operating expenses
from entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are converted into U.S. dollars at constant exchange rates rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods (i.e. average rates in effect for the year
ended December 31, 2012 are used as exchange rates for the year ended December 31, 2013 when comparing the year ended December 31, 2013 with the year ended December 31, 2012, and average rates in effect for the year ended
December 31, 2011 are used as exchange rates for the year ended December 31, 2012 when comparing the year ended December 31, 2012 with the year ended December 31, 2011).    Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012  
 Revenues.  Our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were generated from the following revenue
classifications and geographic regions (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,214,301 
    
    
   
 56 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,111,755 
    
    
   
 59 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 50,473 
    
    
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 40,162 
    
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 1,264,774 
    
    
   
 59 
 %  
   
   
 1,151,917 
    
    
   
 61 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   EMEA: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
   
 492,361 
    
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 400,002 
    
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 32,657 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 32,918 
    
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 (1 
 %)  
   
   
 (11 
 %)  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 525,018 
    
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 432,920 
    
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Asia-Pacific: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
   
 343,300 
    
    
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 285,311 
    
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 19,674 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 17,228 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 362,974 
    
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 302,539 
    
    
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
   
 2,049,962 
    
    
   
 95 
 %  
   
   
 1,797,068 
    
    
   
 95 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 102,804 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 90,308 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,152,766 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,887,376 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Americas Revenues.  Growth in Americas revenues was primarily due to (i) $58.6 million of
revenue generated from our recently-opened IBX data centers and IBX data center expansions in the Chicago, Rio de Janeiro, Seattle, Silicon Valley and Washington, D.C. metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers
and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer count and utilization rate, as discussed above. During the year ended December 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $9.7 million of unfavorable
foreign currency impact on our Americas revenues primarily due to the generally stronger U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian reais and Canadian dollar during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012.
We expect that our Americas revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in the recently-opened IBX data centers and additional IBX data center expansions currently taking place in the Dallas, Philadelphia, New
York, Toronto and Sao Paolo metro areas, which are expected to open during 2014 and first half of 2015. Our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer
churn or changes or amendments to customers’ contracts.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EMEA Revenues.  During the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, our
revenues from the United Kingdom, the largest revenue contributor in the EMEA region for the period, represented approximately 36% and 38%, respectively, of the regional revenues. Our EMEA revenue growth was due to (i) $18.5 million of
incremental revenue resulting from acquisitions, (ii) $52.3 million of revenue from our recently-opened IBX data center expansions in the Frankfurt, London and Zurich metro areas and (iii) an increase in orders from both our existing
customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer count and utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing IBX data centers. During the year ended December 31, 2013, currency
fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.5 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our EMEA revenues primarily due to the generally weaker U.S. dollar relative to the Euro and Swiss franc during the year ended December 31, 2013
compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. We expect that our EMEA revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition and continued growth in recently-opened IBX data centers and
an additional IBX data center expansion currently taking place in the London metro area, which is expected to open during 2015. Our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to
customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers’ contracts. In addition, we anticipate that a cash flow hedging program we commenced in October 2013 for our EMEA region should reduce some of our foreign currency
volatility prospectively.    Asia-Pacific Revenues.  Our revenues from Singapore, the largest revenue contributor in
the Asia-Pacific region, represented approximately 36% and 37%, respectively, of the regional revenues for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. Our Asia-Pacific revenue growth was due to $30.0 million of incremental revenue resulting
from the Asia Tone acquisition and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer count and utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and
existing IBX data centers. During the year ended December 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $17.6 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our Asia-Pacific revenues primarily due to the generally stronger
U.S. dollar relative to the Australian dollar, Japanese yen and Singapore dollar during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. We expect that our Asia-Pacific revenues will continue to grow in future
periods as a result of continued growth in these recently-opened IBX data center expansions and additional expansions currently taking place in the Hong Kong, Melbourne, Shanghai, Singapore and Sydney metro areas, which are expected to open during
2014 and 2015. Our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers’ contracts.  
 Cost of Revenues.  Our cost of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were split among the following
geographic regions (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 576,869 
    
    
   
 54 
 %  
   
 $ 
 533,313 
    
    
   
 57 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 271,965 
    
    
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 230,239 
    
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 215,569 
    
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 181,065 
    
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,064,403 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 944,617 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years
ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 46 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 52 
 %  
   
   
 53 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 59 
 %  
   
   
 60 
 %  
 
   Total 
    
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 50 
 %  
   Americas Cost of Revenues.  Our Americas cost of revenues for the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012 included $216.6 million and $197.3 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. Growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our organic IBX data center expansion activity. Excluding depreciation expense,
the increase in our Americas cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $9.1 million of higher utilities and repair and maintenance expense, (ii) $7.3 million of higher costs associated with certain custom services provided to our
customers, (iii) $6.7 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (894 Americas cost of revenues employees as of December 31, 2013 versus 828 as of
December 31, 2012), (iv) $4.7 million of higher taxes, including property taxes, and (v) $2.6 million of higher costs related to office expansion, partially offset by $9.2 million of lower rent and facility costs and a $4.8 million
reversal of asset retirement obligations associated with certain leases that were amended during the year ended December 31, 2013. During the year ended December 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $6.4 million of
favorable foreign currency impact on our Americas cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian reais and Canadian dollar during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2012. We expect Americas cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business.    EMEA Cost of
Revenues.  EMEA cost of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 included $77.9 million and $69.4 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. Growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our IBX data center
expansion activity and acquisitions. Excluding depreciation expense, the increase in our EMEA cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) the impact of acquisitions, which resulted in $6.6 million of incremental cost of revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2013, (ii) $10.3 million of higher utility costs, (iii) $5.8 million of costs associated with certain custom services provided to our customers, (iv) $5.3 million of higher compensation expense and
(v) $2.2 million of higher professional fees to support our growth. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our EMEA cost of revenues was not significant when compared to average exchange
rates of the year ended December 31, 2012. We expect that our EMEA cost of revenues will increase as a result of the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition. Overall, we expect EMEA cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our
business.    Asia-Pacific Cost of Revenues.  Asia-Pacific cost of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2013
and 2012 included $82.6 million and $71.8 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. Growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to both our organic IBX data center expansion activity and the Asia Tone acquisition. Excluding depreciation
expense, the increase in Asia-Pacific cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $13.9 million of incremental cost of revenues resulting from the Asia Tone acquisition, (ii) $4.3 million in higher utility costs and (iii) $2.3 million
of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (excluding the impact of the Asia Tone acquisition, 240 Asia-Pacific cost of revenues employees as of December 31, 2013 versus 192
as of December 31, 2012). During the year ended December 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $11.9 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our Asia-Pacific cost of revenues primarily due to the generally
stronger U.S. dollar relative to the Australian dollar, Japanese yen and Singapore dollar during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. We expect Asia-Pacific cost of revenues to increase as we
continue to grow our business.  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sales and Marketing Expenses . Our sales and marketing expenses for the years
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 144,178 
    
    
   
 58 
 %  
   
 $ 
 122,970 
    
    
   
 61 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 68,925 
    
    
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 52,595 
    
    
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 33,520 
    
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 27,349 
    
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 246,623 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 202,914 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years
ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
   Total 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   Americas Sales and Marketing Expenses.  The increase in our Americas sales and marketing
expenses was primarily due to (i) $17.6 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (395 Americas sales and marketing employees as of
December 31, 2013 versus 256 as of December 31, 2012) and (ii) $3.0 million of higher advertising and promotion costs. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Americas sales and
marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2012. Over the past several years, we have been investing in our Americas sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our
revenue. These investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts. Although we anticipate that we will continue to invest in Americas sales and marketing initiatives, we believe our Americas sales and
marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will remain at approximately current levels over the next year or two but should ultimately decrease as we continue to grow our business.  
 EMEA Sales and Marketing Expenses.  The increase in our EMEA sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to (i) $5.7
million of additional sales and marketing expenses resulting from acquisitions and (ii) $8.8 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense and headcount growth
(excluding the impact of acquisitions, 179 EMEA sales and marketing employees as of December 31, 2013 versus 148 as of December 31, 2012). For the year ended December 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our EMEA
sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2012. Over the past several years, we have been investing in our EMEA sales and marketing initiatives to further increase
our revenue. These investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts and, as a result, our EMEA sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues have increased. Although we anticipate that we
will continue to invest in EMEA sales and marketing initiatives, we believe our EMEA sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will remain at approximately current levels over the next year or two but should ultimately decrease as we
continue to grow our business.    Asia-Pacific Sales and Marketing Expenses.  The increase in our Asia-Pacific sales
and marketing expenses was primarily due to $2.8 million of incremental sales and marketing expenses from the impact of the Asia Tone acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations to our
Asia-Pacific sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2012. Over the past several years, we have been investing in our Asia-Pacific sales and marketing initiatives
to further increase our revenue. These investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts and, as a result, our Asia-Pacific sales and marketing expenses have increased. Although we anticipate that we
will continue to invest in Asia-Pacific sales and marketing initiatives, we believe our Asia-Pacific sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will remain at approximately current levels over the next year or two but should ultimately
decrease as we continue to grow our business.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  General and Administrative Expenses.  Our general and administrative expenses
for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 263,145 
    
    
   
 70 
 %  
   
 $ 
 238,178 
    
    
   
 73 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 72,867 
    
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 57,093 
    
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 38,778 
    
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 32,995 
    
    
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 374,790 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 328,266 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years
ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   Total 
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   Americas General and Administrative Expenses.  The increase in our Americas general and
administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) $14.4 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (695 Americas general and administrative employees as of
December 31, 2013 versus 661 as of December 31, 2012), (ii) $4.1 million of higher office expansion and travel expenses and (iii) $4.0 million of higher professional fees to support our growth. During the year ended
December 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Americas general and administrative expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2012. Over the course of the past
year, we have been investing in our Americas general and administrative functions to scale this region effectively for growth, which has included additional investments into improving our back office systems. We expect our current efforts to improve
our back office systems will continue over the next several years. We are also incurring costs to support our REIT conversion process. Collectively, these investments in our back office systems and our REIT conversion process have resulted in
increased professional fees. Going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect Americas general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to further scale our operations to support our growth, including these
investments in our back office systems and the REIT conversion process.   EMEA General and Administrative
Expenses.  The increase in our EMEA general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) $2.0 million of incremental general and administrative expenses resulting from acquisitions, (ii) $6.4 million of higher compensation
costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (excluding the impact of acquisitions, 276 EMEA general and administrative employees as of December 31, 2013 versus 196 as of December 31, 2012) and (iii) $5.8 million of
higher professional fees to support our growth. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our EMEA general and administrative expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the
year ended December 31, 2012. Over the course of the past year, we have been investing in our EMEA general and administrative functions as a result of our ongoing efforts to scale this region effectively for growth including certain corporate
reorganization activities, which has resulted in an increased level of professional fees. Going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect our EMEA general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods as we
continue to scale our operations to support our growth; however, as a percentage of revenues, we generally expect them to decrease.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Asia-Pacific General and Administrative Expenses.  Excluding the Asia Tone
acquisition, the increase in our Asia-Pacific general and administrative expenses was primarily due to $3.5 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (208 Asia-Pacific general and administrative
employees as of December 31, 2013 versus 166 as of December 31, 2012). For the year ended December 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Asia-Pacific general and administrative expenses was not significant when
compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2012. Going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect Asia-Pacific general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to scale our
operations to support our growth; however, as a percentage of revenues, we generally expect them to decrease. 
 Restructuring Charges.  During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded a $4.8 million reversal of the
restructuring charge accrual for our excess space in the New York 2 IBX data center as a result of our decision to purchase this property and utilize the space. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we did not record any restructuring
charges. For additional information, see “Restructuring Charges” in Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 Impairment Charges . During the year ended December 31, 2013, we did not record any impairment charges. During the
year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded impairment charges totaling $9.9 million as a result of the fair values of certain long-lived assets being lower than their carrying values due to our decision to abandon two properties in the Americas
and Asia-Pacific regions. For additional information, see “Impairment of Long-Lived Assets” in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 Acquisition Costs . During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $10.9 million
primarily attributed to our Americas and EMEA regions. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $8.8 million primarily attributed to the ancotel and Asia Tone acquisitions.  
 Interest Income.  Interest income was $3.4 million and $3.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, respectively. The average yield for the year ended December 31, 2013 was 0.32% versus 0.43% for the year ended December 31, 2012. We expect our interest income to remain at these low levels for the foreseeable future due to the
impact of a continued low interest rate environment and a portfolio more weighted towards short-term securities.  
 Interest Expense.  Interest expense increased to $248.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $200.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This increase in interest expense was primarily due to the impact of our $1.5 billion senior notes offering in March 2013, $15.6 million of higher interest expense from various capital lease and
other financing obligations to support our expansion projects and less capitalized interest expense, which was partially offset by the redemption of our 8.125% senior notes in April 2013. During the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, we
capitalized $10.6 million and $30.6 million, respectively, of interest expense to construction in progress. Going forward, we expect to incur higher interest expense as we recognize the full impact of our $1.5 billion senior notes offering,
partially offset by the redemption of our 8.125% senior notes, which will contribute approximately $17.7 million in incremental interest expense annually. We may also incur additional indebtedness to support our growth, resulting in higher interest
expense.    Other Income (Expense).  For the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded $5.3 million of other
income and $2.2 million of other expense for the year ended December 31, 2012, primarily due to foreign currency exchange gains (losses) during the periods.    Loss on debt extinguishment.  During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded a $108.5 million loss on debt extinguishment, of which $93.6 million was attributable to the redemption
of our $750.0 million 8.125% senior notes, $13.2 million was attributable to the extinguishment of the financing liabilities for our London 4 and 5 IBX data centers and $1.7 million was attributable to an amendment of our New York 5 and 6 IBX lease.
During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded $5.2 million of loss on debt extinguishment due to the repayment and termination of our multi-currency credit facility in the Asia-Pacific region. For additional information, see “Loss
on Debt Extinguishment” in Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Income Taxes . During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded
$16.2 million of income tax expense. The income tax expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to our foreign operations, as we incurred losses in our domestic operations during the period as a result of
the $93.6 million of loss on debt extinguishment from the redemption of our $750.0 million 8.125% senior notes. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded $58.6 million of income tax expense. The income tax expense recorded during the
year ended December 31, 2012 was primarily a result of applying the effective statutory tax rates to our operating income adjusted for permanent tax adjustments for the period and the assessments of valuation allowances of $5.5 million against
the net deferred tax assets with certain foreign operating entities. Our effective tax rates were 14.4% and 31.0%, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. The decrease in our effective tax rate was primarily due to tax
benefits from losses incurred in our domestic operations as mentioned above and the new organizational structure in EMEA which became effective on July 1, 2013. The cash taxes for 2013 were primarily for U.S. income taxes and foreign income
taxes in certain European jurisdictions and the cash taxes for 2012 were primarily for state and foreign income taxes.    To
better align our EMEA corporate structure and intercompany relationship with the nature of our business activities and regional centralization, we commenced certain reorganization activities during the fourth quarter of 2012 in the EMEA region. The
new organizational structure centralized the majority of our EMEA business management activities in the Netherlands effective July 1, 2013. In December 2013, our Dutch subsidiaries that were created to carry-out EMEA’s centralized
management activities received favorable rulings from the Dutch Tax Authorities effective July 1, 2013. The rulings acknowledge the reorganization and agree to a lower level of earnings by our Dutch subsidiaries subject to tax in the
Netherlands. The rulings also require both the Dutch Tax Authorities and our Dutch subsidiaries to revisit and renew the agreement in five years from the effective date. As a result, we expect our overall effective tax rate will be lower in
subsequent periods as the new structure begins to take full effect. Assuming a successful conversion to a REIT, and no material changes to tax rules and regulations, we expect our effective long-term worldwide cash tax rate to ultimately decrease to
a range of 10% to 15%.    In connection with our contemplated REIT conversion, we expect to reassess the deferred tax assets and
liabilities of our U.S. operations to be included in the REIT structure during 2014 at the point in time when it is determined that all significant actions to effect the REIT conversion have occurred and we are committed to that course of
action. The reevaluation will result in de-recognizing the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our REIT’s U.S. operations excluding the deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture. The depreciation
and amortization recapture is necessary as part of our REIT conversion efforts. The de-recognition of the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our REIT’s U.S. operations will occur because the expected recovery or settlement of the related
assets and liabilities will not result in deductible or taxable amounts in any post-REIT conversion periods. As a result of the de-recognition of the aforementioned deferred tax assets and liabilities of our REIT’s U.S. operations and the
continuing recognition of deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture to be taxed in 2014 and 2015, we expect to record a significant tax provision expense in 2014. As of December 31, 2013, we had a net
deferred tax asset of approximately $147.1 million for our U.S. operations, which includes approximately $176.0 million of deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture.  
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, we utilized all of our federal net operating losses free of Section 382 limitations in the
U.S. for which a deferred tax asset had been previously recognized and all of our windfall tax losses in the U.S. for which a deferred tax asset had not been previously recognized. We recorded excess income tax benefits of $25.6 million during the
year ended December 31, 2013 in our consolidated balance sheet.    Net Income from Discontinued
Operations.  During the year ended December 31, 2013, we did not have any discontinued operations. For the year ended December 31, 2012, our net income from discontinued operations was $13.1 million, consisting of $11.9 million
from the gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of income tax, and $1.2 million of net income from discontinued operations. For additional information, see “Discontinued Operations” in Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Adjusted EBITDA . Adjusted EBITDA is a key factor in how we assess the
performance of our segments, measure the operational cash generating abilities of our segments and develop regional growth strategies such as IBX data center expansion decisions. Adjusted EBITDA is the result of our revenues less our adjusted
operating expenses. Our adjusted operating expenses exclude depreciation expense, amortization expense, accretion expense, stock-based compensation, restructuring charge, impairment charges and acquisition costs. Periodically, we enter into new
lease agreements or amend existing lease agreements. To the extent we conclude that a lease is an operating lease, the rent expense may decrease our adjusted EBITDA whereas to the extent we conclude that a lease is a capital or financing lease,
and this lease was previously reported as an operating lease, this outcome may increase our adjusted EBITDA. Our adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was split among the following geographic regions (dollars in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 608,718 
    
    
   
 61 
 %  
   
 $ 
 557,800 
    
    
   
 63 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 216,186 
    
    
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 183,612 
    
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 175,994 
    
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 146,445 
    
    
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,000,898 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 887,857 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Americas Adjusted EBITDA.  The increase in our Americas adjusted EBITDA was due to higher revenues
as result of our IBX data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above. During the year ended December 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $3.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our
Americas adjusted EBITDA primarily due to the generally stronger U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian reais and Canadian dollar during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. 
 EMEA Adjusted EBITDA.  The increase in our EMEA adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to (i) additional adjusted EBITDA from the
impact of acquisitions, which generated $15.2 million of incremental adjusted EBITDA and (ii) our IBX data center expansion activity and organic growth, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues
primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. During the year ended December 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.0 million of net favorable foreign currency
impact on our EMEA adjusted EBITDA primarily due to the generally weaker U.S. dollar relative to the Euro and Swiss franc during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012.  
 Asia-Pacific Adjusted EBITDA.  The increase in our Asia-Pacific adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to (i) additional adjusted
EBITDA from the impact of the Asia Tone acquisition, which generated $14.3 million of incremental adjusted EBITDA and (ii) higher revenues as a result of our IBX data center expansion activity and organic growth. During the year ended
December 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $7.8 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our Asia-Pacific adjusted EBITDA primarily due to the generally stronger U.S. dollar relative to the Australian
dollar, Japanese yen and Singapore dollar during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Years Ended December 31, 2012 and 2011  
 Revenues.  Our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were generated from the following revenue
classifications and geographic regions (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2011 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,111,755 
    
    
   
 59 
 %  
   
 $ 
 957,047 
    
    
   
 61 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 40,162 
    
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 32,415 
    
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 1,151,917 
    
    
   
 61 
 %  
   
   
 989,462 
    
    
   
 63 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   EMEA: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
   
 400,002 
    
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 328,355 
    
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 32,918 
    
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 29,814 
    
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 432,920 
    
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 358,169 
    
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Asia-Pacific: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
   
 285,311 
    
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 206,313 
    
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 17,228 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 11,681 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 47 
 %  
   
   
 47 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 302,539 
    
    
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 217,994 
    
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
   
 1,797,068 
    
    
   
 95 
 %  
   
   
 1,491,715 
    
    
   
 95 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 90,308 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 73,910 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,887,376 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,565,625 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Americas Revenues.  Growth in Americas revenues was primarily due to (i) $27.2 million of
incremental revenue from ALOG ($71.2 million of full-year revenue contributions from ALOG during the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to $44.0 million of partial-year revenue contributions during the year ended December 31, 2011),
(ii) $26.5 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened IBX data centers and IBX data center expansions in the Dallas, Miami, New York and Washington, D.C. metro areas and (iii) an increase in orders from both our existing
customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer count and utilization rate, as discussed above. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Americas
revenues was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.    EMEA
Revenues.  During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, our revenues from the United Kingdom, the largest revenue contributor in the EMEA region for the period, represented approximately 38% and 35%, respectively, of the regional
revenues. Our EMEA revenue growth was due to (i) $11.5 million of additional revenue resulting from the ancotel acquisition, (ii) $31.8 million of revenue from our recently-opened IBX data center expansions in the Amsterdam, Frankfurt,
London and Paris metro areas and (iii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer count and utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and
existing IBX data centers. During the year ended December 31, 2012, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $22.8 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our EMEA revenues primarily due to the generally stronger U.S.
dollar relative to the British pound, Euro and Swiss Franc during the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended December 31, 2011.    Asia-Pacific Revenues.  Our revenues from Singapore, the largest revenue contributor in the Asia-Pacific region, represented approximately 37% and 40%, respectively, of the regional revenues
for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. Our Asia-Pacific revenue growth was due to (i) $23.1 million of additional revenue resulting from the Asia Tone acquisition, (ii) $9.5 million of revenue generated from our
recently-opened IBX center expansions in the Hong Kong, Shanghai, Singapore and Sydney metro areas and (iii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer
count and utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing IBX data centers. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Asia-Pacific revenues was not significant when compared to
average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cost of Revenues.  Our cost of revenues for the years ended December 31,
2012 and 2011 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2011 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 533,313 
    
    
   
 57 
 %  
   
 $ 
 486,633 
    
    
   
 59 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 230,239 
    
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 212,967 
    
    
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 181,065 
    
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 129,424 
    
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 944,617 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 829,024 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years
ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 53 
 %  
   
   
 59 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 60 
 %  
   
   
 59 
 %  
 
   Total 
    
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 53 
 %  
   Americas Cost of Revenues.  Our Americas cost of revenues for the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011 included $197.3 million and $178.9 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. Growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to both our organic IBX data center expansion activity and acquisitions. Excluding
depreciation expense, the increase in our Americas cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $9.4 million of incremental Americas cost of revenues resulting from the ALOG acquisition, (ii) $7.0 million of higher compensation costs,
including general salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation cost, (iii) $5.9 million of higher costs associated with certain revenues from offerings provided to customers and (iv) $4.6 million of higher property taxes. During the year
ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Americas cost of revenues was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.  
 EMEA Cost of Revenues.  EMEA cost of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 included $69.4 million and
$67.0 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. Growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to both our organic IBX data center expansion activity and acquisitions. Excluding depreciation expense, the increase in EMEA cost of revenues was
primarily due to (i) $4.4 million of additional cost of revenues resulting from the ancotel acquisition, (ii) an increase of $6.5 million in utility costs arising from increased customer installations and revenues attributed to customer
growth and (iii) $3.2 million of higher costs associated with costs of equipment sales. During the year ended December 31, 2012, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $13.7 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our
EMEA cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger U.S. dollar relative to the British pound, Euro and Swiss franc during the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended December 31, 2011.  
 Asia-Pacific Cost of Revenues.  Asia-Pacific cost of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 included
$71.8 million and $46.7 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. Growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to both our organic IBX data center expansion activity and the Asia Tone acquisition. Excluding depreciation expense, the
increase in Asia-Pacific cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $10.1 million of additional cost of revenues resulting from the Asia Tone acquisition, (ii) $10.7 million in higher utility costs and (iii) $2.9 million of higher
compensation expense, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (excluding the impact of the Asia Tone acquisition, 192 Asia-Pacific employees as of December 31, 2012 versus 153 as of December 31, 2011). For the year ended
December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Asia-Pacific cost of revenues was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sales and Marketing Expenses . Our sales and marketing expenses for the years
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2011 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 122,970 
    
    
   
 61 
 %  
   
 $ 
 103,435 
    
    
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 52,595 
    
    
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 36,528 
    
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 44 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 27,349 
    
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 18,384 
    
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 48 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 202,914 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 158,347 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years
ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Total 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   Americas Sales and Marketing Expenses.  The increase in our Americas sales and marketing
expenses was due to (i) $3.8 million of incremental sales and marketing expenses resulting from the ALOG acquisition, (ii) $11.4 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, stock-based
compensation and headcount growth (excluding the impact of the ALOG acquisition, 256 Americas sales and marketing employees as of December 31, 2012 versus 241 as of December 31, 2011) and (iii) $3.4 million of professional fees to
support our growth. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Americas sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended
December 31, 2011.    EMEA Sales and Marketing Expenses.  The increase in our EMEA sales and marketing expenses
was primarily due to (i) $4.6 million of additional sales and marketing expenses resulting from the ancotel acquisition and (ii) $7.7 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses and
stock-based compensation expense and headcount growth (excluding the impact of the ancotel acquisition, 148 EMEA sales and marketing employees as of December 31, 2012 versus 117 as of December 31, 2011). For the year ended
December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our EMEA sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.  
 Asia-Pacific Sales and Marketing Expenses.  The increase in our Asia-Pacific sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to
(i) $1.9 million of additional sales and marketing expenses resulting from the Asia Tone acquisition and (ii) $6.3 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth
(excluding the impact of the Asia Tone acquisition, 95 Asia-Pacific sales and marketing employees as of December 31, 2012 versus 70 as of December 31, 2011). For the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency
fluctuations on our Asia-Pacific sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  General and Administrative Expenses.  Our general and administrative expenses
for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2011 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 238,178 
    
    
   
 73 
 %  
   
 $ 
 191,439 
    
    
   
 72 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 57,093 
    
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 48,936 
    
    
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 32,995 
    
    
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 25,179 
    
    
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 328,266 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 265,554 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years
ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Total 
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   Americas General and Administrative Expenses.  Our Americas general and administrative
expenses, which include general corporate expenses, included $1.6 million of additional general and administrative expenses resulting from the ALOG acquisition. Excluding the ALOG acquisition, the increase in our Americas general and administrative
expenses was primarily due to (i) $21.2 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (excluding the impact of the ALOG acquisition, 605 Americas general and
administrative employees as of December 31, 2012 versus 577 as of December 31, 2011), (ii) $15.4 million of higher professional fees to support our growth and our REIT conversion process and (iii) $4.8 million of higher
depreciation expense as a result of our ongoing efforts to support our growth, such as investments in systems. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Americas general and administrative
expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.    EMEA
General and Administrative Expenses.  The increase in our EMEA general and administrative expenses was primarily due to $3.2 million of additional general and administrative expenses resulting from the ancotel acquisition and (ii) $5.9
million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (excluding the impact of the ancotel acquisition, 196 EMEA general and administrative employees as of December 31, 2012 versus 180 as of
December 31, 2011), partially offset by $3.7 million of lower professional fees. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our EMEA general and administrative expenses was not significant when
compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.   Asia-Pacific General and Administrative
Expenses.  The increase in our Asia-Pacific general and administrative expenses was primarily due to $5.4 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (excluding the impact of the Asia Tone
acquisition, 166 Asia-Pacific general and administrative employees as of December 31, 2012 versus 153 as of December 31, 2011). For the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our Asia-Pacific
general and administrative expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.    Restructuring Charges.  During the year ended December 31, 2012, we did not record any restructuring charges. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded restructuring
charges totaling $3.5 million primarily related to revised sublease assumptions on our excess leased space in the New York metro area. For additional information, see “Restructuring Charges” in Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Impairment Charges . During the year ended December 31, 2012, we
recorded impairment charges totaling $9.9 million as a result of the fair values of certain long-lived assets being lower than their carrying values due to our decision to abandon two properties in the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions. For
additional information, see “Impairment of Long-Lived Assets” in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. During the year ended December 31, 2011, no impairment charges
were recorded.    Acquisition Costs . During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded acquisition
costs totaling $8.8 million primarily attributed to the ancotel and Asia Tone acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $3.3 million primarily related to the ALOG acquisition.  
 Interest Income.  Interest income increased to $3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 from $2.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2011. Interest income increased primarily due to higher yields on invested balances. The average yield for the year ended December 31, 2012 was 0.43% versus 0.33% for the year ended December 31, 2011.
We expect our interest income to remain at these low levels for the foreseeable future due to the impact of a continued low interest rate environment and a portfolio more weighted towards short-term securities.  
 Interest Expense.  During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, we recorded interest expense of $200.3
million and $181.3 million, respectively. This increase was primarily due to the impact of our $750.0 million 7.00% senior notes offering in July 2011, which resulted in an approximately $28.6 million increase in interest expense, and additional
financings such as various capital lease and other financing obligations to support our expansion projects. This increase was partially offset by our settlement of the $250.0 million 2.50% convertible subordinated notes in April 2012, which resulted
in an approximately $13.7 million decrease in interest expense. During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, we capitalized $30.6 million and $13.6 million, respectively, of interest expense to construction in progress.  
 Other Income (Expense).  For the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded $2.2 million of other expense compared to
$2.8 million of other income for the year ended December 31, 2011, primarily due to foreign currency exchange gains (losses) during the periods.    Loss on debt extinguishment.  During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded $5.2 million of loss on debt extinguishment due to the repayment and termination of our multi-currency
credit facility in the Asia-Pacific region. During the year ended December 31, 2011, no loss on debt extinguishment was recorded.    Income Taxes . During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded $58.6 million of income tax expense. The income tax expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2012
was primarily a result of applying the effective statutory tax rates to our operating income adjusted for permanent tax adjustments for the period and the assessments of valuation allowances of $5.5 million against the net deferred tax assets with
certain foreign operating entities. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded $37.3 million of income tax expense. The income tax expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011 was primarily a result of applying the
effective statutory tax rates to our operating income adjusted for permanent tax adjustments for the period, partially offset by an income tax benefit due to the release of a valuation allowance of $2.5 million associated with certain foreign
operating entities. Our effective tax rates were 31.0% and 28.8%, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. The cash taxes for 2012 and 2011 were primarily for state and foreign income taxes.  
 In connection with the planned REIT Conversion, we changed our methods of depreciating and amortizing various data center assets for tax
purposes to methods more consistent with the characterization of such assets as real property for REIT purposes. As a result of this decision, we reclassified $89.2 million of non-current deferred tax liabilities to current deferred tax
liabilities as of December 31, 2012 associated with taxes that were expected to be paid in the next 12 months. The change in depreciation and amortization method also increased our taxable income for 2012, resulting in an acceleration of
the usage of our operating and windfall employee equity award net operating loss carryforwards. As a result of the tax depreciation method change, the taxable gain recognized in the divestiture and the level of operating profits, we utilized most of
our net operating losses in the U.S. for which a deferred tax asset had been previously recognized and all of our windfall tax losses in the U.S. for which a deferred tax asset had not been previously recognized. We recorded excess income tax
benefits of $84.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 in our consolidated balance sheet.  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net Income from Discontinued Operations.  For the year ended
December 31, 2012, our net income from discontinued operations was $13.1 million, consisting of $11.9 million from the gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of income tax, and $1.2 million of net income from discontinued operations. For
the year ended December 31, 2011, our net income from discontinued operations was $1.0 million. For additional information, see “Discontinued Operations” in Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Adjusted EBITDA . Adjusted EBITDA is a key factor in how we assess the performance
of our segments, measure the operational cash generating abilities of our segments and develop regional growth strategies such as IBX data center expansion decisions. Adjusted EBITDA is the result of our revenues less our adjusted operating
expenses. Our adjusted operating expenses exclude depreciation expense, amortization expense, accretion expense, stock-based compensation, restructuring charge, impairment charges and acquisition costs. Periodically, we enter into new lease
agreements or amend existing lease agreements. To the extent we conclude that a lease is an operating lease, the rent expense may decrease our adjusted EBITDA whereas to the extent we conclude that a lease is a capital or financing lease, and
this lease was previously reported as an operating lease, this outcome may increase our adjusted EBITDA. Our adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 was split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
   
 % change 
   
 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 2011 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Actual 
   
   
 Constant currency 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 557,800 
    
    
   
 62 
 %  
   
 $ 
 477,527 
    
    
   
 66 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 183,612 
    
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 143,093 
    
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 146,445 
    
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 100,884 
    
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 45 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 887,857 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 721,504 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Americas Adjusted EBITDA.  The increase in our Americas adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to
(i) incremental adjusted EBITDA from the impact of the ALOG acquisition, which generated $13.0 million of adjusted EBITDA, and (ii) higher revenues as result of our IBX data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above.
During the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations to our Americas adjusted EBITDA was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.  
 EMEA Adjusted EBITDA.  The increase in our EMEA adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to (i) additional adjusted EBITDA from the
impact of the ancotel acquisition, which generated $2.4 million of adjusted EBITDA, (ii) higher revenues as result of our IBX data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above and (iii) lower adjusted operating expenses
as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to lower rent and facility costs and utility costs. During the year ended December 31, 2012, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $10.2 million of net unfavorable foreign currency
impact on our EMEA adjusted EBITDA primarily due to generally stronger U.S. dollar relative to the British pound, Euro and Swiss franc during the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended December 31, 2011.  
 Asia-Pacific Adjusted EBITDA.  The increase in our Asia-Pacific adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to (i) additional adjusted
EBITDA from the impact of the Asia Tone acquisition, which generated $12.0 million of adjusted EBITDA, (ii) higher revenues as result of our IBX data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above and (iii) lower adjusted
operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to lower rent and facility costs. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations to our Asia-Pacific adjusted EBITDA was not significant
when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended December 31, 2011.  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Non-GAAP Financial Measures    We provide all information required in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), but we believe that evaluating our ongoing operating results from continuing operations may be
difficult if limited to reviewing only GAAP financial measures. Accordingly, we use non-GAAP financial measures, primarily adjusted EBITDA, to evaluate our continuing operations. We also use adjusted EBITDA as a metric in the determination of
employees’ annual bonuses and vesting of restricted stock units that have both a service and performance condition. In presenting adjusted EBITDA, we exclude certain items that we believe are not good indicators of our current or future
operating performance. These items are depreciation, amortization, accretion of asset retirement obligations and accrued restructuring charges, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition
costs. Legislative and regulatory requirements encourage the use of and emphasis on GAAP financial metrics and require companies to explain why non-GAAP financial metrics are relevant to management and investors. We exclude these items in order
for our lenders, investors, and industry analysts, who review and report on us, to better evaluate our operating performance and cash spending levels relative to our industry sector and competitors.  
 For example, we exclude depreciation expense as these charges primarily relate to the initial construction costs of our IBX data centers
and do not reflect our current or future cash spending levels to support our business. Our IBX data centers are long-lived assets and have an economic life greater than 10 years. The construction costs of our IBX data centers do not recur and future
capital expenditures remain minor relative to our initial investment. This is a trend we expect to continue. In addition, depreciation is also based on the estimated useful lives of our IBX data centers. These estimates could vary from actual
performance of the asset, are based on historical costs incurred to build out our IBX data centers, and are not indicative of current or expected future capital expenditures. Therefore, we exclude depreciation from our operating results when
evaluating our continuing operations.    In addition, in presenting the non-GAAP financial measures, we exclude amortization
expense related to certain intangible assets, as it represents a cost that may not recur and is not a good indicator of our current or future operating performance. We exclude accretion expense, both as it relates to asset retirement obligations as
well as accrued restructuring charge liabilities, as these expenses represent costs which we believe are not meaningful in evaluating our current operations. We exclude stock-based compensation expense as it primarily represents expense attributed
to equity awards that have no current or future cash obligations. As such, we, and many investors and analysts, exclude this stock-based compensation expense when assessing the cash generating performance of our continuing operations. We also
exclude restructuring charges from our non-GAAP financial measures. The restructuring charges relate to our decisions to exit leases for excess space adjacent to several of our IBX data centers, which we did not intend to build out, or our decision
to reverse such restructuring charges. We also exclude impairment charges related to certain long-lived assets. The impairment charges are related to expense recognized whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
long-lived assets are not recoverable. Finally, we exclude acquisition costs from our non-GAAP financial measures. The acquisition costs relate to costs we incur in connection with business combinations. Management believes such items as
restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs are non-core transactions; however, these types of costs will or may occur in future periods.    Our management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance
with GAAP. However, we have presented such non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate our operating results in a manner that focuses on what management believes to be our core, ongoing business operations.
We believe that the inclusion of this non-GAAP financial measure provides consistency and comparability with past reports and provides a better understanding of the overall performance of the business and its ability to perform in subsequent
periods. We believe that if we did not provide such non-GAAP financial information, investors would not have all the necessary data to analyze Equinix effectively.    Investors should note, however, that the non-GAAP financial measures used by us may not be the same non-GAAP financial measures, and may not be calculated in the same manner, as those of other companies.
In addition, whenever we use non-GAAP financial measures, we provide a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most closely applicable GAAP financial measure. Investors are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and
the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We define adjusted EBITDA as income or loss from operations plus depreciation, amortization,
accretion, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs as presented below (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Income from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 460,932 
    
   
 $ 
 392,896 
    
    
 $ 
 305,922 
    
 
   Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 
    
   
 431,008 
    
   
   
 393,543 
    
    
   
 337,667 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
    
   
 102,940 
    
   
   
 82,735 
    
    
   
 71,137 
    
 
   Restructuring charges 
    
   
 (4,837 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,481 
    
 
   Impairment charges 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,861 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 10,855 
    
   
   
 8,822 
    
    
   
 3,297 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 1,000,898 
    
   
 $ 
 887,857 
    
    
 $ 
 721,504 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Our adjusted EBITDA results have improved each year and in each region in total dollars due to the
improved operating results discussed earlier in “Results of Operations”, as well as the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature also
discussed earlier in “Overview”. Although we have also been investing in our future growth as described above (e.g. through additional IBX data center expansions, acquisitions and increased investments in sales and marketing), we believe
that our adjusted EBITDA results will continue to improve in future periods as we continue to grow our business.    Liquidity and Capital
Resources    As of December 31, 2013, our total indebtedness was comprised of (i) convertible debt principal
totaling $769.7 million from our 3.00% convertible subordinated notes and our 4.75% convertible subordinated notes (gross of discount) and (ii) non-convertible debt and financing obligations totaling $3.4 billion consisting of (a) $2.3
billion of principal from our 7.00%, 5.375% and 4.875% senior notes, (b) $253.2 million of principal from our mortgage and loans payable and (c) $931.2 million from our capital lease and other financing obligations.  
 We believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities, to meet our operating
requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, payment of tax liabilities related to the decision to convert to a REIT (see below) and completion of our publicly-announced expansion projects. As of
December 31, 2013, we had $1.0 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments, of which approximately $833.8 million was held in the U.S. We believe that our current expansion activities in the U.S. can be funded
with our U.S.-based cash and cash equivalents and investments. Besides our investment portfolio, additional liquidity available to us from the $550.0 million revolving credit facility that forms part of our $750.0 million credit facility, referred
to as the U.S. financing, any further financing activities we may pursue, and customer collections are our primary source of cash. While we believe we have a strong customer base and have continued to experience relatively strong collections, if the
current market conditions were to deteriorate, some of our customers may have difficulty paying us and we may experience increased churn in our customer base, including reductions in their commitments to us, all of which could have a material
adverse effect on our liquidity.    As of December 31, 2013, we had 17 irrevocable letters of credit totaling $33.2 million
issued and outstanding under the U.S. revolving credit line; as a result, we had a total of approximately $516.8 million of additional liquidity available to us under the U.S. revolving credit line. While we believe we have sufficient liquidity and
capital resources to meet our current operating requirements and to complete our publicly-announced IBX data center expansion plans, we may pursue additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build out of new IBX data centers, in certain of our
existing markets which are at or near capacity within the next year, as well as potential acquisitions, and have also announced our planned conversion to a REIT (see below). While we expect to fund these plans with our existing resources, additional
financing, either debt or equity, may be required to pursue certain new or unannounced additional plans, including acquisitions. However, if current market conditions were to deteriorate, we may be unable to secure additional financing or any such
additional financing may only be available to us on unfavorable terms. An inability to pursue additional expansion opportunities will have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain our desired level of revenue growth in future periods.
 
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In October 2013, we initiated a program to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange
rate fluctuations for forecasted revenues and expenses in our EMEA region in order to manage our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the British Pound, Euro and Swiss Franc. The foreign currency
forward contracts that we use to hedge this exposure are designated as cash flow hedges. For additional information, see “Derivatives and Hedging Instruments” in Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Impact of REIT Conversion    We currently estimate that we will incur approximately $75.0 to $85.0 million in costs to support the REIT conversion, in addition to related tax liabilities associated with a change in our methods of
depreciating and amortizing various data center assets for tax purposes from our prior methods to current methods that are more consistent with the characterization of such assets as real property for REIT purposes. The total recapture of
depreciation and amortization expenses across all relevant assets is expected to result in federal and state tax liability of approximately $360.0 to $380.0 million, which amount became and is generally payable over a four-year period starting in
2012 even if we abandon the REIT conversion for any reason, including failure to obtain a favorable PLR response. Prior to the decision to convert to a REIT, our balance sheet reflected our income tax liability as a non-current deferred tax
liability. As a result of the decision to convert to a REIT, our non-current tax liability has been and will continue to be gradually and proportionally reclassified from non-current to current over the four-year period, which started in the third
quarter of 2012. The current liability reflects the tax liability that relates to additional taxable income expected to be recognized within the twelve-month period from the date of the balance sheet. If the REIT conversion is successful, we also
expect to incur an additional $5.0 to $10.0 million in annual compliance costs in future years. We expect to pay between $145.0 to $200.0 million in cash taxes during 2014 which includes taxes on our operations and any tax impacts required
by our plan to convert to a REIT.    In accordance with tax rules applicable to REIT conversions, we expect to issue special
distributions to our stockholders of undistributed accumulated earnings and profits of approximately $700.0 million to $1.1 billion (the “E&P distribution”), which we expect to pay out in a combination of up to 20% in cash and at least
80% in the form of our common stock. The estimated E&P distribution may change due to potential changes in certain factors impacting the calculations, such as finalization of the 2013 E&P amounts and the actual financial year 2014
performance of the entities to be included in the REIT structure. We expect to make the E&P distribution only after receiving a favorable PLR from the IRS, obtaining Board approval and completion of other necessary REIT conversion actions. The
Company anticipates making an E&P distribution before 2015 with the balance distributed in 2015. In addition, following the completion of the REIT conversion, we intend to declare regular distributions to our stockholders.  
 Sources and Uses of Cash      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 604,608 
    
   
 $ 
 632,026 
    
   
 $ 
 587,320 
    
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (1,169,313 
 )  
   
   
 (442,873 
 )  
   
   
 (1,499,155 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided (used in) by financing activities 
    
   
 574,907 
    
   
   
 (222,721 
 )  
   
   
 748,728 
    
   Operating Activities    The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily attributed to unfavorable working capital activities, such as $87.0 million and $25.3 million,
respectively, of higher payments of income taxes and interest expense in 2013, partially offset by improved operating results. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities during 2012 compared to 2011 was primarily due to improved
operating results, partially offset by unfavorable working capital activities, such as increased payments of income taxes. Although our collections remain strong, it is possible for some large customer receivables that were anticipated to be
collected in one quarter to slip to the next quarter. For example, some large customer receivables that were anticipated to be collected in December 2013 were instead collected in January 2014, which negatively impacted cash flows from operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2013. We expect that we will continue to generate cash from our operating activities throughout 2014 and beyond; however, we expect to pay an increased amount of income taxes until such time that we
become a REIT, which will negatively impact the cash we generate from operating activities. 
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Investing Activities    The increase in net cash used in investing activities during 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to $526.1 million of higher purchases of investments and $452.3 million of lower sales and maturities
of investments, partially offset by $192.1 million of lower capital expenditures as a result of less expansion activity and $260.2 million of lower business acquisition spending. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities during 2012
compared to 2011 was primarily due to $825.7 million of lower purchases of investments, $320.6 million of higher sales and maturities of investments and $76.5 million of proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations, partially offset by $267.5
million of higher business acquisition spending and $79.1 million of higher capital expenditures. During 2014, we expect that our IBX expansion construction activity will be similar to our 2013 levels. However, if the opportunity to expand is
greater than planned and we have sufficient funding to pursue such expansion opportunities, we may increase the level of capital expenditures to support this growth as well as pursue additional business acquisitions, property acquisitions or joint
ventures.    Financing Activities    The net cash provided by financing activities for 2013 was primarily due to $1.5 billion of proceeds from the senior notes offering in March 2013, partially offset by $834.7 million for the redemption of
the $750.0 million 8.125% senior notes, repayments of various debt and purchases of treasury stock. The net cash used in financing activities for 2012 was primarily due to the repayment of our multi-currency credit facility in the Asia-Pacific
region and the settlement of the $250.0 million 2.50% convertible subordinated notes, partially offset by proceeds from the U.S. financing and the ALOG financings. The net cash provided by financing activities for 2011 was primarily due to our
$750.0 million 7.00% senior notes offering in July 2011, partially offset by purchases of treasury stock and repayments of various debt. Going forward, we expect that our financing activities will consist primarily of repayment of our debt and
additional financings needed to support expansion opportunities, additional acquisitions or joint ventures, or our conversion to a REIT.    Debt Obligations – Convertible Debt    4.75% Convertible
Subordinated Notes.  In June 2009, we issued $373.8 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% convertible subordinated notes due June 15, 2016. Interest is payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 of each year and
commenced on December 15, 2009. The initial conversion rate is 11.8599 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of 4.75% convertible subordinated notes, subject to adjustment. This represents an initial conversion price of
approximately $84.32 per share of common stock. Upon conversion, holders will receive, at our election, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock.  
 Holders of the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes were eligible to convert their notes during the year ended December 31, 2013 and
are eligible to convert their notes during the three months ending March 31, 2014, since the stock price condition conversion clause was met during the applicable periods. As of December 31, 2013, had the holders of the 4.75% convertible
subordinated notes converted their notes, the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes would have been convertible into a maximum of 4.4 million shares of our common stock.    Upon conversion, if we elected to pay a sufficiently large portion of the conversion obligation in cash, additional consideration beyond the $373.8 million of gross proceeds received would be required.
However, to minimize the impact of potential dilution upon conversion of the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes, we entered into capped call transactions, which are referred to as the capped call, separate from the issuance of the 4.75%
convertible subordinated notes, for which we paid a premium of $49.7 million. The capped call covers a total of approximately 4.4 million shares of our common stock, subject to adjustment. Under the capped call, we effectively raised the
conversion price of the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes from $84.32 to $114.82. Depending upon our stock price at the time the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes are converted, the capped call will return up to 1.2 million shares of our
common stock to us; however, we will receive no benefit from the capped call if our stock price is $84.32 or lower at the time of conversion and will receive less shares for share prices in excess of $114.82 at the time of conversion than we would
have received at a share price of $114.82 (our benefit from the capped call is capped at $114.82, and no additional benefit is received beyond this price).  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We do not have the right to redeem the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes at our option.
   We separately accounted for the liability and equity components of our 4.75% convertible subordinated notes in accordance
with the accounting standard for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion (including partial cash settlement). For additional information, see “4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes” in Note 10 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    3.00% Convertible Subordinated
Notes . In September 2007, we issued $396.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes due October 15, 2014. Interest is payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year and commenced in
April 2008.    Holders of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes may convert their notes at their option on any day up to and
including the business day immediately preceding the maturity date into shares of our common stock. We do not have the right to redeem the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes at our option. The base conversion rate is 7.436 shares of common stock
per $1,000 principal amount of 3.00% convertible subordinated notes, subject to adjustment. This represents a base conversion price of approximately $134.48 per share of common stock. If, at the time of conversion, the applicable stock price of our
common stock exceeds the base conversion price, the conversion rate will be determined pursuant to a formula resulting in the receipt of up to 4.4616 additional shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 3.00% convertible subordinated
notes, subject to adjustment. However, in no event would the total number of shares issuable upon conversion of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes exceed 11.8976 per $1,000 principal amount of 3.00% convertible subordinated notes, subject
to anti-dilution adjustments, or the equivalent of $84.05 per share of our common stock or a total of 4.7 million shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2013, we expect the holders of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes to
convert their notes into shares of our common stock prior to the notes’ maturity date and the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes were convertible into 3.4 million shares of our common stock.  
 Debt Obligations – Non-Convertible Debt    Senior Notes    4.875% Senior Notes and 5.375% Senior Notes.  In March
2013, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which consist of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due April 1, 2020 and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due
April 1, 2023. Interest on both the 4.875% senior notes and the 5.375% senior notes is payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year and commenced on October 1, 2013.  
 The 4.875% senior notes and the 5.375% senior notes are governed by separate indentures dated March 5, 2013, which are referred to
as the senior notes indentures, between us, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Senior Notes Indentures”). The senior notes indentures contain covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries
to, among other things:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional debt;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends or make other restricted payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   purchase, redeem or retire capital stock or subordinated debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make asset sales;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into transactions with affiliates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into sale-leaseback transactions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   provide subsidiary guarantees;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make investments; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   merge or consolidate with any other person.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Each of these restrictions has a number of important qualifications and exceptions. The 4.875% senior notes
and the 5.375% senior notes are unsecured and rank equal in right of payment with our existing or future senior debt and senior in right of payment to our existing and future subordinated debt. The 4.875% senior notes and the 5.375% senior notes are
effectively junior to our secured indebtedness and indebtedness of our subsidiaries.    At any time prior to April 1, 2016,
we may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.875% senior notes outstanding at a redemption price equal to 104.875% of the principal amount of the 4.875% senior notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and
unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings; provided that (i) at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.875% senior notes issued under the 4.875% senior
notes indenture remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (excluding the 4.875% senior notes held by us and our subsidiaries); and (ii) the redemption must occur within 90 days of the date of the closing of such
equity offering.    On or after April 1, 2017, we may redeem all or a part of the 4.875% senior notes, on any one or more
occasions, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but not including, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period
beginning on April 1 of the years indicated below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Redemption price of the 4.875% Senior Notes 
   


 
   2017 
    
   
 102.438 
 %  
 
   2018 
    
   
 101.219 
 %  
 
   2019 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
   At any time prior to April 1, 2017, we may also redeem all or a part of the 4.875% senior notes at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 4.875% senior notes redeemed plus an applicable premium, which is referred to as the 4.875% senior notes applicable premium, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not
including, the date of redemption, which is referred to as the 4.875% senior notes redemption date. The 4.875% senior notes applicable premium means the greater of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.0% of the principal amount of the 4.875% senior notes; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the excess of: (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the 4.875% senior notes at April 1, 2017 as
shown in the above table, plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the 4.875% senior notes through April 1, 2017 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including the 4.875% senior notes redemption date),
computed using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity of the U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity most nearly equal to the period from the 4.875% senior notes redemption date to April 1, 2017, plus 0.50%; over (b) the
principal amount of the 4.875% senior notes.    At any time prior to April 1, 2016, we may on any one or
more occasions redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 5.375% senior notes outstanding at a redemption price equal to 105.375% of the principal amount of the 5.375% senior notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to,
but not including, the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings; provided that (i) at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the 5.375% senior notes issued under the 5.375% senior notes indenture
remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (excluding the 5.375% senior notes held by us and our subsidiaries); and (ii) the redemption must occur within 90 days of the date of the closing of such equity offering.
 
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On or after April 1, 2018, we may redeem all or a part of the 5.375% senior notes, on
any one or more occasions, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but not including, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the
twelve-month period beginning on April 1 of the years indicated below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Redemption price of the 5.375% Senior Notes 
   


 
   2018 
    
   
 102.688 
 %  
 
   2019 
    
   
 101.792 
 %  
 
   2020 
    
   
 100.896 
 %  
 
   2021 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
   At any time prior to April 1, 2018, we may also redeem all or a part of the 5.375% senior notes at a
redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 5.375% senior notes redeemed plus an applicable premium, which is referred to as the 5.375% senior notes applicable premium, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not
including, the date of redemption, which is referred to as the 5.375% senior notes redemption date. The 5.375% senior notes applicable premium means the greater of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.0% of the principal amount of the 5.375% senior notes; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the excess of: (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the 5.375% senior notes at April 1, 2018 as
shown in the above table, plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the 5.375% senior notes through April 1, 2018 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including the 5.375% senior notes redemption date),
computed using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity of the U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity most nearly equal to the period from the 5.375% senior notes redemption date to April 1, 2018, plus 0.50%; over (b) the
principal amount of the 5.375% senior notes.    Debt issuance costs related to the 4.875% senior notes and
5.375% senior notes, net of amortization, were $18.5 million as of December 31, 2013.    7.00% Senior Notes.  In July
2011, we issued $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.00% senior notes due July 15, 2021, which are referred to as the 7.00% senior notes. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year
and commenced on January 15, 2012.    The 7.00% senior notes are unsecured and rank equal in right of payment to our
existing or future senior debt and senior in right of payment to our existing and future subordinated debt. The 7.00% senior notes are effectively junior to any of our existing and future secured indebtedness and any indebtedness of our
subsidiaries. The 7.00% senior notes are also structurally subordinated to all debt and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries and will continue to be subordinated to the extent that these subsidiaries do not guarantee the
7.00% senior notes in the future.    The 7.00% Senior Notes are governed by an indenture which contains covenants that limit the
Company’s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional debt;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends or make other restricted payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   purchase, redeem or retire capital stock or subordinated debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make asset sales;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into transactions with affiliates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into sale-leaseback transactions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   provide subsidiary guarantees;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make investments; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   merge or consolidate with any other person.  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  At any time prior to July 15, 2014, we may on any one or more occasions redeem up to
35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 7.00% senior notes outstanding at a redemption price equal to 107.000% of the principal amount of the 7.00% senior notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the
redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings, provided that (i) at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the 7.00% senior notes issued remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such
redemption and (ii) the redemption must occur within 90 days of the date of the closing of such equity offerings. On or after July 15, 2016, we may redeem all or a part of the 7.00% senior notes, on any one or more occasions, at the
redemption prices set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, up to, but not including, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on July 15 of the years indicated below:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Redemption price of the Senior Notes 
   


 
   2016 
    
   
 103.500 
 %  
 
   2017 
    
   
 102.333 
 %  
 
   2018 
    
   
 101.167 
 %  
 
   2019 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
   In addition, at any time prior to July 15, 2016, we may also redeem all or a part of the 7.00%
senior notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 7.00% senior notes redeemed plus a premium, which is referred to as the applicable premium, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date of
redemption, which is referred to as the redemption date. The applicable premium means the greater of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.0% of the principal amount of the 7.00% senior notes to be redeemed; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the excess of: (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the 7.00% senior notes to be redeemed at
July 15, 2016 as shown in the above table, plus (ii) all required interest payments due on these 7.00% senior notes through July 15, 2016 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including the redemption date),
computed using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity as of the redemption date of the U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to July 15, 2016, plus 0.50%; over
(b) the principal amount of the 7.00% senior notes to be redeemed.    Upon a change in control, we will
be required to make an offer to purchase each holder’s 7.00% senior notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase.  
 Debt issuance costs related to the 7.00% senior notes, net of amortization, were $10.7 million as of December 31, 2013.  
 8.125% Senior Notes.  In February 2010, we issued $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.125% senior notes due
March 1, 2018. The indenture governing the 8.125% senior notes permitted us to redeem the 8.125% senior notes at the redemption prices set forth in the 8.125% senior notes indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including the
redemption date.    In April 2013, we redeemed all of the 8.125% senior notes and incurred a loss on debt extinguishment. See
Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Loans Payable    U.S. Financing.  In June 2012, we entered into a credit agreement with a group of lenders for a $750.0 million credit facility, referred to as the U.S. financing, comprised of a $200.0 million term
loan facility, referred to as the U.S. term loan, and a $550.0 million multicurrency revolving credit facility, referred to as the U.S. revolving credit line. The U.S. financing contains several financial covenants with which we must comply on a
quarterly basis, including a maximum senior leverage ratio covenant, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant and a minimum tangible net worth covenant. The U.S. financing is guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries and is secured by
our and the guarantors’ accounts receivable as well as pledges of the equity interests of certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. The U.S. term loan and U.S. revolving credit line both have a five-year term, subject to the satisfaction
of certain conditions with respect to our outstanding convertible subordinated notes. We are required to repay the principal balance of the U.S. term loan in equal quarterly installments over the term. The U.S. term loan bears interest at a rate
based on LIBOR or, at our option, the base rate, which is defined as the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the Bank of America prime rate and (c) one-month LIBOR plus 1.00%, plus, in either case, a margin that
varies as a function of our senior leverage ratio in the range of 1.25%-2.00% per annum if we elect to use the LIBOR index and in the range of 0.25%-1.00% per annum if we elect to use the base rate index. In July 2012, we fully utilized
the U.S. term loan and used the funds to prepay the outstanding balance of and terminate a multi-currency credit facility in our Asia-Pacific region. The U.S. revolving credit line allows us to borrow, repay and reborrow over the term. The U.S.
revolving credit line provides a sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit of up to $150.0 million at any one time. We may use the U.S. revolving credit line for working capital, capital expenditures, issuance of letters of credit, and
other general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the U.S. revolving credit line bear interest at a rate based on LIBOR or, at our option, the base rate, as defined above, plus, in either case, a margin that varies as a function of our senior
leverage ratio in the range of 0.95%-1.60% per annum if we elect to use the LIBOR index and in the range of 0.00%-0.60% per annum if we elect to use the base rate index. We are required to pay a quarterly letter of credit fee on the
face amount of each letter of credit, which fee is based on the same margin that applies from time to time to LIBOR-indexed borrowings under the U.S. revolving credit line. We are also required to pay a quarterly facility fee ranging from
0.30%-0.40% per annum of the U.S. revolving credit line, regardless of the amount utilized, which fee also varies as a function of our senior leverage ratio.   In February 2013, the U.S. financing was amended to modify certain definitions of items used in the calculation of the financial covenants with which we must comply on a quarterly basis to exclude the
write-off of any unamortized debt issuance costs that were incurred in connection with the issuance of the 8.125% senior notes; to exclude one-time transaction costs, fees, premiums and expenses incurred by us in connection with the issuance of the
4.875% senior notes and 5.375% senior notes and the redemption of the 8.125% senior notes; and to exclude the 8.125% senior notes from the calculation of total leverage for the period ended March 31, 2013, provided that certain conditions in
connection with the redemption of the 8.125% senior notes were satisfied. The amendment also postponed the step-down of the maximum senior leverage ratio covenant from the three months ended March 31, 2013 to the three months ended
September 30, 2013.    In September 2013, the U.S. financing was further amended. Among other changes, the amendment
(i) modified certain covenants to accommodate our planned conversion to a REIT, and related matters; (ii) replaced the maximum senior leverage ratio covenant with a maximum senior net leverage ratio covenant and modified the minimum fixed
charge coverage ratio and tangible net worth covenants; (iii) modified certain defined terms used in the calculation of the financial covenants to exclude certain expenses incurred by us in connection with our planned REIT conversion;
and (iv) permits us to request an increase to the U.S. revolving credit line of up to an additional $250.0 million, subject to various conditions including the receipt of lender commitments.  
 As of December 31, 2013, we had $140.0 million outstanding under the U.S. term loan with an effective interest rate of
2.17% per annum. As of December 31, 2013, we had 17 irrevocable letters of credit totaling $33.2 million issued and outstanding under the U.S. Revolving Credit Line. As a result, the amount available to us to borrow under the U.S.
revolving credit line was $516.8 million as of December 31, 2013. As of December 31, 2013, we were in compliance with all covenants of the U.S. financing. Debt issuance costs related to the U.S. financing, net of amortization, were $8.0
million as of December 31, 2013.  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  ALOG Financings . In June 2012, ALOG completed a 100.0 million Brazilian real
borrowing agreement, or approximately $48.8 million, referred to as the 2012 ALOG financing. The 2012 ALOG financing has a five-year term with semi-annual principal payments beginning in the third year of its term and quarterly interest payments
during the entire term. The 2012 ALOG financing bears an interest rate of 2.75% above the local borrowing rate. The 2012 ALOG financing contains financial covenants, which ALOG must comply with annually, consisting of a leverage ratio and a fixed
charge coverage ratio. As of December 31, 2013, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2012 ALOG financing. The 2012 ALOG financing is not guaranteed by ALOG or us. The 2012 ALOG financing is not secured by ALOG’s or
our assets. The 2012 ALOG financing has a final maturity date of June 2017. In September 2012, ALOG fully utilized the 2012 ALOG financing and used a portion of the funds to prepay and terminate ALOG loans payable outstanding. As of
December 31, 2013, the effective interest rate under the 2012 ALOG financing was 12.52% per annum.    In November
2013, ALOG completed a 60.3 million Brazilian real borrowing agreement, or approximately $25.5 million, referred to as the 2013 ALOG financing. The 2013 ALOG financing has a five-year term with semi-annual principal payments beginning in
the third year of its term and semi-annual interest payments during the entire term. The 2013 ALOG Financing bears an interest rate of 2.25% above the local borrowing rate. The 2013 ALOG Financing contains financial covenants, which ALOG must
comply with annually, consisting of a leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio. As of December 31, 2013, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2013 ALOG financing. The 2013 ALOG financing is not guaranteed by ALOG
or us. The 2013 ALOG financing is not secured by ALOG’s or our assets. The 2013 ALOG financing has a final maturity date of November 2018. During the three months ended December 31, 2013, ALOG fully utilized the 2013 ALOG financing.
As of December 31, 2013, the effective interest rate under the 2013 ALOG financing was 12.24% per annum.   Capital Lease and Other
Financing Obligations    We have numerous capital lease and other financing obligations with maturity dates ranging from 2015
to 2053 under which a total principal balance of $931.2 million remained outstanding as of December 31, 2013 with a weighted average effective interest rate of 7.89%. For further information on our capital leases and other financing
obligations, see “Capital Leases and Other Financing Obligations” in Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements  
 We lease a majority of our IBX data centers and certain equipment under non-cancelable lease agreements expiring through 2053. The
following represents our debt maturities, financings, leases and other contractual commitments as of December 31, 2013 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Convertible debt (1) 
    
 $ 
 395,986 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 373,724 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 769,710 
    
 
   Senior notes (2) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,250,000 
    
    
   
 2,250,000 
    
 
   U.S. term loan (2) 
    
   
 40,000 
    
    
   
 40,000 
    
    
   
 40,000 
    
    
   
 20,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 140,000 
    
 
   ALOG financings (2) 
    
   
 12,096 
    
    
   
 15,742 
    
    
   
 19,389 
    
    
   
 13,346 
    
    
   
 7,309 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 67,882 
    
 
   ALOG loans payable (2) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 342 
    
    
   
 411 
    
    
   
 411 
    
    
   
 410 
    
    
   
 68 
    
    
   
 1,642 
    
 
   Mortgage payable (2) 
    
   
 1,221 
    
    
   
 1,274 
    
    
   
 1,330 
    
    
   
 1,387 
    
    
   
 1,447 
    
    
   
 36,838 
    
    
   
 43,497 
    
 
   Other loan payable (2) 
    
   
 65 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 65 
    
 
   Paris 4 IBX financing (3) 
    
   
 122 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 122 
    
 
   Interest (4) 
    
   
 169,032 
    
    
   
 157,479 
    
    
   
 145,945 
    
    
   
 134,313 
    
    
   
 132,838 
    
    
   
 441,351 
    
    
   
 1,180,958 
    
 
   Capital lease and other financing obligations (5) 
    
   
 85,386 
    
    
   
 94,865 
    
    
   
 99,663 
    
    
   
 100,681 
    
    
   
 105,009 
    
    
   
 1,187,512 
    
    
   
 1,673,116 
    
 
   Operating leases (6) 
    
   
 91,658 
    
    
   
 81,848 
    
    
   
 79,806 
    
    
   
 75,692 
    
    
   
 72,817 
    
    
   
 552,357 
    
    
   
 954,178 
    
 
   Other contractual commitments (7)  
    
   
 299,079 
    
    
   
 39,133 
    
    
   
 1,141 
    
    
   
 1,000 
    
    
   
 285 
    
    
   
 4,346 
    
    
   
 344,984 
    
 
   Asset retirement obligations (8) 
    
   
 4,339 
    
    
   
 1,984 
    
    
   
 540 
    
    
   
 7,714 
    
    
   
 3,241 
    
    
   
 41,730 
    
    
   
 59,548 
    
 
   ALOG acquisition contingent consideration (9) 
    
   
 1,757 
    
    
   
 2,021 
    
    
   
 2,926 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,704 
    
 
   Redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 123,902 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 123,902 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,224,643 
    
    
 $ 
 434,688 
    
    
 $ 
 764,875 
    
    
 $ 
 354,544 
    
    
 $ 
 323,356 
    
    
 $ 
 4,514,202 
    
    
 $ 
 7,616,308 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents principal only. As of December 31, 2013, had the holders of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes due 2014 converted their notes, the 3.00%
convertible subordinated notes would have been convertible into approximately 3.4 million shares of our common stock, which would have a total value of $598.1 million based on the closing price of our common stock on December 31,
2013. As of December 31, 2013, had the holders of the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes due 2016 converted their notes, the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes would have been convertible into approximately 4.4 million shares of
our common stock, which would have a total value of $786.5 million based on the closing price of our common stock on December 31, 2013.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents principal only.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Represents total payments to be made under two agreements to purchase and develop the Paris 4 IBX center.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Represents interest on ALOG financings, convertible debt, mortgage payable, senior notes and U.S. term loan based on their approximate interest rates as of
December 31, 2013.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Represents principal and interest.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Represents minimum operating lease payments, excluding potential lease renewals.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Represents unaccrued contractual commitments. Other contractual commitments are described below.  
 
 
 (8) 
 Represents liability, net of future accretion expense.  
 
 
 (9) 
 Represents unaccrued ALOG acquisition contingent consideration, subject to reduction for any post-closing balance sheet adjustments and any claims for indemnification,
and includes the portion of the contingent consideration that will be funded by Riverwood Capital L.P., who has an indirect, non-controlling equity interest in ALOG. As of December 31, 2013, we accrued approximately $419 of ALOG acquisition
contingent consideration.    In connection with certain of our leases and other contracts requiring deposits, we
entered into 17 irrevocable letters of credit totaling $33.2 million under the senior revolving credit line. These letters of credit were provided in lieu of cash deposits under the senior revolving credit line. If the landlords for these IBX leases
decide to draw down on these letters of credit triggered by an event of default under the lease, we will be required to fund these letters of credit either through cash collateral or borrowing under the senior revolving credit line. These contingent
commitments are not reflected in the table above.    We had accrued liabilities related to uncertain tax positions totaling
approximately $27.1 million as of December 31, 2013. These liabilities, which are reflected on our balance sheet, are not reflected in the table above since it is unclear when these liabilities will be paid.  
 Primarily as a result of our various IBX data center expansion projects, as of December 31, 2013, we were contractually committed
for $155.1 million of unaccrued capital expenditures, primarily for IBX equipment not yet delivered and labor not yet provided in connection with the work necessary to complete construction and open these IBX data centers prior to making them
available to customers for installation. This amount, which is expected to be paid during 2014 and thereafter, is reflected in the table above as “other contractual commitments.”  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We had other non-capital purchase commitments in place as of December 31, 2013, such as
commitments to purchase power in select locations and other open purchase orders, which contractually bind us for goods or services to be delivered or provided during 2014 and beyond. Such other purchase commitments as of December 31, 2013,
which total $189.8 million, are also reflected in the table above as “other contractual commitments.”    In addition,
although we are not contractually obligated to do so, we expect to incur additional capital expenditures of approximately $230 million to $270 million, in addition to the $155.1 million in contractual commitments discussed above as of
December 31, 2013, in our various IBX data center expansion projects during 2014 and thereafter in order to complete the work needed to open these IBX data centers. These non-contractual capital expenditures are not reflected in the table
above. If we so choose, whether due to economic factors or other considerations, we could delay these non-contractual capital expenditure commitments to preserve liquidity.    Other Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements    We have various guarantor
arrangements with both our directors and officers and third parties, including customers, vendors and business partners. As of December 31, 2013, there were no significant liabilities recorded for these arrangements. For additional information,
see “Guarantor Arrangements” in Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates    Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (“GAAP”). The preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management
evaluates the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. Management bases its assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical
experience, current trends and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results may differ from these assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.  
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Management believes that the following critical accounting policies and estimates, among others, are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial statements, and they require
significant judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Accounting for income taxes;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Accounting for business combinations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Accounting for impairment of goodwill; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Accounting for property, plant and equipment.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Description 
    
   Judgments and Uncertainties 
    
   Effect if Actual Results Differ
From Assumptions 


 
 Accounting for Income Taxes. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences that exist
between the financial statement carrying value of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards on a taxing jurisdiction basis. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax
rates that will apply in the years in which we expect the temporary differences to be recovered or paid.       The accounting standard for income taxes requires a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than
not (defined by the accounting standard as a likelihood of more than 50%) such assets will not be realized.       A tax benefit from an uncertain income tax position may be recognized in the financial statements only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable, based solely on its technical merits
and consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s widely understood administrative practices and precedents. 
    
   The valuation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been
recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. Our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents our best estimate of those future events.     
 In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred
tax assets. If, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized, we record a valuation allowance. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the
extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified.       This assessment,
which is completed on a taxing jurisdiction basis, takes into account a number of types of evidence, including the following: 1) the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative financial reporting losses, 2) sources of future taxable
income and 3) tax planning strategies.       In assessing the tax benefit from
an uncertain income tax position, the tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate
settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. 
    
   As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we recorded a total of net deferred tax assets of $95.6 million and net deferred tax liabilities of
$30.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had a total valuation allowance of $31.1 million and $44.9 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we decided to provide a full valuation allowance against the
net deferred tax assets associated with certain foreign operating entities, which resulted in an insignificant income tax expense in our results of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we decided to provide a full valuation allowance
against the net deferred tax assets associated with certain foreign operating entities which resulted in an income tax expense of $5.5 million in our results of operations. 
     Our decisions to release our valuation allowances were based on our belief that the
operations of these jurisdictions had achieved a sufficient level of profitability and will sustain a sufficient level of profitability in the future to support the release of these valuation allowances based on relevant facts and circumstances.
However, if our assumptions on the future performance of these jurisdictions prove not to be correct and these jurisdictions are not able to sustain a sufficient level of profitability to support the associated deferred tax assets on our
consolidated balance sheet, we will have to impair our deferred tax assets through an additional valuation allowance, which would impact our financial position and results of operations in the period such a determination is made. 
     Our remaining valuation allowances as of December 31, 2013 was $31.1 million and
primarily relates to certain of our subsidiaries outside of the U.S. If and when we release our remaining valuation allowances, it will have a favorable impact to our financial position and results of operations in the periods such determinations
are made. We will continue to assess the need for our valuation allowances, by country or location, in the future. 
 
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Description 
    
   Judgments and Uncertainties 
    
   Effect if Actual Results Differ
From Assumptions 


 
 
    
 
    
 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had unrecognized tax benefits of $36.6 million and $25.0 million, respectively, exclusive of interest and penalties. During the year ended
December 31, 2013, the unrecognized tax benefits increased by $11.6 million primarily due to losses of certain foreign operating entities, which more likely than not, will not benefit the operating entities. During the year ended December 31, 2012,
the unrecognized tax benefits decreased by $9.0 million primarily due to the settlement of a tax audit and the lapse of statutes of limitations in our foreign operations. The unrecognized tax benefits of $36.6 million as of December 31, 2013, if
subsequently recognized, will affect our effective tax rate favorably at the time when such benefits are recognized. 
 
 Accounting for Business Combinations 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   In accordance with the accounting standard for business combinations, we allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to its
identifiable assets and liabilities based on estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any, is recorded as goodwill. 
     We use all available information to estimate fair values. We typically engage outside
appraisal firms to assist in the fair value determination of identifiable intangible assets such as customer contracts, leases and any other significant assets or liabilities and contingent consideration. We adjust the preliminary purchase price
allocation, as necessary, up to one year after the acquisition closing date if we obtain more information regarding asset valuations and liabilities assumed. 
    
 Our purchase price allocation methodology contains uncertainties because it requires assumptions and management’s judgment to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Management estimates the fair value of assets and liabilities based upon quoted market prices, the carrying value of the acquired assets and widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash
flows and market multiple analyses. Our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. Unanticipated events or circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy of our fair value estimates, including assumptions regarding
industry economic factors and business strategies. 
    
   During the last three years, we have completed several business combinations, including the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel
acquisition in October 2013, the Dubai IBX data center acquisition in November 2012, the Asia Tone and ancotel acquisitions in July 2012 and ALOG acquisition in April 2011. Our measurement period for the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel acquisition
will remain open through the fourth quarter of 2014. The purchase price allocation for the ALOG, Asia Tone and ancotel and Dubai IBX data center acquisitions was completed in the second quarter of 2012, third quarter of 2013 and fourth quarter of
2013, respectively.       We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood
that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we used to complete the purchase price allocations and the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates
or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material, which would be recorded in our statements of operations in 2014. 
 
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Description 
    
   Judgments and Uncertainties 
    
   Effect if Actual Results Differ
From Assumptions 


 
   Accounting for Impairment of Goodwill 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   In accordance with the accounting standard for goodwill and other intangible assets, we perform goodwill impairment reviews annually, or
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.       During the fourth quarter of 2011, we early adopted the accounting standard update for testing goodwill for impairment. The accounting standard update provides companies with the option to assess
qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If, after assessing the qualitative factors, a company determines that it is not more likely than not that
the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. However, if a company concludes otherwise, then it is required to perform the first step of the two-step goodwill
impairment test.       During the year ended December 31, 2013, we
completed annual goodwill impairment reviews of the Americas reporting unit, the EMEA reporting unit and the Asia-Pacific reporting unit and concluded that there was no impairment as the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their carrying
value. 
    
   When we elect to perform the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test, we use both the income and market approach. Under the
income approach, we develop a five-year cash flow forecast and use our weighted-average cost of capital applicable to our reporting units as discount rates. This requires assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our actual and forecasted
operating results, approved business plans, future economic conditions and other market data. When we elect to perform the goodwill impairment test by assessing qualitative factors determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of
a reporting unit is less than its carrying value requires assumptions and estimates, the assessment also requires assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our actual and forecasted operating results, approved business plans, future
economic conditions and other market data.       These assumptions require
significant management judgment and are inherently subject to uncertainties. 
    
   As of December 31, 2013, goodwill attributable to the Americas reporting unit, the EMEA reporting unit and the Asia-Pacific
reporting unit was $471.8 million, $435.0 million and $135.3 million, respectively.       Future events, changing market conditions and any changes in key assumptions may result in an impairment charge. While we have not recorded an impairment charge against our goodwill to date, the
development of adverse business conditions in our Americas, EMEA or Asia-Pacific reporting units, such as higher than anticipated customer churn or significantly increased operating costs, or significant deterioration of our market comparables that
we use in the market approach, could result in an impairment charge in future periods.       Any potential impairment charge against our goodwill would not exceed the amounts recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Description 
    
   Judgments and Uncertainties 
    
   Effect if Actual Results Differ
From Assumptions 


 
 Accounting for Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   We have a substantial amount of property, plant and equipment recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. The vast majority of our
property, plant and equipment represent the costs incurred to build out or acquire our IBX data centers. Our IBX data centers are long-lived assets. The majority of our IBX data centers are in properties that are leased. We depreciate our property,
plant and equipment using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets (subject to the term of the lease in the case of leased assets or leasehold improvements). 
     Accounting for property, plant and equipment involves a number of accounting issues
including determining the appropriate period in which to depreciate such assets, making assessments for leased properties to determine whether they are capital or operating leases, assessing such assets for potential impairment, capitalizing
interest during periods of construction and assessing the asset retirement obligations required for certain leased properties that require us to return the leased properties back to their original condition at the time we decide to exit a leased
property. 
    
   While there are numerous judgments and uncertainties involved in accounting for property, plant and equipment that are significant,
arriving at the estimated useful life of an asset requires the most critical judgment for us and changes to these estimates would have the most significant impact on our financial position and results of operations. When we lease a property for our
IBX data centers, we generally enter into long-term arrangements with initial lease terms of at least 8-10 years and with renewal options generally available to us. During the next several years, a number of leases for our IBX data centers will come
up for renewal. As we start approaching the end of these initial lease terms, we will need to reassess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment. In addition, we may find that our estimates for the useful lives of non-leased
assets may also need to be revised periodically. We periodically review the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment and changes in these estimates in the future are possible. 
     Another area of judgment for us in connection with our property, plant and equipment
is related to lease accounting. Most of our IBX data centers are leased. Each time we enter into a new lease or lease amendment for one of our IBX data centers, we analyze each lease or lease amendment for the proper accounting. This requires
certain judgments on our part such as establishing the lease term to include in a lease test, establishing the remaining estimated useful life of the underlying property or equipment and estimating the fair value of the underlying property or
equipment. All of these judgments are inherently uncertain. Different assumptions or estimates could result in a different accounting treatment for a lease. 
    
   During the quarter ended December 31, 2012, we revised the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment.
As a result, we recorded approximately $5.0 million of lower depreciation expense for the quarter ended December 31, 2012 due to extending the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment. We undertook this review due
to our determination that we were generally using certain of our existing assets longer than originally anticipated and, therefore, the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment has been lengthened. This change was
accounted for as a change in accounting estimate on a prospective basis effective October 1, 2012 under the accounting standard for change in accounting estimates. We did not revise the estimated useful lives of our property, plant and
equipment during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2011.     
 Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded impairment charges totaling $9.9 million associated with certain long-lived
assets, of which $7.0 million was associated with property, plant and equipment. No impairment charges were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2011. 
     As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had property, plant and equipment of $4.6
billion and $3.9 billion, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recorded depreciation expense of $405.5 million, $367.0 million and $314.7 million, respectively. Further changes in our estimated useful lives
of our property, plant and equipment could have a significant impact on our results of operations. 
 
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Description 
    
   Judgments and Uncertainties 
    
   Effect if Actual Results Differ
From Assumptions 


 
 
    
 The assessment of long-lived assets for impairment requires assumptions and estimates of undiscounted and discounted future cash flows. These assumptions and estimates require
significant judgment and are inherently uncertain. 
    
   As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had property, plant and equipment under capital leases and other financing obligations of
$949.0 million and $555.7 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recorded depreciation expense of $32.5 million, $18.8 million and $14.2 million, respectively, related to property, plant and equipment
under capital leases and other financing obligations.       Additionally, during
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recorded rent expense of $112.7 million, $113.3 million and $111.8 million under operating leases. 
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements    See “Recent Accounting Pronouncements” in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    Market Risk    The following discussion about market risk involves
forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We may be exposed to market risks related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in
the prices of certain commodities, primarily electricity.    We employ foreign currency forward exchange contracts for the
purpose of hedging certain specifically-identified exposures. The use of these financial instruments is intended to mitigate some of the risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates, but does not eliminate such risks. We do not use
financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.    Investment Portfolio Risk  
 We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. All of our marketable securities are designated as
available-for-sale and, therefore, are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a component of other comprehensive income, net of tax. We consider various factors in determining whether we
should recognize an impairment charge for our securities, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than our cost basis and our intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow
for any anticipated recovery. The Company anticipates that it will recover the entire cost basis of these securities and has determined that no other-than-temporary impairments associated with credit losses were required to be recognized during the
year ended December 31, 2013.    As of December 31, 2013, our investment portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable
securities consisted of money market fund investments, U.S. government and agency obligations, commercial paper and certificates of deposits, corporate bonds, and asset backed securities. Excluding the U.S. government holdings, which carry a
lower risk and lower return in comparison to other securities in the portfolio, the remaining amount in our investment portfolio that could be susceptible to market risk totaled $413.1 million.  
 Interest Rate Risk    Our
primary objective for holding fixed income securities is to achieve an appropriate investment return consistent with preserving principal and managing risk. At any time, a sharp rise in interest rates or credit spreads could have a material adverse
impact on the fair value of our fixed income investment portfolio. Securities with longer maturities are subject to a greater interest rate risk than those with shorter maturities. As of December 31, 2013, the average duration of our portfolio
was less than one year. An immediate hypothetical shift in the yield curves of plus or minus 50 basis points from their position as of December 31, 2013, could decrease or increase the fair value of our investment portfolio by approximately
$2.0 million to $3.0 million. This sensitivity analysis assumes a parallel shift of all interest rates, however, interest rates do not always move in such a manner and actual results may differ materially. We monitor our interest rate and credit
risk, including our credit exposures to specific rating categories and to individual issuers. There were no impairment charges on our cash equivalents and fixed income securities during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
 An immediate 10% increase or decrease in current interest rates from their position as of December 31, 2013 would not have a
material impact on our debt obligations due to the fixed nature of the majority of our debt obligations. However, the interest expense associated with our U.S. financing and ALOG financings, which bear interest at variable rates could be affected.
For every 100 basis point change in interest rates, our annual interest expense could increase or decrease by a total of approximately $2.1 million based on the total balance of our primary borrowings under the U.S. term loan and the ALOG financings
as of December 31, 2013. As of December 31, 2013, we had not employed any interest rate derivative products to help manage our debt obligations. However, we may enter into interest rate hedging agreements in the future to mitigate our
exposure to interest rate risk.  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The fair value of our long-term fixed interest rate debt is subject to interest rate risk.
Generally, the fair value of fixed interest rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. These interest rate changes may affect the fair value of the fixed interest rate debt but do not impact our earnings or
cash flows. The fair value of our convertible debt, which is traded in the market, is based on quoted market prices. The fair value of our loans payable, which are not traded in the market, is estimated by considering our credit rating, current
rates available to us for debt of the same remaining maturities and the terms of the debt. The following table represents the carrying value and estimated fair value of our loans payable, senior notes and convertible debt as of (in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Value 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Value 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Mortgage and loans payable 
    
 $ 
 253,208 
    
    
 $ 
 254,607 
    
    
 $ 
 240,962 
    
    
 $ 
 238,793 
    
 
   Convertible debt 
    
   
 724,202 
    
    
   
 1,009,744 
    
    
   
 708,726 
    
    
   
 1,144,568 
    
 
   Senior Notes 
    
   
 2,250,000 
    
    
   
 2,302,290 
    
    
   
 1,500,000 
    
    
   
 1,661,400 
    
   Foreign Currency Risk    The majority of our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, generated mostly from customers in the U.S. However, approximately 46% of our revenues and 48% of our operating costs are attributable to
Brazil, Canada and the EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions and a large portion of those revenues and costs are denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Brazilian Reais, Canadian dollar, British pound, Euro, Swiss franc, United
Arab Emirates dirham, Australian dollar, Chinese Yuan, Hong Kong dollar, Japanese yen and Singapore dollar. As a result, our operating results and cash flows are impacted by currency fluctuations relative to the U.S. dollar. To protect against
certain reductions in value caused by changes in currency exchange rates, we have established a risk management program to offset some of the risk of carrying assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we enter into
foreign currency forward contracts to manage the risk associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2013, we entered into foreign currency forward contracts to help manage our
exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for forecasted revenues and expenses in our EMEA region. Our risk management program reduces, but does not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements and its impact on
the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2013, the outstanding foreign currency forward contracts had maturities of less than two years.    For the foreseeable future, we anticipate that approximately 40-50% of our revenues and operating costs will continue to be generated and incurred outside of the U.S. in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. During fiscal 2013, the U.S. dollar was generally strong relative to certain of the currencies of the foreign countries in which we operate. This overall strength of the U.S. dollar had a negative impact on our consolidated results of
operations because the foreign denominations translated into less U.S. dollars. In future periods, the volatility of the U.S. dollar as compared to the other currencies in which we do business could have a significant impact on our consolidated
financial position and results of operations including the amount of revenue that we report in future periods.    We may enter
into additional hedging activities in the future to mitigate our exposure to foreign currency risk as our exposure to foreign currency risk continues to increase due to our growing foreign operations; however, we do not currently intend to eliminate
all foreign currency transaction exposure.    Commodity Price Risk  
 Certain operating costs incurred by us are subject to price fluctuations caused by the volatility of underlying commodity prices. The
commodities most likely to have an impact on our results of operations in the event of price changes are electricity, supplies and equipment used in our IBX data centers. We closely monitor the cost of electricity at all of our locations. We have
entered into several power contracts to purchase power at fixed prices during 2014 and beyond in certain locations in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore and the United Kingdom.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, as we are building new, or expanding existing, IBX data centers, we are subject
to commodity price risk for building materials related to the construction of these IBX data centers, such as steel and copper. In addition, the lead-time to procure certain pieces of equipment, such as generators, is substantial. Any delays in
procuring the necessary pieces of equipment for the construction of our IBX data centers could delay the anticipated openings of these new IBX data centers and, as a result, increase the cost of these projects.  
 We do not currently employ forward contracts or other financial instruments to address commodity price risk other than the power
contracts discussed above.      
 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    The financial statements and supplementary data required by this Item 8 are listed in Item 15(a)(1) and begin at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 There is no disclosure to report pursuant to Item 9.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  
 Based on our evaluation under the framework in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992) , our management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2013.    The effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein on page F-1 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.      
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting are designed and operated to be effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial
reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or
mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.  
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
controls over financial reporting.      
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION    There
is no disclosure to report pursuant to Item 9B.    PART III  
   
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Equinix proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers and a Code of Business Conduct.
This information is incorporated by reference to the Equinix proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is also available on our website, www.equinix.com.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Equinix proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
     
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Equinix proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
     
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Equinix proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES    Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Equinix proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV  
   
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    (a)(1) Financial Statements:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 F-1 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
   
 F-2 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
   
 F-3 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
   
 F-4 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
(Loss) 
    
   
 F-5 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    
   
 F-6 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
   
 F-7 
    
   (a)(2) All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is
shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.    (a)(3) Exhibits:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 
    
   
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   Filing Date/ 
 Period End Date 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended to date. 
    
 10-K/A 
    
 12/31/02 
    
 3.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2 
    
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/14/11 
    
 3.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.3 
    
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/11/13 
    
 3.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.4 
    
 Certificate of Designation of Series A and Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. 
    
 10-K/A 
    
 12/31/02 
    
 3.3 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.5 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant.* 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1 
    
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2 
    
 Indenture dated September 26, 2007 by and between Equinix, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
    
 8-K 
    
 9/26/07 
    
 4.4 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3 
    
 Form of 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Note Due 2014 (see Exhibit 4.2). 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.4 
    
 Indenture dated June 12, 2009 by and between Equinix, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 4.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.5 
    
 Form of 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Note Due 2016 (see Exhibit 4.4). 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 
    
   
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   Filing Date/ 
 Period End Date 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.6 
    
 Indenture dated July 13, 2011 by and between Equinix, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
 7/13/11 
    
 4.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.7 
    
 Form of 7.00% Senior Note due 2021 (see Exhibit 4.6) 
    
 8-K 
    
 7/13/11 
    
 4.2 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.8 
    
 Indenture for the 2020 Notes dated March 5, 2013 by and between Equinix, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
 3/5/13 
    
 4.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.9 
    
 Form of 4.875% Senior Note due 2020 (see Exhibit 4.8) 
    
 8-K 
    
 3/5/13 
    
 4.2 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.10 
    
 Indenture for the 2023 Notes dated March 5, 2013 by and between Equinix, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee 
    
 8-K 
    
 3/5/13 
    
 4.3 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.11 
    
 Form of 5.375% Senior Note due 2023 (see Exhibit 4.10) 
    
 8-K 
    
 3/5/13 
    
 4.4 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its officers and directors. 
    
 S-4 (File No. 333-93749) 
    
 12/29/99 
    
 10.5 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.2 
    
 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/12 
    
 10.2 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3 
    
 2000 Director Option Plan, as amended. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/07 
    
 10.4 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
    
 2001 Supplemental Stock Plan, as amended. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/07 
    
 10.5 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5 
    
 Equinix, Inc. 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 
    
 S-8 (File No. 333-186873) 
    
 2/26/13 
    
 99.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.6 
    
 Severance Agreement by and between Stephen Smith and Equinix, Inc. dated December 18, 2008. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/08 
    
 10.31 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
    
 Severance Agreement by and between Peter Van Camp and Equinix, Inc. dated December 10, 2008. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/08 
    
 10.32 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8 
    
 Severance Agreement by and between Keith Taylor and Equinix, Inc. dated December 19, 2008. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/08 
    
 10.33 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
    
 Severance Agreement by and between Peter Ferris and Equinix, Inc. dated December 17, 2008. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/08 
    
 10.34 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
    
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Eric Schwartz and Equinix, Inc. dated December 19, 2008. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/08 
    
 10.35 
    
 
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 

    
   
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   Filing Date/ 
 Period End Date 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.11 
    
 Confirmation for Base Capped Call Transaction dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.12 
    
 Confirmation for Additional Capped Call Transaction dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.2 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.13 
    
 Master Terms and Conditions for Capped Call Transactions dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.3 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.14 
    
 Confirmation for Base Capped Call Transaction dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.4 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.15 
    
 Confirmation for Additional Capped Call Transaction dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.5 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.16 
    
 Master Terms and Conditions for Capped Call Transactions dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.6 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.17 
    
 Confirmation for Base Capped Call Transaction dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.7 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.18 
    
 Confirmation for Additional Capped Call Transaction dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.8 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.19 
    
 Master Terms and Conditions for Capped Call Transactions dated as of June 9, 2009 between Equinix, Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
    
 8-K 
    
 6/12/09 
    
 10.9 
    
 
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 

    
   
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   Filing Date/ 
 Period End Date 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.20 
    
 Switch & Data 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
    
 S-1/A (File No. 333-137607) filed by Switch & Data Facilities Company, Inc. 
    
 2/5/07 
    
 10.9 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.21 
    
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Charles Meyers and Equinix, Inc. dated September 30, 2010. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 9/30/10 
    
 10.42 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.22 
    
 Form of amendment to existing severance agreement between the Registrant and each of Messrs. Ferris, Meyers, Smith, Taylor and Van Camp. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/10 
    
 10.33 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.23 
    
 Letter amendment, dated December 14, 2010, to Change in Control Severance Agreement, dated December 18, 2008, and letter agreement relating to expatriate benefits, dated April 22,
2008, as amended, by and between the Registrant and Eric Schwartz. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/10 
    
 10.34 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.24 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for CEO and CFO. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/11 
    
 10.34 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.25 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for all other Section 16 officers. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/11 
    
 10.35 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.26 
    
 Form of 2012 Revenue/Adjusted EBITDA Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for CEO and CFO. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/12 
    
 10.38 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.27 
    
 Form of 2012 Revenue/Adjusted EBITDA Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for all other Section 16 officers. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/12 
    
 10.39 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.28 
    
 Form of 2012 TSR Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for CEO and CFO. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/12 
    
 10.40 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.29 
    
 Form of 2012 TSR Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for all other Section 16 officers. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/12 
    
 10.41 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.30 
    
 Credit Agreement, by and among Equinix, Inc., as borrower, Equinix Operating Co., Inc., Equinix Pacific, Inc., Switch & Data Facilities Company, Inc., Switch & Data
Holdings, Inc. and Equinix Services, Inc., as guarantors, the Lenders (defined therein), Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, a Lender and L/C issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent, the Co-Documentation
Agents (defined therein) and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as sole lead arranger and sole book manager, dated June 28, 2012. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 6/30/12 
    
 10.39 
    
 
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 

    
   
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   Filing Date/ 
 Period End Date 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.31 
    
 English Translation of Shareholders’ Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2012, among Equinix South America Holdings, LLC, RW Brasil Fundo de Investimento em
Participações, Sidney Victor da Costa Breyer and Antonio Eduardo Zago de Carvalho, and as intervening party, Alog Soluções de Tecnologia em Informática s.a., and, for the limited purposes set forth herein, Equinix,
Inc., Riverwood Capital L.P., Riverwood Capital Partners L.P., Riverwood Capital Partners (Parallel – A) L.P. and Riverwood Capital Partners (Parallel – B) L.P. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/12 
    
 10.39 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.32 
    
 Lease Agreement, by and between 271 Front Inc. and Equinix Canada Ltd., dated November 30, 2012. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/12 
    
 10.40 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.33 
    
 Indemnity Agreement, by Equinix, Inc. in favor of 271 Front Inc., dated November 30, 2012. 
    
 10-K 
    
 12/31/12 
    
 10.41 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.34 
    
 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among Equinix, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer thereunder, dated as of
February 27, 2013. 
    
 8-K 
    
 3/5/13 
    
 10.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.35 
    
 Offer Letter from Equinix, Inc. to Sara Baack dated July 31, 2012. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.42 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.36 
    
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Sara Baack under the Equinix, Inc. 2000 Equity Incentive Plan. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.43 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.37 
    
 Change in Control Severance Agreement by and between Sara Baack and Equinix, Inc. dated July 31, 2012. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.44 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.38 
    
 Equinix, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.45 
    
 
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 

    
   
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   Filing Date/ 
 Period End Date 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.39 
    
 Form of Revenue/Adjusted EBITDA Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for CEO and CFO. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.46 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.40 
    
 Form of Revenue/Adjusted EBITDA Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for all other Section 16 officers. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.47 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.41 
    
 Form of TSR Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for CEO and CFO. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.48 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.42 
    
 Form of TSR Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for all other Section 16 officers. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.49 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.43 
    
 Agreement to Develop and Lease, by and between Equinix Singapore Pte Ltd and Mapletree Industrial Trust, dated March 27, 2013. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 10.50 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.44 
    
 International Long-Term Assignment Letter by and between Equinix, Inc. and Eric Schwartz, dated May 21, 2013. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 6/30/13 
    
 10.51 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.45 
    
 Fourth Amendment, Consent, Limited Release and Substitution Agreement to Credit Agreement by and among Equinix, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as
Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer thereunder, dated as of May 31, 2013. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 6/30/13 
    
 10.52 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.46 
    
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among Equinix, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent and L/C Issuer thereunder, dated as of
September 26, 2013. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 9/30/13 
    
 10.53 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.47 
    
 Employment Agreement by and between Equinix (EMEA) B.V. and Eric Schwartz, dated as of August 7, 2013. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 9/30/13 
    
 10.54 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.48 
    
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement dated August 14, 2013 for Charles Meyers under the Equinix, Inc. 2000 Equity Incentive Plan. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 9/30/13 
    
 10.55 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 18.2 
    
 Preferable Accounting Principles Letter from Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, dated April 24, 2013. 
    
 10-Q 
    
 3/31/13 
    
 18.2 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 21.1 
    
 Subsidiaries of Equinix, Inc. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 23.1 
    
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 

    
   
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   Filing Date/ 
 Period End Date 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filed 
 Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.1 
    
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.2 
    
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.1 
    
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.2 
    
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
     
 
 
 * 
 Filed to correct a scribner’s error in previously-filed version.    (b) Exhibits.    See (a) (3) above.  
 (c) Financial Statement Schedule.    See (a) (2) above.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 16(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
   
 
   
   EQUINIX, INC.   (Registrant) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   February 28, 2014 
   
 
   
 By 
   
 /s/     STEPHEN M. SMITH         
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 Stephen M. Smith 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
   POWER OF ATTORNEY    KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Stephen M. Smith or Keith D. Taylor, or either of them, each with the power of substitution,
their  attorney-in-fact,  to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  (including
 post-effective  amendments), and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each
of said  attorneys-in-fact,  or their substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
    
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ STEPHEN M. SMITH 
 Stephen M. Smith 
    
   President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ KEITH D. TAYLOR 
 Keith D. Taylor 
    
   Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ PETER F. VAN CAMP 
 Peter F. Van Camp 
    
   Director 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ THOMAS A. BARTLETT 
 Thomas A. Bartlett 
    
   Director 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ GARY F. HROMADKO 
 Gary F. Hromadko 
    
   Director 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ SCOTT G. KRIENS 
 Scott G. Kriens 
    
   Director 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ WILLIAM K. LUBY 
 William K. Luby 
    
   Director 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ IRVING F. LYONS, III 
 Irving F. Lyons, III 
    
   Director 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ CHRISTOPHER B. PAISLEY 
 Christopher B. Paisley 
    
   Director 
    
 February 28, 2014 
 
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  INDEX TO EXHIBITS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit Number 
    
   Description of Document 


 
 
 
 
 3.5 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant.* 
 
 
 
 
 21.1 
    
 Subsidiaries of Equinix, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 23.1 
    
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
 
 
 31.1 
    
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
 31.2 
    
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
 32.1 
    
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
 32.2 
    
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101. PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document. 
     
 
 
 * 
 Filed to correct a scribner’s error in previously-filed version.  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
   To the Board of Directors and  
 Shareholders of Equinix, Inc.:  
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Equinix, Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for
these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.
Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.  
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.    /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP    San Jose, CA    February 28, 2014  
      F-1
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EQUINIX, INC.  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
  (in thousands, except share and per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 (as revised) 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 261,894 
    
   
 $ 
 252,213 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 369,808 
    
   
   
 166,492 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $6,640 and $3,716 
    
   
 184,840 
    
   
   
 163,840 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 72,118 
    
   
   
 57,547 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 888,660 
    
   
   
 640,092 
    
 
   Long-term investments 
    
   
 398,390 
    
   
   
 127,819 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 4,591,650 
    
   
   
 3,915,738 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,042,153 
    
   
   
 1,042,564 
    
 
   Intangible assets, net 
    
   
 184,182 
    
   
   
 201,562 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 387,324 
    
   
   
 208,022 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 7,492,359 
    
   
 $ 
 6,135,797 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 263,223 
    
   
 $ 
 268,853 
    
 
   Accrued property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 64,601 
    
   
   
 63,509 
    
 
   Current portion of capital lease and other financing obligations 
    
   
 17,214 
    
   
   
 15,206 
    
 
   Current portion of mortgage and loans payable 
    
   
 53,508 
    
   
   
 52,160 
    
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 147,958 
    
   
   
 149,344 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 546,504 
    
   
   
 549,072 
    
 
   Capital lease and other financing obligations, less current portion 
    
   
 914,032 
    
   
   
 545,853 
    
 
   Mortgage and loans payable, less current portion 
    
   
 199,700 
    
   
   
 188,802 
    
 
   Convertible debt 
    
   
 724,202 
    
   
   
 708,726 
    
 
   Senior notes 
    
   
 2,250,000 
    
   
   
 1,500,000 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 274,955 
    
   
   
 245,725 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 4,909,393 
    
   
   
 3,738,178 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable non-controlling interests (Note 11) 
    
   
 123,902 
    
   
   
 84,178 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Stockholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share; 100,000,000 shares authorized in 2013 and 2012; zero shares issued and outstanding
in 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Common stock, $0.001 par value per share; 300,000,000 shares authorized in 2013 and 2012; 50,233,224 issued and 49,589,008
outstanding in 2013 and 49,139,851 issued and 48,776,108 outstanding in 2012 
    
   
 50 
    
   
   
 49 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 2,693,887 
    
   
   
 2,582,238 
    
 
   Treasury stock, at cost; 644,216 shares in 2013 and 363,743 shares in 2012 
    
   
 (84,663 
 )  
   
   
 (36,676 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (113,767 
 )  
   
   
 (101,042 
 )  
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
   
 (36,443 
 )  
   
   
 (131,128 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 2,459,064 
    
   
   
 2,313,441 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests and stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 7,492,359 
    
   
 $ 
 6,135,797 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      F-2
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EQUINIX, INC.  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  
  (in thousands, except per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 (as revised) 
   
   
 2011 (as revised) 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 2,152,766 
    
   
 $ 
 1,887,376 
    
   
 $ 
 1,565,625 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Costs and operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of revenues 
    
   
 1,064,403 
    
   
   
 944,617 
    
   
   
 829,024 
    
 
   Sales and marketing 
    
   
 246,623 
    
   
   
 202,914 
    
   
   
 158,347 
    
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 374,790 
    
   
   
 328,266 
    
   
   
 265,554 
    
 
   Restructuring charges 
    
   
 (4,837 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,481 
    
 
   Impairment charges 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,861 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 10,855 
    
   
   
 8,822 
    
   
   
 3,297 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
    
   
 1,691,834 
    
   
   
 1,494,480 
    
   
   
 1,259,703 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 460,932 
    
   
   
 392,896 
    
   
   
 305,922 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3,387 
    
   
   
 3,466 
    
   
   
 2,280 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (248,792 
 )  
   
   
 (200,328 
 )  
   
   
 (181,303 
 )  
 
   Other income (expense) 
    
   
 5,253 
    
   
   
 (2,208 
 )  
   
   
 2,821 
    
 
   Loss on debt extinguishment 
    
   
 (108,501 
 )  
   
   
 (5,204 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
    
   
 112,279 
    
   
   
 188,622 
    
   
   
 129,720 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 (16,156 
 )  
   
   
 (58,564 
 )  
   
   
 (37,347 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from continuing operations 
    
   
 96,123 
    
   
   
 130,058 
    
   
   
 92,373 
    
 
   Discontinued operations, net of tax (Note 5): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income from discontinued operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,234 
    
   
   
 1,009 
    
 
   Gain on sale of discontinued operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,852 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 96,123 
    
   
   
 143,144 
    
   
   
 93,382 
    
 
   Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (1,438 
 )  
   
   
 (3,116 
 )  
   
   
 1,394 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Equinix 
    
 $ 
 94,685 
    
   
 $ 
 140,028 
    
   
 $ 
 94,776 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share (“EPS”) attributable to Equinix (Note 4): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic EPS from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 1.92 
    
   
 $ 
 2.65 
    
   
 $ 
 1.75 
    
 
   Basic EPS from discontinued operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 0.27 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Basic EPS 
    
 $ 
 1.92 
    
   
 $ 
 2.92 
    
   
 $ 
 1.77 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-average shares 
    
   
 49,438 
    
   
   
 48,004 
    
   
   
 46,956 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted EPS from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 1.89 
    
   
 $ 
 2.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.72 
    
 
   Diluted EPS from discontinued operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 0.25 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
 $ 
 1.89 
    
   
 $ 
 2.83 
    
   
 $ 
 1.74 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-average shares 
    
   
 50,116 
    
   
   
 51,816 
    
   
   
 47,898 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      F-3
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EQUINIX, INC.  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
  (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 (as revised) 
   
   
 2011 (as revised) 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 96,123 
    
   
 $ 
 143,144 
    
   
 $ 
 93,382 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
    
   
 (18,203 
 )  
   
   
 36,194 
    
   
   
 (38,776 
 )  
 
   Unrealized loss on available for sale securities 
    
   
 (298 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
 
   Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges 
    
   
 (1,750 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
    
   
 (20,251 
 )  
   
   
 36,171 
    
   
   
 (38,790 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income, net of tax 
    
   
 75,872 
    
   
   
 179,315 
    
   
   
 54,592 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (1,438 
 )  
   
   
 (3,116 
 )  
   
   
 1,394 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 7,526 
    
   
   
 6,485 
    
   
   
 7,110 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to Equinix 
    
 $ 
 81,960 
    
   
 $ 
 182,684 
    
   
 $ 
 63,096 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      F-4
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EQUINIX, INC.  
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 
  For the Three Years Ended December 31, 2013  
 (in thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common stock 
   
    
 Treasury stock 
   
   
 Additional paid-in capital
 
   
   
 Accumulated other 
 comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 Accumulated deficit 
 
   
   
 Total stockholders’ 
 equity 
   
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Balances as of December 31, 2010 (as revised) 
    
   
 46,166,689 
    
    
 $ 
 46 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 2,341,586 
    
   
 $ 
 (112,018 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (365,932 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,863,682 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 93,382 
    
   
   
 93,382 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,394 
    
   
   
 1,394 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (38,790 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (38,790 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,110 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,110 
    
 
   Issuance of common stock for employee equity awards 
    
   
 1,374,931 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 38,891 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 38,893 
    
 
   Common shares repurchased 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (870,421 
 )  
   
   
 (86,666 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (86,666 
 )  
 
   Change in redemption value of redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,476 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,476 
 )  
 
   Tax benefit from employee stock plans 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation, net of estimated forfeitures 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 68,541 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 68,541 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances as of December 31, 2011 (as revised) 
    
   
 47,541,620 
    
    
   
 48 
    
    
   
 (870,421 
 )  
   
   
 (86,666 
 )  
   
   
 2,437,623 
    
   
   
 (143,698 
 )  
   
   
 (271,156 
 )  
   
   
 1,936,151 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 143,144 
    
   
   
 143,144 
    
 
   Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3,116 
 )  
   
   
 (3,116 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 36,171 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 36,171 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,485 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,485 
    
 
   Issuance of common stock and release of treasury stock for employee equity awards 
    
   
 1,598,231 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 15,069 
   
   
   
 1,504 
   
   
   
 59,323 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 60,828 
    
 
   Release of treasury stock upon conversions of convertible debt 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 623,098 
   
   
   
 61,850 
   
   
   
 (61,838 
 ) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Common shares repurchased 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (131,489 
 )  
   
   
 (13,364 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (13,364 
 )  
 
   Change in redemption value of redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (21,270 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (21,270 
 )  
 
   Tax benefit from employee stock plans 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 84,740 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 84,740 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation, net of estimated forfeitures 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 83,660 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 83,660 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances as of December 31, 2012 (as revised) 
    
   
 49,139,851 
    
    
   
 49 
    
    
   
 (363,743 
 )  
   
   
 (36,676 
 )  
   
   
 2,582,238 
    
   
   
 (101,042 
 )  
   
   
 (131,128 
 )  
   
   
 2,313,441 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 96,123 
    
   
   
 96,123 
    
 
   Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,438 
 )  
   
   
 (1,438 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (20,251 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (20,251 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,526 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,526 
    
 
   Issuance of common stock and release of treasury stock for employee equity awards 
    
   
 1,093,373 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 8,198 
   
   
   
 805 
   
   
   
 31,087 
   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31,893 
    
 
   Release of treasury stock upon conversions of convertible debt 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 68 
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Common shares repurchased 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (288,739 
 )  
   
   
 (48,799 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48,799 
 )  
 
   Change in redemption value of redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (47,940 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (47,940 
 )  
 
   Tax benefit from employee stock plans 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,638 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,638 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation, net of estimated forfeitures 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 102,865 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 102,865 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances as of December 31, 2013 
    
   
 50,233,224 
    
    
 $ 
 50 
    
    
   
 (644,216 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (84,663 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,693,887 
    
   
 $ 
 (113,767 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (36,443 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,459,064 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      F-5
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EQUINIX, INC.  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
  (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 (as revised) 
   
   
 2011 (as revised) 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 96,123 
    
   
 $ 
 143,144 
    
   
 $ 
 93,382 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation 
    
   
 405,444 
    
   
   
 375,004 
    
   
   
 328,610 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation 
    
   
 102,940 
    
   
   
 83,025 
    
   
   
 71,532 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
    
   
 (27,330 
 )  
   
   
 (72,631 
 )  
   
   
 (81 
 )  
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
    
   
 27,027 
    
   
   
 23,575 
    
   
   
 19,064 
    
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discounts 
    
   
 23,868 
    
   
   
 23,365 
    
   
   
 32,172 
    
 
   Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 5,819 
    
   
   
 4,186 
    
   
   
 4,987 
    
 
   Restructuring charges (reversals) 
    
   
 (4,837 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,481 
    
 
   Impairment charges 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,861 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Loss on debt extinguishment 
    
   
 108,501 
    
   
   
 5,204 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Gain on sale of discontinued operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,852 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other items 
    
   
 11,543 
    
   
   
 7,001 
    
   
   
 9,866 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 (27,956 
 )  
   
   
 (26,601 
 )  
   
   
 (23,061 
 )  
 
   Income taxes, net 
    
   
 (108,189 
 )  
   
   
 24,089 
    
   
   
 24,761 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 (36,853 
 )  
   
   
 2,479 
    
   
   
 (32,091 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
   
 7,242 
    
   
   
 33,538 
    
   
   
 39,717 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 21,266 
    
   
   
 8,639 
    
   
   
 14,981 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 604,608 
    
   
   
 632,026 
    
   
   
 587,320 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchases of investments 
    
   
 (968,971 
 )  
   
   
 (442,870 
 )  
   
   
 (1,268,574 
 )  
 
   Sales of investments 
    
   
 276,351 
    
   
   
 362,266 
    
   
   
 125,674 
    
 
   Maturities of investments 
    
   
 213,484 
    
   
   
 579,855 
    
   
   
 495,865 
    
 
   Purchase of Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel 
    
   
 (50,092 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of Asia Tone, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 755 
    
   
   
 (202,338 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of ancotel, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (84,236 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of Dubai IBX data center 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (22,918 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of ALOG, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (41,954 
 )  
 
   Purchases of real estate 
    
   
 (74,332 
 )  
   
   
 (24,656 
 )  
   
   
 (28,066 
 )  
 
   Purchases of other property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (572,406 
 )  
   
   
 (764,500 
 )  
   
   
 (685,386 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of discontinued operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 76,458 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Increase in restricted cash 
    
   
 (837,190 
 )  
   
   
 (8,696 
 )  
   
   
 (97,724 
 )  
 
   Release of restricted cash 
    
   
 843,088 
    
   
   
 88,762 
    
   
   
 1,000 
    
 
   Other investing activities, net 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (1,169,313 
 )  
   
   
 (442,873 
 )  
   
   
 (1,499,155 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchases of treasury stock 
    
   
 (48,799 
 )  
   
   
 (13,364 
 )  
   
   
 (86,666 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from employee equity awards 
    
   
 31,892 
    
   
   
 56,137 
    
   
   
 38,893 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
    
   
 27,330 
    
   
   
 72,631 
    
   
   
 81 
    
 
   Proceeds from senior notes 
    
   
 1,500,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 750,000 
    
 
   Proceeds from loans payable 
    
   
 28,038 
    
   
   
 262,591 
    
   
   
 95,336 
    
 
   Repayment of senior notes 
    
   
 (750,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Repayment of convertible debt 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (250,007 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Repayment of mortgage and loans payable 
    
   
 (52,500 
 )  
   
   
 (329,111 
 )  
   
   
 (22,829 
 )  
 
   Repayment of capital lease and other financing obligations 
    
   
 (40,133 
 )  
   
   
 (12,378 
 )  
   
   
 (10,426 
 )  
 
   Debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (23,057 
 )  
   
   
 (9,220 
 )  
   
   
 (15,661 
 )  
 
   Debt extinguishment costs 
    
   
 (97,864 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
    
   
 574,907 
    
   
   
 (222,721 
 )  
   
   
 748,728 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (521 
 )  
   
   
 6,958 
    
   
   
 (911 
 )  
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 9,681 
    
   
   
 (26,610 
 )  
   
   
 (164,018 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 252,213 
    
   
   
 278,823 
    
   
   
 442,841 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 261,894 
    
   
 $ 
 252,213 
    
   
 $ 
 278,823 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental cash flow information: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid for taxes 
    
 $ 
 123,690 
    
   
 $ 
 36,711 
    
   
 $ 
 9,157 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash paid for interest 
    
 $ 
 210,629 
    
   
 $ 
 185,321 
    
   
 $ 
 129,129 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      F-6
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EQUINIX, INC.  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   

 
 
 1. 
 Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
  Nature of Business    Equinix, Inc. (“Equinix” or the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on June 22, 1998. Equinix provides colocation space and related services. Global enterprises, content
providers, financial companies and network service providers rely upon Equinix’s insight and expertise to safehouse and connect their most valued information assets. The Company operates International Business Exchange (“IBX”)
data centers, or IBX data centers, across 32 markets in the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”) and Asia-Pacific geographic regions where customers directly interconnect with a network ecosystem of partners and customers.
More than 975 network service providers offer access to the world’s Internet routes inside the Company’s IBX data centers. This access to Internet routes provides Equinix customers improved reliability and streamlined connectivity while
significantly reducing costs by reaching a critical mass of networks within a centralized physical location.    In September
2012, the Company announced that its board of directors approved a plan to pursue conversion to a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) (the “REIT Conversion”). The Company plans to make a tax election for REIT status for the
taxable year beginning January 1, 2015.    Basis of Presentation, Consolidation and Foreign Currency  
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Equinix and its subsidiaries, including the acquisition of
Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel from October 1, 2013, the alliance with Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC (“du”) from November 9, 2012, the acquisitions of Asia Tone Limited (“Asia Tone”) from
July 4, 2012, ancotel GmbH (“ancotel”) from July 3, 2012 and ALOG Data Centers do Brasil S.A. and its subsidiaries (“ALOG”) from April 25, 2011. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. Foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions, including intercompany foreign currency transactions, that are anticipated to be repaid within the foreseeable future, are reported within
other income (expense) on the Company’s accompanying consolidated statements of operations. For additional information on the impact of foreign currencies to the Company’s consolidated financial statements, see “Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss)” in Note 12 below.    Reclassifications  
 Certain amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the consolidated financial
statement presentation as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013.    Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to the allowance for doubtful accounts, fair values of
financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, assets acquired and liabilities assumed from acquisitions, asset retirement obligations, restructuring charges, redemption
value of redeemable non-controlling interests and income taxes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable.  
      F-7
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Discontinued Operations  
 Assets and liabilities to be disposed of that meet all of the criteria to be classified as held for sale as set forth in the accounting
standard for impairment or disposal of long-lived assets are reported at the lower of their carrying amounts or fair values less costs to sell. Assets are not depreciated or amortized while they are classified as held for sale. Assets and
liabilities held for sale that have operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the Company’s assets and liabilities are reported in discontinued operations
when (a) it is determined that the operations and cash flows will be eliminated from the Company’s continuing operations and (b) the Company will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the assets and
liabilities after the disposal transaction.    The Company’s consolidated statements of operations have been reclassified
to reflect its discontinued operations for all periods presented. For further information on the Company’s discontinued operations, see Note 5.    Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term and Long-Term Investments    The
Company considers all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity from the date of purchase of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist of money market mutual funds and highly liquid debt securities of
corporations, certificates of deposit and commercial paper with original maturities up to 90 days. Short-term investments generally consist of securities with original maturities of between 90 days and one year and are money market mutual funds,
highly liquid debt securities of corporations, agencies of the U.S. government and the U.S. government, asset-backed securities, commercial paper and certificates of deposit. Long-term investments generally consist of debt securities of
corporations, agencies of the U.S. government, the U.S. government, commercial paper and asset-backed securities with maturities greater than 360 days. The Company’s fixed income securities are classified as “available-for-sale” and
are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported in stockholders’ equity as a component of other comprehensive income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. The Company reviews its
investment portfolio quarterly to determine if any securities may be other-than-temporarily impaired due to increased credit risk, changes in industry or sector of a certain instrument or ratings downgrades.  
 Financial Instruments and Concentration of Credit Risk    Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments and accounts receivable. Risks
associated with cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments are mitigated by the Company’s investment policy, which limits the Company’s investing to only those marketable securities rated at least A-1/P-1 and A-/A3, as
determined by independent credit rating agencies. Risk to the Company’s investment portfolio is further mitigated by its heavy weighting in U.S. government securities.    A significant portion of the Company’s customer base is comprised of businesses throughout the Americas. However, a portion of the Company’s revenues are derived from the Company’s EMEA and
Asia-Pacific operations. The following table sets forth percentages of the Company’s revenues by geographic region for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Americas 
    
   
 59 
 %  
   
   
 61 
 %  
   
   
 63 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   No single customer accounted for greater than 10% of accounts receivable or revenues as of or for the
years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.  
      F-8
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Property, Plant and Equipment  
 Property, plant and equipment are stated at the Company’s original cost or fair value for acquired property, plant and equipment.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. Leasehold improvements and assets acquired under capital leases are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated
useful life of the asset or improvement, unless they are considered integral equipment, in which case they are amortized over the lease term. Leasehold improvements acquired in a business combination are amortized over the shorter of the useful life
of the assets or a term that includes required lease periods and renewals that are deemed to be reasonably assured at the date of acquisition. Leasehold improvements that are placed into service significantly after and not contemplated at or near
the beginning of the lease term are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the assets or a term that includes required lease periods and renewals that are deemed to be reasonably assured at the date the leasehold improvements are
purchased.    The Company’s estimated useful lives of its property, plant and equipment are as follows (in years):
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
   IBX plant and machinery 
    
 5 - 30 
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
 10 - 40 
 
   Buildings (1) 
    
 10 - 50 
 
   IBX equipment 
    
 2.5 - 10 
 
   Computer equipment and software 
    
 3 - 5 
 
   Furniture and fixtures 
    
 7 - 10 
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Includes site improvements.  
 Effective December 31, 2013, the Company reclassified its site improvements into buildings (see “Property, Plant and
Equipment” in Note 6).    During the three months ended December 31, 2012, the Company reassessed the estimated useful
lives of certain of its property, plant and equipment as part of a review of the related assumptions. This change was accounted for as a change in accounting estimate on a prospective basis effective October 1, 2012 under the accounting
standard for change in accounting estimates. As a result, the Company recorded less depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2012, which resulted in the following increases (in thousands, except per share amounts):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Income from operations 
    
 $ 
 4,968 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 3,428 
    
 
   Earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 0.07 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 0.07 
    
   The Company’s construction in progress includes direct and indirect expenditures for the
construction and expansion of IBX data centers and is stated at original cost. The Company has contracted out substantially all of the construction and expansion efforts of its IBX data centers to independent contractors under construction
contracts. Construction in progress includes costs incurred under construction contracts including project management services, engineering and schematic design services, design development, construction services and other construction-related fees
and services. In addition, the Company has capitalized interest costs during the construction phase. Once an IBX data center or expansion project becomes operational, these capitalized costs are allocated to certain property, plant and equipment
categories and are depreciated over the estimated useful life of the underlying assets.  
      F-9
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Asset Retirement Costs  
 The fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recognized in the period in which it is incurred. The associated
retirement costs are capitalized and included as part of the carrying value of the long-lived asset and amortized over the useful life of the asset. Subsequent to the initial measurement, the Company accretes the liability in relation to the asset
retirement obligations over time and the accretion expense is recorded as a cost of revenue. The Company’s asset retirement obligations are primarily related to its IBX data centers, of which the majority are leased under long-term
arrangements, and, in certain cases, are required to be returned to the landlords in their original condition. The majority of the Company’s IBX data center leases have been subject to significant development by the Company in order to convert
them from, in most cases, vacant buildings or warehouses into IBX data centers. The majority of the Company’s IBX data centers’ initial lease terms expire at various dates ranging from 2015 to 2053 and most of them enable the Company to
extend the lease terms.    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
 The Company has three reportable segments comprised of the 1) Americas, 2) EMEA and 3) Asia-Pacific geographic regions, which the Company
also determined are its reporting units. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had goodwill attributable to its Americas reporting unit, EMEA reporting unit and Asia-Pacific reporting unit.  
 In September 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”)
2011-08, Testing Goodwill for Impairment. This ASU provides companies with the option to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If,
after assessing the qualitative factors, a company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. However, if
a company concludes otherwise, then it is required to perform the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then a company is required to perform the second step of
the two-step goodwill impairment test. This guidance is effective for goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2011, with early adoption permitted. The Company early adopted this standard during the
fourth quarter of 2011.    The Company performed the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test for its Americas
reporting unit, EMEA reporting unit and Asia-Pacific reporting unit during the year ended December 31, 2013. In order to determine the fair value of each reporting unit, the Company utilizes the discounted cash flow and market methods. The
Company has consistently utilized both methods in its goodwill impairment tests and weighs both results equally. The Company uses both methods in its goodwill impairment tests as it believes both methods, in conjunction with each other, provide
a reasonable estimate of the determination of fair value of each reporting unit – the discounted cash flow method being specific to anticipated future results of the reporting unit and the market method, which is based on the Company’s
market sector including its competitors. The assumptions supporting the discounted cash flow method, including the discount rate, which was assumed to be 10.0% for the Americas reporting unit and EMEA reporting unit and 13.0% for the Asia-Pacific
reporting unit, was determined using the Company’s best estimates as of the date of the impairment review. As of November 30, 2013, the Company concluded that its goodwill attributed to the Company’s Americas reporting unit, EMEA
reporting unit and Asia-Pacific reporting unit was not impaired as the fair value of each reporting unit substantially exceeded the carrying value of its respective reporting unit, including goodwill. In addition, the Company concluded that no
events occurred or circumstances changed subsequent to November 30, 2013 through December 31, 2013 that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific reporting units below its carrying value. The
Company has performed various sensitivity analyses on certain of the assumptions used in the discounted cash flow method, such as forecasted revenues and discount rate, and notes that no reasonably possible changes would reduce the fair value of the
reporting unit to such a level that would cause an impairment charge.    Impairment assessments inherently involve judgment as
to assumptions about expected future cash flows and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. Future events and changing market conditions may impact the Company’s assumptions as to prices, costs, growth rates or other factors that
may result in changes in the Company’s estimates of future cash flows. Although the Company believes the assumptions it used in testing for impairment are reasonable, significant changes in any one of the Company’s assumptions could
produce a significantly different result. Indicators of potential impairment that might lead the Company to perform interim goodwill impairment assessments include significant and unforeseen customer losses, a significant adverse change in legal
factors or in the business climate, a significant adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant stock price decline or unanticipated competition.  
      F-10
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  For further information on goodwill and other intangible assets, see Note 6 below.
   Derivatives and Hedging Activities    The Company recognizes all derivatives on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the value of a derivative depends on whether the contract is for trading purposes or
has been designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. In order to qualify for hedge accounting, a derivative must be considered highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. In order for a derivative to be
designated as a hedge, there must be documentation of the risk management objective and strategy, including identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item and the risk exposure, and how effectiveness is to be assessed prospectively and
retrospectively. Foreign currency gains or losses associated with derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recorded within other income (expense), net in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations, with the exception of
foreign currency embedded derivatives contained in certain of the Company’s customer contracts (see “Revenue Recognition” below), which are recorded within revenues in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
   To assess effectiveness of derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting, the Company uses a regression analysis. The extent
to which a hedging instrument has been and is expected to continue to be effective at achieving offsetting changes in cash flows is assessed and documented at least quarterly. Any ineffectiveness is reported in current-period earnings. If it is
determined that a derivative is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is discontinued. For qualifying cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in other
comprehensive income (loss) and recognized in the consolidated statements of operations when the hedged cash flows affect earnings. The ineffective portion of cash flow hedges are immediately recognized in earnings. If the hedge relationship is
terminated, then the change in fair value of the derivative recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) is recognized in earnings when the cash flows that were hedged occur, consistent with the original hedge strategy. For hedge relationships
discontinued because the forecasted transaction is not expected to occur according to the original strategy, any related derivative amounts recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) are immediately recognized in earnings. The Company does not
use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes.    For further information on derivatives and hedging activities, see Note
7 below.    Fair Value of Financial Instruments    The carrying value of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments represent their fair value, while the Company’s accounts receivable, accounts payable and
accrued expenses and accrued property, plant and equipment approximate their fair value due primarily to the short-term maturity of the related instruments. The fair value of the Company’s debt, which is traded in the public debt market, is
based on quoted market prices. The fair value of the Company’s debt, which is not publicly traded, is estimated by considering the Company’s credit rating, current rates available to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities
and terms of the debt.    Fair Value Measurements    The Company measures and reports certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, including its investments in money market funds and available-for-sale debt investments in
other public companies, governmental units and other agencies and derivatives.    The Company also follows the accounting
standard for the measurement of fair value for nonfinancial assets and liabilities on a nonrecurring basis. These include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities initially measured at fair value in a business combination or other new basis event, but not
measured at fair value in subsequent reporting periods;  
      F-11
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Reporting units and non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities measured at fair value for goodwill impairment test;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Indefinite-lived intangible assets measured at fair value for impairment assessment;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Non-financial long-lived assets or asset groups measured at fair value for impairment assessment or disposal; 
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Asset retirement obligations initially measured at fair value but not subsequently measured at fair value; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Non-financial liabilities associated with exit or disposal activities initially measured at fair value but not subsequently measured at fair value.
   For further information on fair value measurements, see Note 8 below.  
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets    The Company reviews its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable such as a significant decrease in
market price of a long-lived asset, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate that could affect the value of a long-lived asset or a continuous deterioration of the Company’s financial condition. Recoverability of assets
to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated discounted future cash
flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.    During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company determined that the fair values of certain long-lived assets in two properties were lower than their carrying values. As a result, the Company
recorded impairment charges totaling $9,861,000 in the Americas and Asia-Pacific regions comprised of $7,029,000 of property, plant and equipment and $2,832,000 of intangible assets. The Company did not record any impairment charges related to its
long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2011.    Revenue Recognition  
 Equinix derives more than 90% of its revenues from recurring revenue streams, consisting primarily of (1) colocation, which includes
the licensing of cabinet space and power; (2) interconnection offerings, such as cross connects and Equinix Exchange ports; (3) managed infrastructure services and (4) other revenues consisting of rental income from tenants or
subtenants. The remainder of the Company’s revenues are from non-recurring revenue streams, such as from the recognized portion of deferred installation revenues, professional services, contract settlements and equipment sales. Revenues from
recurring revenue streams are generally billed monthly and recognized ratably over the term of the contract, generally one to three years for IBX data center space customers. Non-recurring installation fees, although generally paid in a lump sum
upon installation, are deferred and recognized ratably over the expected life of the installation. Professional service fees are recognized in the period in which the services were provided and represent the culmination of a separate earnings
process as long as they meet the criteria for separate recognition under the accounting standard related to revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables. Revenue from bandwidth and equipment sales is recognized on a gross basis in accordance with
the accounting standard related to reporting revenue gross as a principal versus net as an agent, primarily because the Company acts as the principal in the transaction, takes title to products and services and bears inventory and credit risk. To
the extent the Company does not meet the criteria for recognizing bandwidth and equipment services as gross revenue, the Company records the revenue on a net basis. Revenue from contract settlements, when a customer wishes to terminate their
contract early, is generally recognized on a cash basis, when no remaining performance obligations exist, to the extent that the revenue has not previously been recognized.    The Company occasionally guarantees certain service levels, such as uptime, as outlined in individual customer contracts. To the extent that these service levels are not achieved, the Company reduces
revenue for any credits given to the customer as a result. The Company generally has the ability to determine such service level credits prior to the associated revenue being recognized, and historically, these credits have generally not been
significant. There were no significant service level credits issued during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.  
      F-12
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Revenue is recognized only when the service has been provided and when there is
persuasive evidence of an arrangement, the fee is fixed or determinable and collection of the receivable is reasonably assured. It is the Company’s customary business practice to obtain a signed master sales agreement and sales order prior to
recognizing revenue in an arrangement. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are reported on a net basis and are excluded from revenue.    As a result of certain customer agreements being priced in currencies different from the functional currencies of the parties involved, under applicable accounting rules, the Company is deemed to have
foreign currency forward contracts embedded in these contracts. The Company refers to these as foreign currency embedded derivatives (see Note 7). These instruments are separated from their host contracts and held on the Company’s consolidated
balance sheet at their fair value. The majority of these foreign currency embedded derivatives arise in certain of the Company’s subsidiaries where the local currency is the subsidiary’s functional currency and the customer contract is
denominated in the U.S. dollar. Changes in their fair values are recognized within revenues in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.    The Company assesses collectability based on a number of factors, including past transaction history with the customer and the credit-worthiness of the customer. The Company generally does not request
collateral from its customers although in certain cases the Company obtains a security interest in a customer’s equipment placed in its IBX data centers or obtains a deposit. If the Company determines that collection of a fee is not reasonably
assured, the fee is deferred and revenue is recognized at the time collection becomes reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash. In addition, the Company also maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses
resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments for which the Company had expected to collect the revenues. If the financial condition of the Company’s customers were to deteriorate or if they became insolvent, resulting
in an impairment of their ability to make payments, greater allowances for doubtful accounts may be required. Management specifically analyzes accounts receivable and current economic news and trends, historical bad debts, customer concentrations,
customer credit-worthiness and changes in customer payment terms when evaluating revenue recognition and the adequacy of the Company’s reserves. A specific bad debt reserve of up to the full amount of a particular invoice value is provided for
certain problematic customer balances. An additional reserve is established for all other accounts based on the age of the invoices and an analysis of historical credits issued. Delinquent account balances are written-off after management has
determined that the likelihood of collection is not probable.    Income Taxes  
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that
includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts that are expected more likely than not to be realized in the future. A tax benefit from an uncertain income tax position
may be recognized in the financial statements only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable, based solely on its technical merits and consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s widely understood administrative
practices and precedents.    The REIT conversion, expected to be effective as of January 1, 2015, will not be considered a
change in tax status for the Company’s U.S. operations. Rather, the effect of the REIT conversion will be reflected in the Company’s consolidated statement of operations in the period that includes the date the Company completes all
significant actions necessary to qualify as a REIT, signifying its commitment to that course of action.    The Company
recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax benefit (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations.  
      F-13
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date for all stock-based awards made to employees and directors based on the fair
value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period.    The
Company grants restricted stock units to its employees and these equity awards generally have only a service condition. The Company grants restricted stock units to its executives and these awards generally have a service and performance condition
or a service and market condition. To date, any performance conditions contained in an equity award are tied to the financial performance of the Company or a specific region of the Company. The Company assesses the probability of meeting these
performance conditions on a quarterly basis. The majority of the Company’s equity awards vest over four years, although certain of the equity awards for executives vest over a range of two to four years. The valuation of restricted stock units
with only a service condition or a service and performance condition requires no significant assumptions as the fair value for these types of equity awards is based solely on the fair value of the Company’s stock price on the date of grant. The
Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation option-pricing model to determine the fair value of restricted stock units with a service and market condition.    To the extent that the Company grants stock options to its employees, it uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options. The Company also uses Black-Scholes
option-pricing model to determine the fair value of its employee stock purchase plan. The determination of the fair value of stock options or shares purchased under the employee stock purchase plan is affected by assumptions regarding a number of
complex and subjective variables including the Company’s expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and actual and projected employee stock option exercise or purchase behaviors. The Company estimated the expected volatility by
using the average historical volatility of its common stock that it believed was the best representative of future volatility. The risk-free interest rate used was based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to the
expected term of the equity awards. The expected dividend rate used was zero as the Company did not anticipate paying dividends. The expected term of the equity award used was calculated by taking the average of the vesting or purchase window term
and the contractual term of the equity award.    The accounting standard for stock-based compensation does not allow the
recognition of unrealized tax benefits associated with the tax deductions in excess of the compensation recorded (excess tax benefit) until the excess tax benefit is realized (i.e., reduces taxes payable). The Company recognizes the benefit from
stock-based compensation in equity when the excess tax benefit is realized by following the “with-and-without” approach.    For further information on stock-based compensation, see Note 13 below.    Foreign Currency
Translation    The financial position of foreign subsidiaries is translated using the exchange rates in effect at the end
of the period, while income and expense items are translated at average rates of exchange during the period. Gains or losses from translation of foreign operations where the local currency is the functional currency are included as other
comprehensive income (loss). The net gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are recorded in net income (loss) in the period incurred and reported within other income and expense. Certain inter-company balances are designated
as long-term. Accordingly, exchange gains and losses associated with these long-term inter-company balances are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), along with translation adjustments. How the U.S. dollar performs against
certain of the currencies of the foreign countries in which the Company operates can have a significant impact to the Company. Strengthening and weakening of the U.S. dollar against theses currencies has significantly impacted the Company’s
consolidated balance sheets (as evidenced in the Company’s foreign currency translation loss), as well as its consolidated statements of operations as amounts denominated in foreign currencies can increase or decrease the Company’s
revenues and expenses. To the extent that the U.S. dollar strengthens or weakens further, this will continue to impact the Company’s consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations including the amount of revenue that the
Company reports in future periods.  
      F-14
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Earnings Per Share  
 The Company computes its EPS using the two-class method as prescribed by the accounting standard for earnings per share. The two-class
method is an earnings allocation method for computing EPS when an entity’s capital structure includes either two or more classes of common stock or includes common stock and participating securities. The two-class method calculates EPS based on
distributed earnings (i.e., adjustments to redeemable non-controlling interests) and undistributed earnings. Undistributed losses are not allocated to participating securities under the two-class method unless the participating security has a
contractual obligation to share in losses on a basis that is objectively determinable. Common shares of ALOG (see Note 3) are considered participating securities in which the Company has indirect controlling equity interests.  
 Basic EPS is computed using net income (loss) attributable to the Company and the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding.
Diluted EPS is computed using net income attributable to the Company, adjusted for interest expense as a result of the assumed conversion of the Company’s 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes, 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes and 4.75%
Convertible Subordinated Notes, if dilutive, and the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus any dilutive potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive potential common shares include the assumed exercise, vesting and issuance
activity of employee equity awards using the treasury stock method, as well as warrants and shares issuable upon the conversion of the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes, 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes and 4.75% Convertible Subordinated
Notes. The Company computes basic and diluted EPS for net income (loss) attributable to the Company, net income (loss) from continuing operations and net income (loss) from discontinued operations.  
 Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests    Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries that are redeemable for cash or other assets outside of the Company’s control are classified as mezzanine equity, outside of equity and liabilities, and are
adjusted to fair value on each balance sheet date. The resulting changes in fair value of the estimated redemption amount, increases or decreases, are recorded with corresponding adjustments against retained earnings or, in the absence of retained
earnings, additional paid-in-capital.    For further information on redeemable non-controlling interests, see Note 11 below.
   Treasury Stock    The Company accounts for treasury stock under the cost method. When treasury stock is re-issued at a higher price than its cost, the difference is recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital to
the extent that there are gains to offset the losses. If there are no treasury stock gains in additional paid-in capital, the losses are recorded as a component of accumulated deficit.    Recent Accounting Pronouncements    In December 2011, the FASB issued
ASU 2011-11, Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. This ASU requires companies to disclose both gross information and net information about instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position
and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. In January 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-01, clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. This ASU clarifies that
the scope of ASU 2011-11 only applies to derivatives accounted for in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions. This new guidance is effective for interim and annual periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2013 and retrospective disclosure is required for all comparative periods presented. During the three months ended March 31, 2013, the Company adopted these ASUs and their adoption did not have a
material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
      F-15
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  In February 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-02, Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. This ASU requires companies to report the effect of significant reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line items in net income when applicable or to cross-reference
the reclassifications with other disclosures that provide additional detail about the reclassification made when the reclassifications are not made to net income. This ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods, beginning after
December 15, 2012. During the three months ended March 31, 2013, the Company adopted ASU 2013-02 and the adoption did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements since the Company did not have material
reclassifications in any periods presented.    In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-11, Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax
Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists. This ASU requires companies to present an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion thereof, as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net
operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward. To the extent a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward, is not available at the reporting date under the applicable tax law or
an entity does not intend to use its deferred tax asset for such purpose, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented as a liability and not a reduction to deferred tax assets. This ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2013 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this standard will have to its consolidated financial statements, if any.  
   

 
 
 2. 
 Change In Accounting Principle and Revision of Previously-Issued Financial Statements  
  Change in Accounting Principle    Commencing in 2013, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes by excluding the effects of subsequent events that are not recognized in the Company’s consolidated financial
statements in determining its estimated annual effective tax rate for interim reporting periods. Prior to the change, the Company’s policy was to include the effects of events that occurred subsequent to the interim balance sheet date in
its estimated annual effective tax rate. The Company believes that the change is preferable as it provides consistency with the reporting of activity on a pre-tax basis and aligns with other income tax guidance which requires items such as changes
in tax rates to be reflected in the period such laws become effective. In addition, the Company believes this change results in a more comparable method for interim tax accounting with other companies in its industry. This change did not have a
significant impact to the Company’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2012, the three and six months ended June 30, 2012, the three and nine months ended September 30, 2012 and the
year ended December 31, 2012 and as a result, the Company did not retrospectively adjust its prior periods’ consolidated financial statements.   Revision of Previously-Issued Financial Statements    During the three
months ended June 30, 2013, the Company reassessed the estimated period over which revenue related to non-recurring installation fees is recognized as a result of observed trends in customer contract lives. Non-recurring installation fees,
although generally paid in a lump sum upon installation, are deferred and recognized ratably over the expected life of the installation. The Company undertook this review due to its determination that its customers were generally benefitting from
their installations longer than originally anticipated and, therefore, the estimated period that revenue related to non-recurring installation fees is recognized was extended. This change was originally incorrectly accounted for as a change in
accounting estimate on a prospective basis effective April 1, 2013. During the three months ended September 30, 2013, the Company determined that these longer lives should have been identified and utilized for revenue recognition purposes
beginning in 2006. As a result, the Company’s installation revenues were overstated by $6,193,000 and $3,460,000 for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. This error did not impact the Company’s reported total cash
flows from operating activities.    The Company assessed the effect of the above errors, as well as the previously-identified
immaterial errors described below, individually and in the aggregate on prior periods’ financial statements in accordance with the SEC’s Staff Accounting Bulletins No. 99 and 108 and, based on an analysis of quantitative and
qualitative factors, determined that the errors were not individually material to any of the Company’s prior interim and annual financial statements and, therefore, the previously-issued financial statements could continue to be relied upon and
that the amendment of previously filed reports with the SEC was not required. The Company also determined that correction of the cumulative amount of the errors of $27,170,000 as of December 31, 2012 would be material to the projected 2013
consolidated financial statements and as such the Company revised its previously-issued consolidated financial statements.  
      F-16
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  As the Company revised its previously-issued consolidated financial
statements as described above, as part of the revision the Company also corrected certain previously-identified immaterial errors that were either uncorrected or corrected in a period subsequent to the period in which the error originated
including (i) certain recoverable taxes in Brazil that were incorrectly recorded in the Company’s statements of operations, which had the effect of overstating both revenues and cost of revenues; (ii) errors related to certain foreign
currency embedded derivatives in Asia-Pacific, which have an effect on revenue; (iii) an error in the Company’s statement of cash flows related to the acquisition of Asia Tone Limited (“Asia Tone”) that affects both cash flows
from operating and investing activities; and (iv) errors in depreciation, stock-based compensation and property tax accruals in the U.S.    All financial information contained in the accompanying footnotes to these consolidation financial statements has been revised to reflect the correction of these errors.  
 For the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company revised its net income in its consolidated statement of comprehensive
income and its consolidated statement of stockholders’ equity and other comprehensive income as a result of the correction of these errors.  
      F-17
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table presents the effect of the aforementioned revision on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2012 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As Revised 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 252,213 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 252,213 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 166,492 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 166,492 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 163,840 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 163,840 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 57,206 
    
   
   
 341 
    
   
   
 57,547 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 639,751 
    
   
   
 341 
    
   
   
 640,092 
    
 
   Long-term investments 
    
   
 127,819 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 127,819 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 3,918,999 
    
   
   
 (3,261 
 )  
   
   
 3,915,738 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,042,564 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,042,564 
    
 
   Intangible assets, net 
    
   
 201,562 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 201,562 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 202,269 
    
   
   
 5,753 
    
   
   
 208,022 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 6,132,964 
    
   
 $ 
 2,833 
    
   
 $ 
 6,135,797 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 268,853 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 268,853 
    
 
   Accrued property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 63,509 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 63,509 
    
 
   Current portion of capital lease and other financing obligations 
    
   
 15,206 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 15,206 
    
 
   Current portion of mortgage and loans payable 
    
   
 52,160 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 52,160 
    
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 139,561 
    
   
   
 9,783 
    
   
   
 149,344 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 539,289 
    
   
   
 9,783 
    
   
   
 549,072 
    
 
   Capital lease and other financing obligations, less current portion 
    
   
 545,853 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 545,853 
    
 
   Mortgage and loans payable, less current portion 
    
   
 188,802 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 188,802 
    
 
   Convertible debt 
    
   
 708,726 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 708,726 
    
 
   Senior notes 
    
   
 1,500,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,500,000 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 230,843 
    
   
   
 14,882 
    
   
   
 245,725 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 3,713,513 
    
   
   
 24,665 
    
   
   
 3,738,178 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 84,178 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 84,178 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common stock 
    
   
 49 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 49 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 2,583,371 
    
   
   
 (1,133 
 )  
   
   
 2,582,238 
    
 
   Treasury stock 
    
   
 (36,676 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (36,676 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (101,042 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (101,042 
 )  
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
   
 (110,429 
 )  
   
   
 (20,699 
 )  
   
   
 (131,128 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 2,335,273 
    
   
   
 (21,832 
 )  
   
   
 2,313,441 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests and stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 6,132,964 
    
   
 $ 
 2,833 
    
   
 $ 
 6,135,797 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets and
amortization of stock-based compensation expense.  
      F-18
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table presents the effect of the aforementioned revisions on the
Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 (in thousands, except per share data):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,895,744 
    
   
 $ 
 (8,368 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,887,376 
    
 
   Costs and operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of revenues 
    
   
 943,995 
    
   
   
 622 
    
   
   
 944,617 
    
 
   Sales and marketing 
    
   
 202,914 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 202,914 
    
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 329,399 
    
   
   
 (1,133 
 )  
   
   
 328,266 
    
 
   Impairment charges 
    
   
 9,861 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,861 
    
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 8,822 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,822 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
    
   
 1,494,991 
    
   
   
 (511 
 )  
   
   
 1,494,480 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 400,753 
    
   
   
 (7,857 
 )  
   
   
 392,896 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3,466 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,466 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (200,328 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (200,328 
 )  
 
   Other expense 
    
   
 (2,208 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,208 
 )  
 
   Loss on debt extinguishment 
    
   
 (5,204 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,204 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
    
   
 196,479 
    
   
   
 (7,857 
 )  
   
   
 188,622 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 (61,783 
 )  
   
   
 3,219 
    
   
   
 (58,564 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from continuing operations 
    
   
 134,696 
    
   
   
 (4,638 
 )  
   
   
 130,058 
    
 
   Discontinued operations, net of tax (Note 5): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income from discontinued operations 
    
   
 1,234 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,234 
    
 
   Gain on sale of discontinued operations 
    
   
 11,852 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,852 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 147,782 
    
   
   
 (4,638 
 )  
   
   
 143,144 
    
 
   Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (3,116 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3,116 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Equinix 
    
 $ 
 144,666 
    
   
 $ 
 (4,638 
 )  
   
 $ 
 140,028 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share (“EPS”) attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic EPS from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 2.74 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.09 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2.65 
    
 
   Basic EPS 
    
   
 3.01 
    
   
   
 (0.09 
 )  
   
   
 2.92 
    
 
   Diluted EPS from continuing operations 
    
   
 2.67 
    
   
   
 (0.09 
 )  
   
   
 2.58 
    
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
   
 2.92 
    
   
   
 (0.09 
 )  
   
   
 2.83 
    
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets, recoverable
taxes, amortization of stock-based compensation expense and embedded derivatives.  
      F-19
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year ended December 31, 2011 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,569,784 
    
   
 $ 
 (4,159 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,565,625 
    
 
   Costs and operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of revenues 
    
   
 833,851 
    
   
   
 (4,827 
 )  
   
   
 829,024 
    
 
   Sales and marketing 
    
   
 158,347 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 158,347 
    
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 265,554 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 265,554 
    
 
   Restructuring charges 
    
   
 3,481 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,481 
    
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 3,297 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,297 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
    
   
 1,264,530 
    
   
   
 (4,827 
 )  
   
   
 1,259,703 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 305,254 
    
   
   
 668 
    
   
   
 305,922 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 2,280 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,280 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (181,303 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (181,303 
 )  
 
   Other income 
    
   
 2,821 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,821 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
    
   
 129,052 
    
   
   
 668 
    
   
   
 129,720 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 (37,451 
 )  
   
   
 104 
    
   
   
 (37,347 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from continuing operations 
    
   
 91,601 
    
   
   
 772 
    
   
   
 92,373 
    
 
   Discontinued operations, net of tax (Note 5): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income from discontinued operations 
    
   
 1,009 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,009 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 92,610 
    
   
   
 772 
    
   
   
 93,382 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 1,394 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,394 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Equinix 
    
 $ 
 94,004 
    
   
 $ 
 772 
    
   
 $ 
 94,776 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share (“EPS”) attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic EPS from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 1.74 
    
   
 $ 
 0.01 
    
   
 $ 
 1.75 
    
 
   Basic EPS 
    
   
 1.76 
    
   
   
 0.01 
    
   
   
 1.77 
    
 
   Diluted EPS from continuing operations 
    
   
 1.70 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
   
   
 1.72 
    
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
   
 1.72 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
   
   
 1.74 
    
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets and embedded
derivatives.  
      F-20
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table presents the effect of the aforementioned revisions on the
Company’s consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Year ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 147,782 
    
   
 $ 
 (4,638 
 )  
   
 $ 
 143,144 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 374,716 
    
   
   
 288 
    
   
   
 375,004 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 84,158 
    
   
   
 (1,133 
 )  
   
   
 83,025 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (72,631 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (72,631 
 )  
 
   Impairment charges 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 9,861 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,861 
    
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 23,365 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 23,365 
    
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 23,575 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 23,575 
    
 
   Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,186 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,186 
    
 
   Loss on debt extinguishment 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,204 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,204 
    
 
   Gain on sale of discontinued operations 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (11,852 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,852 
 )  
 
   Other items 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 6,099 
    
   
   
 902 
    
   
   
 7,001 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (26,601 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (26,601 
 )  
 
   Income taxes, net 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 27,308 
    
   
   
 (3,219 
 )  
   
   
 24,089 
    
 
   Other assets 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,334 
    
   
   
 1,145 
    
   
   
 2,479 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 31,282 
    
   
   
 2,256 
    
   
   
 33,538 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,240 
    
   
   
 4,399 
    
   
   
 8,639 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 632,026 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 632,026 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (442,873 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (442,873 
 )  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (222,721 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (222,721 
 )  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 6,958 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,958 
    
 
   Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (26,610 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (26,610 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 278,823 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 278,823 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 252,213 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 252,213 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets, recoverable
taxes, amortization of stock-based compensation expense, embedded derivatives and property taxes.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 No impact from the correction of errors.  
      F-21
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Year ended December 31, 2011 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 92,610 
    
   
 $ 
 772 
    
   
 $ 
 93,382 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 328,610 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 328,610 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 71,532 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 71,532 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (81 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (81 
 )  
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,481 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,481 
    
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 32,172 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 32,172 
    
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 19,064 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,064 
    
 
   Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,987 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,987 
    
 
   Other items 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 9,866 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,866 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (23,061 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,061 
 )  
 
   Income taxes, net 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 24,865 
    
   
   
 (104 
 )  
   
   
 24,761 
    
 
   Other assets 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (30,956 
 )  
   
   
 (1,135 
 )  
   
   
 (32,091 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 41,973 
    
   
   
 (2,256 
 )  
   
   
 39,717 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 12,547 
    
   
   
 2,434 
    
   
   
 14,981 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 587,609 
    
   
   
 (289 
 )  
   
   
 587,320 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of investments 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,268,574 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,268,574 
 )  
 
   Sales of investments 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 125,674 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 125,674 
    
 
   Maturities of investments 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 495,865 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 495,865 
    
 
   Purchase of ALOG, net of cash acquired 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (41,954 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (41,954 
 )  
 
   Purchase of real estate 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (28,066 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (28,066 
 )  
 
   Purchase of other property, plant and equipment 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (685,675 
 )  
   
   
 289 
    
   
   
 (685,386 
 )  
 
   Increase in restricted cash 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (97,724 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (97,724 
 )  
 
   Release of restricted cash 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,000 
    
 
   Other investing activities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,499,444 
 )  
   
   
 289 
    
   
   
 (1,499,155 
 )  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 748,728 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 748,728 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (911 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (911 
 )  
 
   Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (164,018 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (164,018 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
   
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 442,841 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 442,841 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 278,823 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 278,823 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets, embedded
derivatives and property taxes.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 No impact from the correction of errors.  
      F-22
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table presents the effect of the aforementioned revisions on the
Company’s consolidated statements of stockholders’ equity and other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2011 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   


 
   Common stock 
    
 $ 
 48 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 48 
    
 
   Treasury stock 
    
   
 (86,666 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (86,666 
 )  
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 2,437,623 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,437,623 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (143,698 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (143,698 
 )  
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
   
 (255,095 
 )  
   
   
 (16,061 
 )  
   
   
 (271,156 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 1,952,212 
    
   
 $ 
 (16,061 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,936,151 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The cumulative impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets,
embedded derivatives and property taxes.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2010 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   


 
   Common stock 
    
 $ 
 46 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 46 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 2,341,586 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,341,586 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (112,018 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (112,018 
 )  
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
   
 (349,099 
 )  
   
   
 (16,833 
 )  
   
   
 (365,932 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 1,880,515 
    
   
 $ 
 (16,833 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,863,682 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The cumulative impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets and
embedded derivatives.      

 
 
 3. 
 Acquisitions  
  Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition    On October 1, 2013, the Company completed the purchase of a property located in Frankfurt, Germany for cash consideration of approximately $50,092,000 (the “Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel
Acquisition”). A portion of the building was leased to the Company and was being used by the Company as its Frankfurt 5 IBX data center. The remainder of the building was leased by other parties, who became the Company’s tenants
upon closing. The Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel constitutes a business under the accounting standard for business combinations and as a result, the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition was accounted for as a business acquisition using
the acquisition method of accounting.    The Company included Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel’s results of operations
from October 1, 2013 and the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in its consolidated balance sheets beginning October 1, 2013. The Company incurred acquisition costs of approximately $4,794,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2013 related to the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition.  
      F-23
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Purchase Price Allocation  
 Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price was allocated to Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel’s net
tangible and intangible assets based upon their fair value as of the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel acquisition date. Based upon the purchase price and the valuation of Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel, the preliminary purchase price allocation
was as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
  85,969 
    
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 10,011 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets acquired 
    
   
 95,980 
    
 
   Mortgage payable 
    
   
 (42,906 
 )  
 
   Intangible - unfavorable leases 
    
   
 (2,982 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 50,092 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The Company continues to evaluate certain assets and liability related to the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier
Hotel Acquisition. Additional information, which existed as of the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition date but was unknown to the Company at the time the Company’s consolidated financial statements were prepared, may become known to
the Company during the remainder of the measurement period, a period not to exceed 12 months from the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition date. Changes to the assets and liabilities recorded may result in a corresponding adjustment to the
purchase price allocation.    The following table presents certain information on the acquired identifiable intangible assets
(dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Intangible assets 
    
 Fair value 
   
   
 Estimated useful lives (years) 
    
 Weighted- average estimated useful lives (years) 


 
   Customer contracts 
    
 $ 
 9,363 
    
   
 0.3 - 8 
    
 4.9 
 
   Unfavorable leases 
    
   
 (2,982 
 )  
   
 1 - 6 
    
 4.8 
 
   Favorable leases 
    
   
 648 
    
   
 1 - 8 
    
 7.5 
   The fair value of customer contracts was estimated by applying an income approach. The fair value was
determined by calculating the present value of estimated future operating cash flows generated by existing customer relationships less costs to realize the revenue. The Company applied a discount rate of approximately 9.0%, which reflects the nature
of the assets as it relates to the estimated future operating cash flows. Other significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the customer contracts include projected revenue growth, customer attrition rates, sales and marketing
expenses and operating margins. The fair value of leases were estimated using the market approach. The fair value measurements were based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements as defined
in the accounting standard for fair value measurements.    The Company determined the fair value of the mortage payable assumed
in the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Hotel Acquisition by estimating Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Hotel’s debt rating and reviewing market data with a similar debt rating and other characteristics of the debt, including the maturity date and security type.
   For the year ended December 31, 2013, revenues and net income recorded from Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Hotel were not material
and were included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.  
      F-24
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition  
 On November 6, 2012, the Company entered into an alliance agreement with Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC
(“du”) to deliver data center and interconnection solutions to customers in the Middle East. On November 8, 2012 (the “Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition Date”), the Company entered into an asset sale and purchase agreement
with e-Hosting DataFort FZ, LLC (“EHDF”) for a substantially completed data center located in Dubai for cash consideration of approximately $22,918,000. The data center opened for business in early 2013. The Company also entered into a
lease agreement with Tecom Investment FZ, LLC (“Tecom”), the 100% owner of EHDF, for the underlying building space where the data center assets that were acquired by the Company from EHDF are located. The Company accounted for the above
agreements as a single arrangement and the alliance agreement, asset sale and purchase agreement and lease agreement are collectively referred to as the Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition. The Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition constitutes a business
under the accounting standard for business combinations and as a result, the Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition was accounted for as a business acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting.  
 Asia Tone Acquisition    On July 3, 2012 (the “Asia Tone Acquisition Date”), the Company acquired certain assets and operations of Asia Tone, a privately-owned company headquartered in Hong Kong, for gross cash
consideration of $230,500,000 (the “Asia Tone Acquisition”). The Company agreed to pay net cash consideration of approximately $202,445,000 as a result of adjustments to the purchase price included in the purchase and sale agreement. Asia
Tone operated six data centers and one disaster recovery center in Hong Kong, Shanghai and Singapore. The Asia Tone Acquisition included one data center under construction in Shanghai at the date of the acquisition. The combined company operates
under the Equinix name.    The Company included Asia Tone’s results of operations from July 4, 2012 and the estimated
fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in its consolidated balance sheets beginning July 3, 2012. The Company incurred acquisition costs of $4,887,000 for the year ended December 31, 2012 related to the Asia Tone
Acquisition.    Purchase Price Allocation    The Asia Tone Acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price was allocated to Asia Tone’s net tangible
and intangible assets based upon their fair value as of the Asia Tone Acquisition Date. Based upon the purchase price and the valuation of Asia Tone, the purchase price allocation was as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 $ 
  1,595 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 595 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 142,450 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 115,223 
    
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 29,155 
    
 
   Other non-current assets 
    
   
 784 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets acquired 
    
   
 289,802 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
   
 (1,304 
 )  
 
   Accrued property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (27,031 
 )  
 
   Loans payable 
    
   
 (20,661 
 )  
 
   Capital leases and other financing obligations 
    
   
 (10,630 
 )  
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 (3,666 
 )  
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (15,190 
 )  
 
   Other non-current liabilities 
    
   
 (8,875 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 202,445 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      F-25
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table presents certain information on the acquired identifiable intangible
assets (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Intangible assets 
    
 Fair value 
   
    
 Estimated useful lives (years) 
    
 Weighted- average estimated useful lives (years) 


 
   Customer contracts 
    
 $ 
 14,900 
    
    
 6 - 20 
    
 17.2 
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 13,800 
    
    
 7 - 11 
    
 8.7 
 
   Other 
    
   
 455 
    
    
 2 - 5 
    
 4.0 
   The fair value of customer contracts and customer relationships was estimated by applying an income
approach. The fair value was determined by calculating the present value of estimated future operating cash flows generated from existing customers less costs to realize the revenue. The Company applied a weighted-average discount rate of
approximately 14.4%, which reflected the nature of the assets as it relates to the estimated future operating cash flows. Other significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the customer contracts and customer relationships include
projected revenue growth, customer attrition rates, sales and marketing expenses and operating margins. The fair value of the other acquired identifiable intangible assets were estimated by applying an income or cost approach as appropriate. The
fair value measurements were based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements as defined in the accounting standard for fair value measurements.  
 The Company determined the fair value of the loans payable assumed in the Asia Tone Acquisition by estimating Asia Tone’s debt
rating and reviewed market data with a similar debt rating and other characteristics of the debt, including the maturity date and security type. The book value of Asia Tone’s loans payable approximated their fair value as of the Asia Tone
Acquisition Date. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company prepaid and terminated these loans payable.  
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired. The goodwill
is not expected to be deductible for local tax purposes. Goodwill will not be amortized and will be tested for impairment at least annually. Goodwill recorded as a result of the Asia Tone Acquisition is attributable to the Company’s
Asia-Pacific reportable segment (see Note 17) and reporting unit (see Note 6).    For the year ended December 31, 2012,
Asia Tone recognized revenues of $23,083,000 and had a net income of $1,604,000, which were included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.    ancotel Acquisition    On July 2, 2012 (the “ancotel
Acquisition Date”), the Company acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding share capital of ancotel, a privately-owned company headquartered in Frankfurt, Germany, for cash consideration of approximately $85,714,000 (the “ancotel
Acquisition”). ancotel operates one data center in Frankfurt and edge nodes in Hong Kong and London. The combined company operates under the Equinix name.    The Company included ancotel’s results of operations from July 3, 2012 and the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in its consolidated balance sheets beginning
July 2, 2012. The Company incurred acquisition costs of approximately $1,365,000 for the year ended December 31, 2012 related to the ancotel Acquisition.  
      F-26
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Purchase Price Allocation  
 The ancotel Acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the
total purchase price was allocated to ancotel’s net tangible and intangible assets based upon their fair value as of the ancotel Acquisition Date. Based upon the purchase price and the valuation of ancotel, the purchase price allocation was as
follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
  1,478 
    
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 332 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 2,702 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 17,460 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 55,689 
    
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 42,781 
    
 
   Other non-current assets 
    
   
 381 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets acquired 
    
   
 120,823 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
   
 (5,310 
 )  
 
   Accrued property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (1,216 
 )  
 
   Current portion of loans payable 
    
   
 (2,548 
 )  
 
   Capital leases and other financing obligations 
    
   
 (5,516 
 )  
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 (5,035 
 )  
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (13,280 
 )  
 
   Other non-current liabilities 
    
   
 (2,204 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 85,714 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The following table presents certain information on the acquired identifiable intangible assets (dollars
in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Intangible assets 
    
 Fair value 
   
    
 Estimated useful 
lives (years) 
    
 Weighted- average estimated useful lives (years) 


 
   Customer contracts 
    
 $ 
 38,604 
    
    
 7 
    
 7.0 
 
   Trade names 
    
   
 4,177 
    
    
 5 - 10 
    
 9.4 
   The fair value of customer contracts was estimated by applying an income approach. The fair value was
determined by calculating the present value of estimated future operating cash flows generated by existing customer relationships less costs to realize the revenue. The Company applied a discount rate of approximately 12.8%, which reflected the
nature of the assets as it relates to the estimated future operating cash flows. Other significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the customer contracts include projected revenue growth, customer attrition rates, sales and marketing
expenses and operating margins. The fair value of trade names were estimated using the income approach. The fair value measurements were based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements as
defined in the accounting standard for fair value measurements.    The Company determined the fair value of the loans payable
assumed in the ancotel Acquisition by estimating ancotel’s debt rating and reviewing market data with a similar debt rating and other characteristics of the debt, including the maturity date and security type. The book value of ancotel’s
loans payable approximated their fair value as of the ancotel Acquisition Date. During the three months ended September 30, 2012, the Company prepaid and terminated these loans payable.  
      F-27
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net
tangible and intangible assets acquired. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for local tax purposes. Goodwill will not be amortized and will be tested for impairment at least annually. Goodwill recorded as a result of the ancotel
Acquisition is attributable to the Company’s EMEA reportable segment (see Note 17) and reporting unit (see Note 6).    For
the year ended December 31, 2012, ancotel recognized revenues of $11,494,000 and had a net loss of $3,281,000, which were included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.  
 ALOG Acquisition  
 On April 25, 2011 (the “ALOG Acquisition Date”), the Company and RW Brasil Fundo de Investimento em
Participações, a subsidiary of Riverwood Capital L.P. (“Riverwood”), completed the acquisition of approximately 90% of the outstanding capital stock of ALOG. As a result, the Company acquired an approximate 53% controlling
equity interest in ALOG (the “ALOG Acquisition”). The Company paid a total of approximately 82,194,000 Brazilian reais in cash on the closing date, or approximately $51,723,000, to purchase the ALOG capital stock. An additional
36,000,000 Brazilian reais, or approximately $17,571,000, was payable in April 2013, subject to reduction for any post-closing balance sheet adjustments and any claims for indemnification (the “Contingent Consideration”). During the
year ended December 31, 2013, the Company paid a total of 14,255,000 Brazilian reais, or approximately $6,323,000, for the Contingent Consideration. As of December 31, 2013, the Contingent Consideration outstanding was approximately
16,819,000 Brazilian reais, or approximately $7,120,000, of which 8,914,000 Brazilian reais, or approximately $3,774,000, was the Company’s portion. ALOG operated three data centers in Brazil as of the ALOG Acquisition Date and is headquartered
in Rio de Janeiro. ALOG will continue to operate under the ALOG trade name. There were no historical transactions between Equinix, Riverwood and ALOG.    Beginning in April 2014 and ending in May 2016, Equinix will have the right to purchase all of Riverwood’s interest in ALOG at a price equal to the greater of (i) its then current fair market
value and (ii) a net purchase price that implies a compounded internal rate of return in U.S. dollars (“IRR”) for Riverwood’s investment of 12%. If Equinix exercises its right to purchase Riverwood’s shares, Equinix also
will have the right, and under certain circumstances may be required, to purchase the remaining approximate 10% of shares of ALOG that the Company and Riverwood do not own, which are held by ALOG management (collectively, the “Call
Options”). If Equinix purchases all of Riverwood’s interest in ALOG at a price equal to its then current fair market value, the purchase price of the remaining approximate 10% of shares that are held by ALOG management will be equal to its
then current fair market value. If Equinix purchases all of Riverwood’s interest in ALOG at a net purchase price that implies an IRR for Riverwood’s investment of 12%, the purchase price per share of the remaining approximate 10% of shares
that are held by ALOG management will be equal to the greater of (i) 50% of the purchase price per share of capital stock of ALOG in the ALOG Acquisition and (ii) a purchase price per share that implies an IRR equal to the sum of the IRR
implied by the fair market value of the capital stock of ALOG plus 2%, declining over time.    Also beginning in April 2014 and
ending in May 2016, Riverwood will have the right to require Equinix to purchase all of Riverwood’s interests in ALOG at a price equal to the greater of (i) its then current fair market value and (ii) a net purchase price that implies
an IRR for Riverwood’s investment of 8%, declining over time. If Riverwood exercises its right to require Equinix to purchase Riverwood’s shares, Equinix will have the right, and under certain circumstances may be required, to purchase the
remaining approximate 10% of shares of ALOG that the Company and Riverwood do not own, which are held by ALOG management (collectively, the “Put Options”). If Equinix purchases all of Riverwood’s interest in ALOG at a price equal to
its then current fair market value, the purchase price of the remaining approximate 10% of shares that are held by ALOG management will be equal to its then current fair market value. If Equinix purchases all of Riverwood’s interest in ALOG at
a net purchase price that implies an IRR for Riverwood’s investment of 8%, declining over time, the purchase price per share of the remaining approximate 10% of shares that are held by ALOG management will be equal to the greater of
(i) 50% of the purchase price per share of capital stock of ALOG in the ALOG Acquisition and (ii) a purchase price per share that implies an IRR equal to the sum of the IRR implied by the fair market value of the capital stock of ALOG plus
2%, declining over time.  
      F-28
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  As the Company has an approximate 53% controlling equity interest in ALOG, it began
consolidating the results of ALOG’s operations on the ALOG Acquisition Date. Upon consolidation, all amounts pertaining to the approximate 10% of ALOG that the Company does not own, as well as Riverwood’s interest in ALOG, are reported as
redeemable non-controlling interests in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The Company included ALOG’s results of operations from April 26, 2011 and the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in
its consolidated balance sheets beginning April 25, 2011. The Company incurred acquisition costs of $2,307,000 for the year ended December 31, 2011 related to ALOG, which were included in the consolidated statements of operations.
   Purchase Price Allocation    The ALOG Acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price was allocated to ALOG’s net tangible and
intangible assets based upon their fair value as of the ALOG Acquisition Date with the residual allocated to goodwill. Based upon the purchase price and the valuation of ALOG, the purchase price allocation was as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
  9,769 
    
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 6,756 
    
 
   Prepaid expense and other current assets 
    
   
 575 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 52,542 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 106,572 
    
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 19,295 
    
 
   Other non-current assets 
    
   
 5,214 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets acquired 
    
   
 200,723 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
   
 (49,965 
 )  
 
   Debt 
    
   
 (25,669 
 )  
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 (4,643 
 )  
 
   Other non-current liabilities 
    
   
 (1,946 
 )  
 
   Redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (66,777 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 51,723 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The following table presents certain information on the acquired identifiable intangible assets (dollars
in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Intangible assets 
    
 Fair value 
   
    
 Estimated useful lives (years) 
    
 Weighted- average estimated useful lives (years) 


 
   Customer contracts 
    
 $ 
 17,093 
    
    
 5 - 7 
    
 5.9 
 
   Other 
    
   
 2,202 
    
    
 3 - 6 
    
 4.3 
   The fair value of customer contracts was estimated by applying an income approach. The fair value was
determined by calculating the present value of estimated future operating cash flows generated from exisiting customers less costs to realize the revenue. The Company applied a discount rate of approximately 15.6%, which reflected the nature of the
asset as it relates to the estimated future operating cash flows. Other significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the customer contracts include projected revenue growth, customer attrition rates, sales and marketing expenses and
operating margins. The fair value of the other acquired identifiable intangible assets were estimated by applying an income or cost approach as appropriate. The fair value measurements were based on significant inputs that are not observable in the
market and thus represent Level 3 measurements as defined in the accounting standard for fair value measurements.    The Company
initially determined the fair value of the loans payable assumed in the ALOG Acquisition by estimating ALOG’s debt rating and reviewed market data with a similar debt rating and other characteristics of the debt, including the maturity date and
security type. The Company determined that the book value approximated the fair value as of the ALOG Acquisition Date.  
      F-29
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company determined the fair value of the redeemable non-controlling interests
assumed in the ALOG Acquisition based on the consideration transferred, which included the values ascribed to the Call Options and Put Options. The Company records an adjustment each reporting period to these redeemable non-controlling
interests such that the carrying value of the redeemable non-controlling interests equals the greater of fair value or a minimum IRR as outlined in the Put Options.   Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is attributable to the workforce of ALOG and the significant synergies
expected to arise after the ALOG Acquisition. A portion of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for local tax purposes. Goodwill will not be amortized and will be tested for impairment at least annually. Goodwill recorded as a result of the
ALOG Acquisition is attributable to the Company’s Americas reportable segment (see Note 17) and reporting unit (see Note 6).    For the year ended December 31, 2011, ALOG recognized revenues of $46,870,000 and had $4,605,000 of net loss, which were included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
   Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 The following unaudited pro forma combined consolidated financial information has been prepared by the Company using the acquisition
method of accounting to give effect to the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition as though the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2012 and the Asia Tone and ancotel acquisitions as though the acquisitions occurred on January 1,
2011. The unaudited pro forma combined consolidated financial information reflect certain adjustments, such as additional depreciation and amortization expense on assets acquired. These pro forma statements were prepared as if the acquistions had
been completed as of the beginning of each period presented.    The unaudited pro forma combined consolidated financial
information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have actually been reported had the acquisitions occurred on the above dates, nor is it necessarily indicative of the
future results of operations of the combined company.    The following table sets forth the unaudited pro forma consolidated
combined results of operations for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 2,158,415 
    
    
 $ 
 1,921,995 
    
    
 $ 
 1,619,748 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Equinix 
    
   
 96,811 
    
    
   
 139,735 
    
    
   
 88,946 
    
 
      F-30
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   


 
 
 4. 
 Earnings Per Share  
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31 (in
thousands, except per share amounts):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net income from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 96,123 
    
   
 $ 
 130,058 
    
   
 $ 
 92,373 
    
 
   Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (1,438 
 )  
   
   
 (3,116 
 )  
   
   
 1,394 
    
 
   Adjustments attributable to redemption value of redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,476 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from continuing operations attributable to Equinix, basic 
    
   
 94,685 
    
   
   
 126,942 
    
   
   
 82,291 
    
 
   Effect of assumed conversion of debt: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense, net of tax 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,789 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from continuing operations attributable to Equinix, diluted 
    
 $ 
 94,685 
    
   
 $ 
 133,731 
    
   
 $ 
 82,291 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-average shares to compute basic EPS 
    
   
 49,438 
    
   
   
 48,004 
    
   
   
 46,956 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Convertible debt 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,945 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity awards 
    
   
 678 
    
   
   
 867 
    
   
   
 942 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total dilutive potential shares 
    
   
 678 
    
   
   
 3,812 
    
   
   
 942 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-average shares to compute diluted EPS 
    
   
 50,116 
    
   
   
 51,816 
    
   
   
 47,898 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EPS from continuing operations attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   EPS from continuing operations, basic 
    
 $ 
 1.92 
    
   
 $ 
 2.65 
    
   
 $ 
 1.75 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EPS from continuing operations, diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.89 
    
   
 $ 
 2.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.72 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table sets forth potential shares of common stock that are not included in the diluted EPS
calculation above because to do so would be anti-dilutive for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Shares reserved for conversion of convertible 2.50% convertible subordinated notes 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 652 
    
    
   
 2,232 
    
 
   Shares reserved for conversion of convertible 3.00% convertible subordinated notes 
    
   
 3,613 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,945 
    
 
   Shares reserved for conversion of convertible 4.75% convertible subordinated notes 
    
   
 4,432 
    
    
   
 4,432 
    
    
   
 4,433 
    
 
   Common stock related to employee equity awards 
    
   
 254 
    
    
   
 113 
    
    
   
 452 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 8,299 
    
    
   
 5,197 
    
    
   
 10,062 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 5. 
 Discontinued Operations  
  In August 2012, the Company entered into an agreement to sell 16 of the Company’s IBX data centers located
throughout the U.S. to an investment group including 365 Main, Crosslink Capital, Housatonic Partners and Brightwood Capital for net proceeds of $76,458,000 (the “Divestiture”). The Divestiture closed in November 2012. Nine of the 16 data
centers were in markets that the Company exited with the close of the Divestiture. Those markets include Buffalo, Cleveland, Detroit, Indianapolis, Nashville, Phoenix, Pittsburg, St. Louis and Tampa. The remaining seven data centers were in markets
where the Company retains a presence. Those markets include Chicago, Dallas, New York, Philadelphia, Seattle, Silicon Valley and the Washington D.C. metro area. Subsequent to the close of the Divestiture, the investment group runs and manages the 16
IBX Data Centers.  
      F-31
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company’s consolidated statements of operations have been reclassified to
reflect its discontinued operations associated with the 16 IBX Data Centers for all applicable periods presented. The Company’s operating results from its discontinued operations, which includes the results of operations subsequent to
April 30, 2010, the acquisition date of the 16 IBX Data Centers, through November 1, 2012, the closing date of the Divestiture, consisted of the following for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 29,640 
    
   
 $ 
 37,058 
    
 
   Cost of revenues 
    
   
 (23,956 
 )  
   
   
 (33,790 
 )  
 
   Operating expenses 
    
   
 (3,422 
 )  
   
   
 (1,359 
 )  
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 (1,028 
 )  
   
   
 (900 
 )  
 
   Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax of $13,973 
    
   
 11,852 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from discontinued operations 
    
 $ 
 13,086 
    
   
 $ 
 1,009 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     

 
 
 6. 
 Balance Sheet Components  
  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term and Long-Term Investments  
 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 186,007 
    
    
 $ 
 150,864 
    
 
   Cash equivalents: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money markets 
    
   
 74,787 
    
    
   
 98,340 
    
 
   U.S. government securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,009 
    
 
   Certificates of deposit 
    
   
 1,100 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 261,894 
    
    
   
 252,213 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Marketable securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. government securities 
    
   
 305,021 
    
    
   
 126,941 
    
 
   U.S. government agencies securities 
    
   
 125,917 
    
    
   
 72,979 
    
 
   Certificates of deposit 
    
   
 76,152 
    
    
   
 48,386 
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 190,177 
    
    
   
 37,975 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 68,938 
    
    
   
 6,037 
    
 
   Commercial paper 
    
   
 1,993 
    
    
   
 1,993 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total marketable securities 
    
   
 768,198 
    
    
   
 294,311 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments 
    
 $ 
 1,030,092 
    
    
 $ 
 546,524 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, cash and cash equivalents included investments which were readily
convertible to cash and had original maturity dates of 90 days or less. The maturities of securities classified as short-term investments were one year or less as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. The maturities of securities classified as
long-term investments were greater than one year and less than three years as of December 31, 2013 and 2012.  
      F-32
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table summarizes the cost and estimated fair value of marketable
securities based on stated effective maturities as of (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Due within one year 
    
 $ 
 369,698 
    
    
 $ 
 369,808 
    
    
 $ 
 166,445 
    
    
 $ 
 166,492 
    
 
   Due after one year through three years 
    
   
 398,200 
    
    
   
 398,390 
    
    
   
 127,795 
    
    
   
 127,819 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 767,898 
    
    
 $ 
 768,198 
    
    
 $ 
 294,240 
    
    
 $ 
 294,311 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As of December 31, 2013, the Company’s net unrealized gains (losses) on its available-for-sale
securities were comprised of the following (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   


 
   U.S. government securities 
    
 $ 
 304,897 
    
    
 $ 
 131 
    
    
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 305,021 
    
 
   U.S. government agencies securities 
    
   
 125,904 
    
    
   
 35 
    
    
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 125,917 
    
 
   Certificates of deposit 
    
   
 76,126 
    
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 76,152 
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 190,068 
    
    
   
 149 
    
    
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 190,177 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 68,914 
    
    
   
 33 
    
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 68,938 
    
 
   Commercial paper 
    
   
 1,989 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,993 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 767,898 
    
    
 $ 
 379 
    
    
 $ 
 (79 
 )  
   
 $ 
 768,198 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   None of the securities held at December 31, 2013 were other-than-temporarily impaired.  
 While certain marketable securities carry unrealized losses, the Company expects that it will receive both principal and interest
according to the stated terms of each of the securities and that the increase or decline in market value is primarily due to changes in the interest rate environment from the time the securities were purchased as compared to interest rates at
December 31, 2013.    The following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized losses related to 92
available-for-sale securities, aggregated by type of investment and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of December 31, 2013 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Securities in a loss position for less than 12 months 
   
   
 Securities in a loss position for 12 months or more 
   
 
   
    
 Fair value 
   
    
 Gross unrealized losses 
   
   
 Fair value 
   
    
 Gross unrealized losses 
   


 
   U.S. government securities 
    
 $ 
 59,699 
    
    
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   U.S. government agencies securities 
    
   
 30,846 
    
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 2,972 
    
    
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Certificates of deposit 
    
   
 2,694 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 64,425 
    
    
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 25,101 
    
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 182,765 
    
    
 $ 
 (70 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,972 
    
    
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   While the Company does not believe it holds investments that are other-than-temporarily impaired and that
the Company’s investments will mature at par, the Company’s investments are subject to a low interest rate environment. If market conditions were to deteriorate, the Company could sustain other-than-temporary impairments to its investment
portfolio which could result in additional realized losses being recorded in interest income, net or securities markets could become inactive which could affect the liquidity of the Company’s investments.  
      F-33
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  As of December 31, 2012, the Company’s net unrealized gains (losses) on its
available-for-sale securities were comprised of the following (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   


 
   U.S. government securities 
    
 $ 
 126,938 
    
    
 $ 
 40 
    
    
 $ 
 (37 
 )  
   
 $ 
 126,941 
    
 
   U.S. government agencies securities 
    
   
 72,948 
    
    
   
 68 
    
    
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 72,979 
    
 
   Certificates of deposit 
    
   
 48,373 
    
    
   
 18 
    
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 48,386 
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 37,954 
    
    
   
 29 
    
    
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 37,975 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 6,036 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 6,037 
    
 
   Commercial paper 
    
   
 1,991 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,993 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 294,240 
    
    
 $ 
 159 
    
    
 $ 
 (88 
 )  
   
 $ 
 294,311 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   None of the securities held at December 31, 2012 were other-than-temporarily impaired.  
 The following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized losses related to 51 available-for-sale securities, aggregated by type
of investment and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of December 31, 2012 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Securities in a loss position for less than 12 months 
   
 
   
    
 Fair value 
   
    
 Gross unrealized losses 
   


 
   U.S. government securities 
    
 $ 
 37,104 
    
    
 $ 
 (37 
 )  
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 16,733 
    
    
   
 (8 
 )  
 
   U.S. government agencies securities 
    
   
 13,308 
    
    
   
 (37 
 )  
 
   Certificates of deposit 
    
   
 7,001 
    
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 4,139 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 78,285 
    
    
 $ 
 (88 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company did not have any securities in a loss position for 12 months or more as of December 31,
2012.    Accounts Receivable    Accounts receivable, net, consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 $ 
 323,822 
    
   
 $ 
 290,326 
    
 
   Unearned revenue 
    
   
 (132,342 
 )  
   
   
 (122,770 
 )  
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 (6,640 
 )  
   
   
 (3,716 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 184,840 
    
   
 $ 
 163,840 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and generally do not bear interest. The
Company generally invoices its customers at the end of a calendar month for services to be provided the following month. Accordingly, unearned revenue consists of pre-billing for services that have not yet been provided, but which have been billed
to customers in advance in accordance with the terms of their contract.  
      F-34
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table summarizes the activity of the Company’s allowance for doubtful
accounts (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Balance as of December 31, 2010 
    
 $ 
  3,808 
    
 
   Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 4,987 
    
 
   Recoveries (write-offs) 
    
   
 (4,129 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (31 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2011 
    
   
 4,635 
    
 
   Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 4,186 
    
 
   Recoveries (write-offs) 
    
   
 (5,127 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 22 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2012 
    
   
 3,716 
    
 
   Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 5,819 
    
 
   Recoveries (write-offs) 
    
   
 (2,833 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (62 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 6,640 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Other Current Assets    Other current assets consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Prepaid expenses 
    
 $ 
 26,578 
    
    
 $ 
 21,349 
    
 
   Taxes receivable 
    
   
 21,584 
    
    
   
 8,829 
    
 
   Deferred tax assets, net 
    
   
 7,442 
    
    
   
 8,448 
    
 
   Other receivables 
    
   
 4,181 
    
    
   
 3,428 
    
 
   Derivative instruments 
    
   
 4,457 
    
    
   
 3,205 
    
 
   Restricted cash, current 
    
   
 3,210 
    
    
   
 9,380 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 4,666 
    
    
   
 2,908 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 72,118 
    
    
 $ 
 57,547 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Property, Plant and Equipment    Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   IBX plant and machinery 
    
 $ 
 2,640,907 
    
   
 $ 
 2,292,873 
    
 
   Buildings (1) 
    
   
 1,862,562 
    
   
   
 1,114,661 
    
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   
 1,039,847 
    
   
   
 1,078,834 
    
 
   IBX equipment 
    
   
 490,677 
    
   
   
 410,456 
    
 
   Computer equipment and software 
    
   
 189,714 
    
   
   
 150,382 
    
 
   Land 
    
   
 122,035 
    
   
   
 98,007 
    
 
   Furniture and fixtures 
    
   
 24,134 
    
   
   
 21,982 
    
 
   Construction in progress 
    
   
 244,254 
    
   
   
 379,750 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 6,614,130 
    
   
   
 5,546,945 
    
 
   Less accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 (2,022,480 
 )  
   
   
 (1,631,207 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 4,591,650 
    
   
 $ 
 3,915,738 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Includes site improvements.  
 IBX plant and machinery, leasehold improvements, buildings, computer equipment and software and construction in progress recorded under
capital leases aggregated $428,974,000 and $146,591,000 as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Amortization on the assets recorded under capital leases is included in depreciation expense and accumulated depreciation on such assets
totaled $56,041,000 and $39,842,000 as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
      F-35
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company recorded impairment charges
related to its property, plant and equipment (see Note 1, “Impairment of Long-Lived Assets”).    Purchase of New
York 2 IBX Data Center.  In May 2013, the Company entered into a binding purchase and sale agreement for a property located in the New York metro area (the “New York 2 IBX Data Center Purchase”). A majority of the building was leased to
the Company and was being used by the Company as its New York 2 IBX data center. The lease was originally accounted for as an operating lease, and the Company had previously recorded a restructuring charge related to the lease (see Note 18). The
remainder of the building was leased by another party, which became the Company’s tenant upon closing. In July 2013, the Company completed the New York 2 IBX Data Center Purchase for net cash consideration of $73,441,000. The New York 2 IBX
Data Center Purchase was accounted for as an asset acquisition and the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired based on their relative fair values.    Goodwill and Other Intangibles    Goodwill and other intangible
assets, net, consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Goodwill: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 471,845 
    
   
 $ 
 482,765 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 435,041 
    
   
   
 423,529 
    
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 135,267 
    
   
   
 136,270 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,042,153 
    
   
 $ 
 1,042,564 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Intangible asset – customer contracts 
    
 $ 
 233,038 
    
   
 $ 
 222,571 
    
 
   Intangible asset – favorable leases 
    
   
 25,147 
    
   
   
 27,785 
    
 
   Intangible asset – licenses 
    
   
 9,697 
    
   
   
 9,397 
    
 
   Intangible asset – others 
    
   
 8,859 
    
   
   
 9,889 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 276,741 
    
   
   
 269,642 
    
 
   Accumulated amortization 
    
   
 (92,559 
 )  
   
   
 (68,080 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 184,182 
    
   
 $ 
 201,562 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by geographic regions are as follows (in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Americas 
   
   
 EMEA 
   
    
 Asia-Pacific 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 499,455 
    
   
 $ 
 347,018 
    
    
 $ 
 20,022 
    
   
 $ 
 866,495 
    
 
   Asia Tone acquisition (see Note 3) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 115,223 
    
   
   
 115,223 
    
 
   ancotel acquisition (see Note 3) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 55,689 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 55,689 
    
 
   Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition (see Note 3) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,273 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,273 
    
 
   Written-off in sale of discontinued operations 
    
   
 (8,320 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (8,320 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (8,370 
 )  
   
   
 17,549 
    
    
   
 1,025 
    
   
   
 10,204 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 482,765 
    
   
   
 423,529 
    
    
   
 136,270 
    
   
   
 1,042,564 
    
 
   Purchase accounting adjustments 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 932 
    
    
   
 (279 
 )  
   
   
 653 
    
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (10,920 
 )  
   
   
 10,580 
    
    
   
 (724 
 )  
   
   
 (1,064 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 471,845 
    
   
 $ 
 435,041 
    
    
 $ 
 135,267 
    
   
 $ 
 1,042,153 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-36
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Changes in the net book value of intangible assets by geographic regions are as follows
(in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Americas 
   
   
 EMEA 
   
   
 Asia-Pacific 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Intangible assets, net at December 31, 2010 
    
 $ 
 108,632 
    
   
 $ 
 42,313 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 150,945 
    
 
   Switch and Data Acquisition 
    
   
 19,295 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,295 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 (13,526 
 )  
   
   
 (5,538 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (19,064 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (2,852 
 )  
   
   
 311 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,541 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets, net at December 31, 2011 
    
   
 111,549 
    
   
   
 37,086 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 148,635 
    
 
   Asia Tone acquisition (see Note 3) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 29,155 
    
   
   
 29,155 
    
 
   ancotel acquisition (see Note 3) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 42,781 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 42,781 
    
 
   Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition (see Note 3) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,400 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,400 
    
 
   Written-off in sale of discontinued operations 
    
   
 (5,913 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,913 
 )  
 
   Impairment charge 
    
   
 (2,832 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,832 
 )  
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 (13,722 
 )  
   
   
 (8,246 
 )  
   
   
 (1,607 
 )  
   
   
 (23,575 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 385 
    
   
   
 3,165 
    
   
   
 361 
    
   
   
 3,911 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets, net at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 89,467 
    
   
   
 84,186 
    
   
   
 27,909 
    
   
   
 201,562 
    
 
   Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition (see Note 3) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,010 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,010 
    
 
   New York 2 IBX Data Center Purchase 
    
   
 1,100 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,100 
    
 
   Adjustments 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,070 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,070 
 )  
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 (12,604 
 )  
   
   
 (11,613 
 )  
   
   
 (2,810 
 )  
   
   
 (27,027 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (1,739 
 )  
   
   
 2,196 
    
   
   
 150 
    
   
   
 607 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets, net at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 76,224 
    
   
 $ 
 82,709 
    
   
 $ 
 25,249 
    
   
 $ 
 184,182 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company’s goodwill and intangible assets in EMEA, denominated in the United Arab Emirates
dirham, British pounds and Euros, goodwill and intangible assets in Asia-Pacific, denominated in Singapore dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Chinese yuan and certain goodwill and intangibles in Americas, denominated in Canadian dollars and Brazilian
reais, are subject to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company’s foreign currency translation gains and losses, including goodwill and intangibles, are a component of other comprehensive income and loss.  
 Estimated future amortization expense related to these intangibles is as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Year ending: 
    
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 29,526 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 29,052 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 28,594 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 27,104 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 24,056 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 45,850 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 184,182 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      F-37
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Other Assets    Other assets consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets, net 
    
 $ 
 229,975 
    
    
 $ 
 90,985 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses, non-current 
    
   
 61,039 
    
    
   
 34,478 
    
 
   Debt issuance costs, net 
    
   
 41,847 
    
    
   
 36,704 
    
 
   Deposits 
    
   
 25,543 
    
    
   
 27,069 
    
 
   Restricted cash, non-current 
    
   
 16,178 
    
    
   
 8,131 
    
 
   Derivative instruments 
    
   
 4,118 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other assets, non-current 
    
   
 8,624 
    
    
   
 10,655 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 387,324 
    
    
 $ 
 208,022 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The increase in deferred tax assets, net was primarily due to the depreciation and amortization recapture
as a result of changing the Company’s methods of depreciating and amortizing various data center assets for tax purposes in connection with the Company’s plan to convert to a REIT.    Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses    Accounts payable and accrued
expenses consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Accounts payable 
    
 $ 
 30,291 
    
    
 $ 
 27,659 
    
 
   Accrued compensation and benefits 
    
   
 92,106 
    
    
   
 85,619 
    
 
   Accrued interest 
    
   
 48,310 
    
    
   
 48,436 
    
 
   Accrued taxes 
    
   
 32,047 
    
    
   
 47,477 
    
 
   Accrued utilities and security 
    
   
 31,314 
    
    
   
 24,974 
    
 
   Accrued professional fees 
    
   
 9,753 
    
    
   
 6,699 
    
 
   Accrued repairs and maintenance 
    
   
 3,557 
    
    
   
 2,938 
    
 
   Accrued other 
    
   
 15,845 
    
    
   
 25,051 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 263,223 
    
    
 $ 
 268,853 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Other Current Liabilities    Other current liabilities consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Deferred tax liabilities, net 
    
 $ 
 72,004 
    
    
 $ 
 68,204 
    
 
   Deferred installation revenue 
    
   
 43,145 
    
    
   
 49,455 
    
 
   Customer deposits 
    
   
 15,174 
    
    
   
 12,927 
    
 
   Derivative instruments 
    
   
 6,515 
    
    
   
 1,097 
    
 
   Deferred recurring revenue 
    
   
 5,007 
    
    
   
 8,910 
    
 
   Deferred rent 
    
   
 3,865 
    
    
   
 5,410 
    
 
   Accrued restructuring charges 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,379 
    
 
   Asset retirement obligations 
    
   
 1,290 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 958 
    
    
   
 962 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 147,958 
    
    
 $ 
 149,344 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      F-38
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Other Liabilities    Other liabilities consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Asset retirement obligations, non-current 
    
 $ 
 58,258 
    
    
 $ 
 63,150 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities, net 
    
   
 69,812 
    
    
   
 61,310 
    
 
   Deferred installation revenue, non-current 
    
   
 60,947 
    
    
   
 41,950 
    
 
   Deferred rent, non-current 
    
   
 37,955 
    
    
   
 38,041 
    
 
   Accrued taxes, non-current 
    
   
 27,052 
    
    
   
 19,373 
    
 
   Customer deposits, non-current 
    
   
 5,005 
    
    
   
 6,185 
    
 
   Deferred recurring revenue, non-current 
    
   
 2,082 
    
    
   
 5,381 
    
 
   Accrued restructuring charges, non-current 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,300 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 13,844 
    
    
   
 7,035 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 274,955 
    
    
 $ 
 245,725 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table summarizes the activity of the Company’s asset retirement obligation liability
(in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2010 
    
 $ 
  46,767 
    
 
   Additions 
    
   
 5,804 
    
 
   Accretion expense 
    
   
 4,343 
    
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (327 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2011 
    
   
 56,587 
    
 
   Additions (1) 
    
   
 14,879 
    
 
   Adjustments 
    
   
 252 
    
 
   Accretion expense 
    
   
 2,980 
    
 
   Written-off in sale of discontinued operations 
    
   
 (12,314 
 )  
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 766 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2012 
    
   
 63,150 
    
 
   Additions 
    
   
 8,713 
    
 
   Adjustments (2) 
    
   
 (14,874 
 )  
 
   Accretion expense 
    
   
 2,932 
    
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (373 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Asset retirement obligations as of December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 59,548 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Includes $5,795 assumed in connection with the ancotel and Asia Tone acquisitions.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 Reversal of asset retirement obligations associated with leases that were amended.  
   

 
 
 7. 
 Derivatives and Hedging Instruments   
  The Company has certain embedded derivatives in its customer contracts. The Company also employs foreign currency
forward contracts to partially offset its business exposure to foreign exchange risk for certain existing foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities and its exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for forecasted revenues and
expenses in its EMEA region.   Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments  
 Cash Flow Hedges.  During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company initiated a program to hedge its exposure to foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations for forecasted revenues and expenses in its EMEA region in order to help manage the Company’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the British Pound, Euro and Swiss
Franc. The foreign currency forward contracts that the Company uses to hedge this exposure are designated as cash flow hedges under the accounting standard for derivatives and hedging.  
      F-39
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  As of December 31, 2013, the Company had a total of 69 cash flow hedge instruments
with maturity dates ranging from January 2014 to January 2015 as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Notional amount 
   
    
 Fair value  (1) 
   
   
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)  (2) 
   


 
   Derivative assets 
    
 $ 
 127,968 
    
    
 $ 
 2,102 
    
   
 $ 
 2,107 
    
 
   Derivative liabilities 
    
   
 200,686 
    
    
   
 (3,855 
 )  
   
   
 (3,857 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 328,654 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,753 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,750 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 A total of $2,099 and $3 of derivative assets related to cash flow hedges are included in the consolidated balance sheets within other current assets and other assets,
respectively. A total of $3,818 and $37 of derivative liabilities related to cash flow hedges are included in the consolidated balance sheets within other current liabilities and other liabilities, respectively.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 Included in the consolidated balance sheets within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, the ineffective and excluded portions of cash flow hedges recognized in other income
(expense) were not significant. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the amount of gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to revenue and operating expenses were not significant. The Company did not
enter into any cash flow hedges during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011.    Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging
Instruments    Embedded Derivatives . The Company is deemed to have foreign currency forward contracts embedded in
certain of the Company’s customer agreements that are priced in currencies different from the functional or local currencies of the parties involved. These embedded derivatives are separated from their host contracts and carried on the
Company’s balance sheet at their fair value. The majority of these embedded derivatives arise as a result of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries pricing their customer contracts in the U.S. dollar.  
 The Company has not designated these foreign currency embedded derivatives as hedging instruments under the accounting standard for
derivatives and hedging. Gains and losses on these embedded derivatives are included within revenues in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recognized a net gain of
$4,836,000 associated with these embedded derivatives. During the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, gains (losses) from these embedded derivatives were not significant.  
 Economic Hedges of Embedded Derivatives.  The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts to help manage the foreign exchange
risk associated with the Company’s customer agreements that are priced in currencies different from the functional or local currencies of the parties involved (“economic hedges of embedded derivatives”). Foreign currency forward
contracts represent agreements to exchange the currency of one country for the currency of another country at an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon settlement date.    The Company has not designated the economic hedges of embedded derivatives as hedging instruments under the accounting standard for derivatives and hedging. Gains and losses on these contracts are
included in revenues along with gains and losses of the related embedded derivatives. The Company entered into various economic hedges of embedded derivatives during the year ended December 31, 2013 and recognized a net loss of $4,497,000. The
Company did not enter into any economic hedges of embedded derivatives during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011.  
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts.  The Company also uses foreign currency forward contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk
associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. As a result of foreign currency fluctuations, the U.S. dollar equivalent values of its foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities change.  
      F-40
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company has not designated such foreign currency forward contracts as hedging
instruments under the accounting standard for derivatives and hedging. Gains and losses on these contracts are included in other income (expense), net, along with the foreign currency gains and losses of the related foreign currency-denominated
assets and liabilities associated with these foreign currency forward contracts. The Company entered into various foreign currency forward contracts during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 and gains (losses) from these foreign
currency forward contracts were not significant during these periods.    Offsetting Derivative Assets and Liabilities  
 The following table presents the fair value of derivative instruments recognized in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as of
December 31, 2013 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross amounts 
   
    
 Gross amounts offset in the balance sheet 
   
    
 Net amounts (1) 
   
    
 Gross amounts not offset in the balance sheet 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward contracts 
    
 $ 
 2,102 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 2,102 
    
    
 $ 
 (2,102 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Not designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Embedded derivatives 
    
   
 6,296 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,296 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,296 
    
 
   Foreign currency forward contracts 
    
   
 177 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 177 
    
    
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 6,473 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,473 
    
    
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 6,296 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 8,575 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 8,575 
    
    
 $ 
 (2,279 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,296 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward contracts 
    
 $ 
 3,855 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 3,855 
    
    
 $ 
 (2,102 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,753 
    
 
   Not designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Embedded derivatives 
    
   
 115 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 115 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 115 
    
 
   Economic hedges of embedded derivatives 
    
   
 1,315 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,315 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,315 
    
 
   Foreign currency forward contracts 
    
   
 1,289 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,289 
    
    
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 1,112 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 2,719 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,719 
    
    
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 2,542 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,574 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 6,574 
    
    
 $ 
 (2,279 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,295 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 As presented in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets within other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities and other liabilities.
 
      F-41
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table presents the fair value of derivative instruments recognized in the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2012 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross amounts 
   
    
 Gross amounts offset in the balance sheet 
   
   
 Net amounts (1) 
   
    
 Gross amounts not offset in the balance sheet 
   
    
 Net 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Not designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Embedded derivatives 
    
 $ 
 3,205 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 3,205 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 3,205 
    
 
   Foreign currency forward contracts 
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,218 
    
    
 $ 
 (13 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,205 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 3,205 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Not designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Embedded derivatives 
    
 $ 
 890 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 890 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 890 
    
 
   Foreign currency forward contracts 
    
   
 220 
    
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 207 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,110 
    
    
 $ 
 (13 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,097 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,097 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 As presented in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets within other current assets, other assets, other current liabilities and other liabilities.
     

 
 
 8. 
 Fair Value Measurements  
  The Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31,
2013 were as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value at December 31, 2013 
   
    
 Fair value measurement using 
   
 
   
    
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 186,007 
    
    
 $ 
 186,007 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   U.S. government securities 
    
   
 305,021 
    
    
   
 305,021 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market and deposit accounts 
    
   
 74,787 
    
    
   
 74,787 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   U.S. government agency securities 
    
   
 125,917 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 125,917 
    
 
   Certificates of deposit 
    
   
 76,152 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 76,152 
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 190,177 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 190,177 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 68,938 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 68,938 
    
 
   Commercial paper 
    
   
 3,093 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,093 
    
 
   Derivative instruments (1) 
    
   
 8,575 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 8,575 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,038,667 
    
    
 $ 
 565,815 
    
    
 $ 
 472,852 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivative instruments (1) 
    
 $ 
 6,574 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 6,574 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Includes both foreign currency embedded derivatives and foreign currency forward contracts. Amounts are included within other current assets, other assets, other
current liabilities and other liabilities in the Company’s accompanying consolidated balance sheet.  
      F-42
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis at December 31, 2012 were as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value at December 31, 2012 
   
    
 Fair value measurement using 
   
 
   
    
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 150,864 
    
    
 $ 
 150,864 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   U.S. government securities 
    
   
 129,950 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 129,950 
    
 
   Money market and deposit accounts 
    
   
 98,340 
    
    
   
 98,340 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   U.S. government agency securities 
    
   
 72,979 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 72,979 
    
 
   Certificates of deposit 
    
   
 48,386 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 48,386 
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 37,975 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 37,975 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 6,037 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,037 
    
 
   Commercial paper 
    
   
 1,993 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,993 
    
 
   Derivative instruments (1) 
    
   
 3,205 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,205 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 549,729 
    
    
 $ 
 249,204 
    
    
 $ 
 300,525 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivative instruments (1) 
    
 $ 
 1,097 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,097 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Includes embedded derivatives, foreign currency embedded derivatives and foreign currency forward contracts. Amounts are included within other current assets and other
current liabilities in the Company’s accompanying consolidated balance sheet.    The Company did not have any
Level 3 financial assets or financial liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.    Valuation Methods
   Fair value estimates are made as of a specific point in time based on methods using present value or other valuation
techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties and are affected by the assumptions used and the judgments made regarding risk characteristics of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows, future expected loss
experience and other factors.    Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments.  The fair value of the Company’s investments
in money market funds approximates their face value. Such instruments are included in cash equivalents. The Company’s U.S. government securities and money market funds are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are
valued using quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. The fair value of the Company’s other investments approximate their face value, including certificates of deposit and available-for-sale debt investments related to the
Company’s investments in the securities of other public companies, governmental units and other agencies. The fair value of these investments is priced based on the quoted market price for similar instruments or nonbinding market prices that
are corroborated by observable market data. Such instruments are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company determines the fair values of its Level 2 investments by using inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark yields,
broker/dealer quotes, and other similar data, which are obtained from quoted market prices, custody bank, third-party pricing vendors, or other sources. The Company uses such pricing data as the primary input to make its assessments and
determinations as to the ultimate valuation of its investment portfolio and has not made, during the periods presented, any material adjustments to such inputs. The Company is responsible for its consolidated financial statements and underlying
estimates.  
      F-43
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company determined that the major security types held as of December 31, 2013
were primarily cash and money market funds, U.S. government and agency securities, corporate bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial paper and asset-backed securities. The Company uses the specific identification method in computing realized
gains and losses. Short-term and long-term investments are classified as available-for-sale and are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported in stockholders’ equity as a component of other comprehensive income or loss,
net of any related tax effect. The Company reviews its investment portfolio quarterly to determine if any securities may be other-than-temporarily impaired due to increased credit risk, changes in industry or sector of a certain instrument or
ratings downgrades over an extended period of time.    During the three months ended March 31, 2013, after reviewing the
fair value hierarchy and its valuation criteria, the Company reclassified its U.S. government securities from within Level 2 to Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because treasury securities issued by the U.S. government are valued using quoted
prices for identical instruments in active markets.    Derivative Assets and Liabilities . For derivatives, including cash
flow hedges, embedded derivatives and economic hedges of embedded derivatives, the Company uses forward contract models employing market observable inputs, such as spot currency rates and forward points with adjustments made to these values
utilizing published credit default swap rates of its foreign exchange trading counterparties. The Company has determined that the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, therefore the derivatives are
categorized as Level 2.    During the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not have any nonfinancial
assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  
      F-44
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   


 
 
 9. 
 Leases   
  Capital Lease and Other Financing Obligations    Capital lease and other financing obligations consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Effective interest rate 
   
   
 Balance as
of December 31, 
   
 
    
   
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Dallas IBX financing 
    
   
 7.84 
 %  
   
 $ 
 105,069 
    
    
 $ 
 105,008 
    
 
   Toronto 1 capital lease 
    
   
 6.77 
 %  
   
   
 67,939 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Paris 3 IBX capital lease 
    
   
 8.46 
 %  
   
   
 57,202 
    
    
   
 56,045 
    
 
   Chicago 1 capital lease 
    
   
 10.00 
 %  
   
   
 56,523 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Washington, D.C. IBX capital lease 
    
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 53,755 
    
    
   
 24,477 
    
 
   Singapore 1 IBX financing 
    
   
 4.13 
 %  
   
   
 43,078 
    
    
   
 44,397 
    
 
   Los Angeles 1 capital lease 
    
   
 9.53 
 %  
   
   
 42,322 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   U.S. headquarters capital leases 
    
   
 7.46 
 %  
   
   
 39,699 
    
    
   
 39,095 
    
 
   Toronto 2 IBX financing 
    
   
 8.51 
 %  
   
   
 38,713 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Hong Kong 2 IBX financing 
    
   
 6.92 
 %  
   
   
 38,558 
    
    
   
 39,131 
    
 
   Singapore 2 IBX financing 
    
   
 6.20 
 %  
   
   
 35,449 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Los Angeles 3 IBX financing 
    
   
 7.75 
 %  
   
   
 34,788 
    
    
   
 35,640 
    
 
   Seattle 3 IBX financing 
    
   
 8.37 
 %  
   
   
 34,689 
    
    
   
 30,928 
    
 
   New York 4 capital lease 
    
   
 12.80 
 %  
   
   
 24,117 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   New York 5 and 6 IBX lease 
    
   
 8.49 
 %  
   
   
 22,148 
    
    
   
 20,865 
    
 
   New Jersey capital lease 
    
   
 8.60 
 %  
   
   
 21,399 
    
    
   
 22,485 
    
 
   DC 10 IBX financing 
    
   
 10.96 
 %  
   
   
 17,576 
    
    
   
 17,429 
    
 
   New York 9 capital lease 
    
   
 5.50 
 %  
   
   
 16,228 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Philadelphia 1 capital lease 
    
   
 12.69 
 %  
   
   
 15,430 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Zurich 4 IBX financing 
    
   
 3.50 
 %  
   
   
 15,713 
    
    
   
 12,190 
    
 
   Sunnyvale capital lease 
    
   
 8.60 
 %  
   
   
 13,294 
    
    
   
 14,063 
    
 
   Sydney 3 IBX financing 
    
   
 7.65 
 %  
   
   
 10,530 
    
    
   
 11,729 
    
 
   San Jose IBX equipment & fiber financing 
    
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 10,766 
    
    
   
 11,711 
    
 
   Zurich 5 IBX financing 
    
   
 20.68 
 %  
   
   
 10,540 
    
    
   
 9,268 
    
 
   London IBX financing (1) 
    
   
 8.76 
 %  
   
   
 6,468 
    
    
   
 17,561 
    
 
   Other capital lease and financing obligations 
    
   
 7.99 
 %  
   
   
 99,253 
    
    
   
 49,037 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 931,246 
    
    
 $ 
 561,059 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   New York 4 Capital Lease    In December 2013, the Company entered into a lease amendment for its New York 4 IBX data center (the “New York 4 Lease”) to extend the lease term. The lease was originally accounted for as
an operating lease. Pursuant to the accounting standard for leases, the Company reassessed the lease classification of the New York 4 Lease as a result of the lease amendment and determined that the lease should be accounted for as a capital
lease (the “New York 4 Capital Lease”). The Company recorded a capital lease asset totaling approximately $23,208,000 and a capital lease liability totaling approximately $24,100,000 during the year ended December 31, 2013.
Monthly payments under the New York 4 Capital Lease will be made through September 2036.    Philadelphia 1 Capital Lease  
 In December 2013, the Company entered into a lease amendment for its Philadelphia 1 IBX data center (the “Philadelphia 1 Lease”)
to extend the lease term and lease additional space. The lease was originally accounted for as an operating lease. Pursuant to the accounting standard for leases, the Company reassessed the lease classification of the Philadelphia 1 Lease
as a result of the lease amendment and determined that the lease should be accounted for as a capital lease (the “Philadelphia 1 Capital Lease”). The Company recorded a capital lease asset totaling approximately $15,366,000 and a
capital lease liability totaling approximately $15,430,000 during the three months ended December 31, 2013. Monthly payments under the Philadelphia 1 Capital Lease will be made through December 2023.  
      F-45
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  London IBX Financing   In November 2013, the Company entered into new leases with the landlord of the Company’s London 4 and London 5 IBX data centers, replacing the existing leases, and through such leases acquired
certain rights to the London 4 and London 5 IBX data center buildings and land for an upfront payment of approximately $37,065,000 and payment of on-going rent. Concurrently, the Company entered into a lease agreement for an adjacent parcel of
undeveloped land, including the right to construct the Company’s London 6 IBX data center on the land (collectively, the “London IBX Data Centers Expansion”). The total contractual obligation over the estimated term of the three
new leases is collectively approximately $235,780,000, excluding the upfront payment, with the remainder to be paid in quarterly installments. The total contractual obligation was allocated to each element of the London IBX Data Centers
Expansion based on their relative fair values. The London 4 and London 5 IBX data center leases (collectively, the “London 4 and 5 Leases”) were originally accounted for as financed leases pursuant to the accounting standard for
lessee’s involvement in asset construction, since the Company was considered the owner of the buildings due to the building work that the Company undertook. As a result, the Company recorded building assets and related financing
liabilities for the buildings, while the underlying ground leases were accounted for as operating leases. As a result of the new leases, the Company accounted for the prepayment of the London 4 and 5 Leases’ financing liabilities as a debt
extinguishment and recorded a loss on debt extinguishment (see Note 10) during the three months ended December 31, 2013. The lease for the underlying land where the Company will construct its London 6 IBX data center is accounted for as an
operating lease. Quarterly payments under the agreements will be made from December 2013. The Company has certain renewal options available after December 2043, of which one renewal option has been included in the Company’s estimated
lease term.    Digital Realty Capital Leases    In September 2013, the Company entered into lease amendments with Digital Realty Trust, Inc. to extend the lease term of the Company’s Chicago 1, Dallas 4, Washington D.C. 3, Los Angeles 1 and Miami
2 IBX data centers. The leases were originally accounted for as operating leases, with the exception of the Washington D.C. 3 lease which was originally accounted for as a capital lease. Pursuant to the accounting standard for leases, the
Company reassessed the lease classification of the leases as a result of the lease amendments and determined that upon the amendments each of the leases should be accounted for as a capital lease (the “Digital Realty Capital
Leases”). The Company recorded incremental capital lease assets totaling approximately $138,826,000 and capital lease liabilities totaling approximately $143,972,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2013. Monthly payments
under the Digital Realty Capital Leases commenced in October 2013 and will be made through October 2034. The Company has certain renewal options available after October 2034, which have not been included in the lease terms.  
 Toronto 1 Capital Lease  
 In May 2013, the Company entered into a lease amendment for its first IBX data center in Toronto, Canada (the “Toronto 1 Lease”)
to extend the lease term. The lease was originally accounted for as an operating lease. Pursuant to the accounting standard for leases, the Company reassessed the lease classification of the Toronto 1 Lease as a result of the lease
amendment and determined that the majority of the lease should be accounted for as a capital lease (the “Toronto 1 Capital Lease”). The Company recorded a capital lease asset totaling approximately $67,346,000 and liability totaling
approximately $68,370,000 during the three months ended June 30, 2013. Monthly payments under the Toronto 1 Capital Lease commenced in June 2013 and will be made through April 2040.    Singapore 2 IBX Financing    In May 2013, the Company commenced construction
work to make structural changes to its leased space within its second IBX data center in Singapore (the “Singapore 2 IBX Financing”). The lease was originally accounted for as an operating lease. Pursuant to the accounting
standard for lessee’s involvement in asset construction, the Company is considered the owner of the assets during the construction period. As a result, the Company recorded a building asset totaling approximately $34,749,000 and
corresponding financing liability totaling approximately $36,030,000 during the three months ended June 30, 2013. Monthly payments under the Singapore 2 IBX Financing commenced in May 2013 and will be made through September 2022.  
      F-46
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Singapore 3 IBX Financing  
 In March 2013, the Company entered into a lease for land and a building that the Company and the landlord will jointly develop into the
Company’s third IBX data center in the Singapore metro area (the “Singapore 3 Lease”). The Singapore 3 Lease has a term of 20 years, with an option to purchase the property. If the option to purchase the property is not
exercised, the Company has options to extend the lease. The total cumulative minimum rent obligation over the term of the lease is approximately $159,040,000, exclusive of renewal periods. The landlord began construction of the building to the
Company’s specifications in August 2013. Pursuant to the accounting standard for lessee’s involvement in asset construction, the Company will be considered the owner of the building during the construction phase due to the building work
that the landlord and the Company will be undertaking, while the underlying land is considered an operating lease. As a result, the Company recorded a building asset and corresponding financing liability totaling approximately $4,861,000 during the
year ended December 31, 2013. Monthly payments under the Singapore 3 IBX Financing are expected to commence in January 2015 and will be made through December 2034.    New York 9 Capital Lease    In February 2013, the Company entered into a
lease amendment for a portion of its New York 9 IBX data center (the “New York 9 Lease”) to extend the lease term. The lease was originally accounted for as an operating lease. Pursuant to the accounting standard for leases, the
Company reassessed the lease classification of the New York 9 Lease as a result of the lease amendment and determined that the lease should be accounted for as a capital lease (the “New York 9 Capital Lease”). The Company recorded a
capital lease asset totaling approximately $16,057,000 and a capital lease liability totaling approximately $16,119,000 during the year ended December 31, 2013. Monthly payments under the New York 9 Capital Lease will be made through August
2025.    Toronto 2 IBX Financing    In November 2012, the Company entered into a lease for land and a building that the Company and the landlord would jointly develop to meet its needs and which it would ultimately convert into its second
IBX data center in the Toronto, Canada metro area (the “Toronto 2 IBX Financing” and the “Toronto Lease”). The Toronto Lease has a fixed term of 15 years, with options to renew, commencing from the date the landlord delivers the
completed building to the Company. The Toronto Lease has a total cumulative minimum rent obligation of approximately $140,565,000, exclusive of renewal periods. The landlord began construction of the building to the Company’s specifications in
February 2013. Pursuant to the accounting standard for lessee’s involvement in asset construction, the Company is considered the owner of the building during the construction phase due to the building work that the landlord and the Company are
undertaking. As a result, as of September 30, 2013, the Company has recorded a building asset and a related financing liability totaling approximately $21,375,000, while the underlying land is considered an operating lease. Monthly payments
under the Toronto Lease will commence in October 2015 and will be made through September 2029.    Dallas IBX Financing  
 In December 2012, the Company began construction to physically connect the spaces included in multiple individual leases within the same
property in Dallas to meet the Company’s needs. Pursuant to the accounting standard for lessee’s involvement in asset construction, the Company is considered the owner of the assets during the construction phase due to the building
work that the Company is undertaking. As a result, the Company recorded a building asset totaling approximately $98,825,000 and a corresponding financing obligation liability totaling approximately $105,008,000 as of December 31, 2012 (the
“Dallas IBX Financing”). Monthly payments under the Dallas IBX Financing will be made through December 2029 at a weighted-average effective interest rate of 7.91% per annum.  
      F-47
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Maturities of Capital Lease and Other Financing Obligations  
 The Company’s capital lease and other financing obligations are summarized as follows as of December 31, 2013 (dollars in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Capital lease obligations 
   
   
 Other financing obligations 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 41,124 
    
   
 $ 
 44,262 
    
   
 $ 
 85,386 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 43,317 
    
   
   
 51,548 
    
   
   
 94,865 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 43,746 
    
   
   
 55,917 
    
   
   
 99,663 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 44,681 
    
   
   
 56,000 
    
   
   
 100,681 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 46,093 
    
   
   
 58,916 
    
   
   
 105,009 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 646,431 
    
   
   
 541,081 
    
   
   
 1,187,512 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total minimum lease payments 
    
   
 865,392 
    
   
   
 807,724 
    
   
   
 1,673,116 
    
 
   Plus amount representing residual property value 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 388,092 
    
   
   
 388,092 
    
 
   Less estimated building costs 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48,344 
 )  
   
   
 (48,344 
 )  
 
   Less amount representing interest 
    
   
 (455,905 
 )  
   
   
 (625,713 
 )  
   
   
 (1,081,618 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Present value of net minimum lease payments 
    
   
 409,487 
    
   
   
 521,759 
    
   
   
 931,246 
    
 
   Less current portion 
    
   
 (9,204 
 )  
   
   
 (8,010 
 )  
   
   
 (17,214 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 400,283 
    
   
 $ 
 513,749 
    
   
 $ 
 914,032 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Operating Leases    The Company currently leases the majority of its IBX data centers and certain equipment under noncancelable operating lease agreements. The majority of the Company’s operating leases for its land and
IBX data centers expire at various dates through 2043 with renewal options available to the Company. The lease agreements typically provide for base rental rates that increase at defined intervals during the term of the lease. In addition, the
Company has negotiated some rent expense abatement periods for certain leases to better match the phased build out of its IBX data centers. The Company accounts for such abatements and increasing base rentals using the straight-line method over the
life of the lease. The difference between the straight-line expense and the cash payment is recorded as deferred rent (see Note 6, “Other Current Liabilities” and “Other Liabilities”).  
 Minimum future operating lease payments as of December 31, 2013 are summarized as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Year ending: 
    
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 91,658 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 81,848 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 79,806 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 75,692 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 72,817 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 552,357 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 954,178 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Total rent expense was approximately $112,704,000, $113,338,000 and $111,787,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
      F-48
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   


 
 
 10. 
 Debt Facilities  
  Mortgage and Loans Payable    The Company’s non-convertible debt consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   U.S. term loan 
    
 $ 
 140,000 
    
   
 $ 
 180,000 
    
 
   ALOG financings 
    
   
 67,882 
    
   
   
 48,807 
    
 
   Mortgage payable 
    
   
 43,497 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Paris 4 IBX financing 
    
   
 122 
    
   
   
 8,071 
    
 
   Other loans payable 
    
   
 1,707 
    
   
   
 4,084 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 253,208 
    
   
   
 240,962 
    
 
   Less current portion 
    
   
 (53,508 
 )  
   
   
 (52,160 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 199,700 
    
   
 $ 
 188,802 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   U.S. Financing    In June 2012, the Company entered into a credit agreement with a group of lenders for a $750,000,000 credit facility (the “U.S. Financing”), comprised of a $200,000,000 term loan facility (the
“U.S. Term Loan”) and a $550,000,000 multicurrency revolving credit facility (the “U.S. Revolving Credit Line”). The U.S. Financing contains several financial covenants with which the Company must comply on a quarterly basis,
including a maximum senior leverage ratio covenant, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant and a minimum tangible net worth covenant. The U.S. Financing is guaranteed by certain of the Company’s domestic subsidiaries and is secured by
the Company’s and guarantors’ accounts receivable as well as pledges of the equity interests of certain of the Company’s direct and indirect subsidiaries. The U.S. Term Loan and U.S. Revolving Credit Line both have a five-year term,
subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions with respect to the Company’s outstanding convertible subordinated notes. The Company is required to repay the principal balance of the U.S. Term Loan in equal quarterly installments over the
term. The U.S. Term Loan bears interest at a rate based on LIBOR or, at the option of the Company, the Base Rate (defined as the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the Bank of America prime rate and
(c) one-month LIBOR plus 1.00%) plus, in either case, a margin that varies as a function of the Company’s senior leverage ratio in the range of 1.25%-2.00% per annum if the Company elects to use the LIBOR index and in the range of
0.25%-1.00% per annum if the Company elects to use the Base Rate index. In July 2012, the Company fully utilized the U.S. Term Loan and used the funds to prepay the outstanding balance of and terminate a multi-currency credit facility in the
Company’s Asia-Pacific region. The U.S. Revolving Credit Line allows the Company to borrow, repay and reborrow over the term. The U.S. Revolving Credit Line provides a sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit of up to $150,000,000 at any
one time. The Company may use the U.S. Revolving Credit Line for working capital, capital expenditures, issuance of letters of credit, and other general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the U.S. Revolving Credit Line bear interest at a rate
based on LIBOR or, at the option of the Company, the Base Rate (defined above) plus, in either case, a margin that varies as a function of the Company’s senior leverage ratio in the range of 0.95%-1.60% per annum if the Company elects to
use the LIBOR index and in the range of 0.00%-0.60% per annum if the Company elects to use the Base Rate index. The Company is required to pay a quarterly letter of credit fee on the face amount of each letter of credit, which fee is based
on the same margin that applies from time to time to LIBOR-indexed borrowings under the U.S. Revolving Credit Line. The Company is also required to pay a quarterly facility fee ranging from 0.30%-0.40% per annum of the U.S. Revolving Credit
Line (regardless of the amount utilized), which fee also varies as a function of the Company’s senior leverage ratio. In June 2012, the outstanding letters of credit issued under an existing revolving credit facility were assumed under the
U.S. Revolving Credit Line and the existing revolving credit facility was terminated.  
      F-49
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  In February 2013, the U.S. Financing was amended to modify certain definitions of items
used in the calculation of the financial covenants with which the Company must comply on a quarterly basis to exclude the write-off of any unamortized debt issuance costs that were incurred in connection with the issuance of the 8.125% Senior Notes;
to exclude one-time transaction costs, fees, premiums and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the issuance of the 4.875% Senior Notes and 5.375% Senior Notes and the redemption of the 8.125% Senior Notes; and to exclude the 8.125%
Senior Notes from the calculation of total leverage for the period ended March 31, 2013, provided that certain conditions in connection with the redemption of the 8.125% Senior Notes were satisfied. The amendment also postponed the
step-down of the maximum senior leverage ratio covenant from the three months ended March 31, 2013 to the three months ended September 30, 2013.    In September 2013, the U.S. Financing was further amended. Among other changes, the amendment (i) modified certain covenants to accommodate the Company’s planned conversion to a REIT, and
related matters; (ii) replaced the maximum senior leverage ratio covenant with a maximum senior net leverage ratio covenant and modified the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and tangible net worth covenants; (iii) modified certain
defined terms used in the calculation of the financial covenants to exclude certain expenses incurred by the Company in connection with its planned REIT conversion; and (iv) permits the Company to request an increase in the U.S. Revolving
Credit Line of up to an additional $250,000,000, subject to various conditions including the receipt of lender commitments.  
 As of December 31, 2013, the effective interest rate under the U.S. Term Loan was 2.17% per annum. As of December 31,
2013, the Company had 17 irrevocable letters of credit totaling $33,208,000 issued and outstanding under the U.S. Revolving Credit Line. As a result, the amount available to the Company to borrow under the U.S. Revolving Credit Line was $516,792,000
as of December 31, 2013. As of December 31, 2013, the Company was in compliance with all covenants of the U.S. Financing. Debt issuance costs related to the U.S. Financing, net of amortization, were $7,985,000 as of December 31, 2013.
   ALOG Financings    2013 ALOG Financing     In November 2013, ALOG completed a 60,318,000
Brazilian real borrowing agreement, or approximately $25,536,000 (the “2013 ALOG Financing”). The 2013 ALOG Financing has a five-year term with semi-annual principal payments beginning in the third year of its term and semi-annual
interest payments during the entire term. The 2013 ALOG Financing bears an interest rate of 2.25% above the local borrowing rate. The 2013 ALOG Financing contains financial covenants, which ALOG must comply with annually, consisting of a
leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio. As of December 31, 2013, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2013 ALOG Financing. The 2013 ALOG Financing is not guaranteed by ALOG or the Company. The 2013 ALOG
Financing is not secured by ALOG’s or the Company’s assets. The 2013 ALOG Financing has a final maturity date of November 2018. During the three months ended December 31, 2013, ALOG fully utilized the 2013 ALOG Financing. As of
December 31, 2013, the effective interest rate under the 2013 ALOG Financing was 12.24% per annum.   2012 ALOG
Financing     In June 2012, ALOG completed a 100,000,000 Brazilian real borrowing agreement, or approximately $48,807,000 (the
“2012 ALOG Financing”). The 2012 ALOG Financing has a five-year term with semi-annual principal payments beginning in the third year of its term and quarterly interest payments during the entire term. The 2012 ALOG Financing bears an
interest rate of 2.75% above the local borrowing rate. The 2012 ALOG Financing contains financial covenants, which ALOG must comply with annually, consisting of a leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio. As of December 31, 2012, the
Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2012 ALOG Financing. The 2012 ALOG Financing is not guaranteed by ALOG or the Company. The 2012 ALOG Financing is not secured by ALOG’s or the Company’s assets. The 2012 ALOG
Financing has a final maturity date of June 2017. During the three months ended September 30, 2012, ALOG fully utilized the 2012 ALOG Financing and used a portion of the funds to prepay and terminate ALOG loans payable outstanding. As of
December 31, 2012, the effective interest rate under the 2012 ALOG Financing was 12.52% per annum.  
      F-50
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Mortgage Payable    In October 2013, as a result of the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition, the Company assumed a mortgage payable of $42,906,000 (see Note 3) with an effective interest rate of 4.25%. The mortgage
payable has monthly principal and interest payments and has an expiration date of August 2022.    Paris 4 IBX Financing  
 In March 2011, the Company entered into two agreements with two unrelated parties to purchase and develop a building that became the
Company’s fourth IBX data center in the Paris metro area, which opened for business in August 2012. The first agreement, as amended, allowed the Company the right to purchase the property for a total fee of approximately $19,782,000,
payable to a company that held exclusive rights (including power rights) to the property and was already in the process of developing the property into a data center and has, instead, become the anchor tenant in the Paris 4 IBX data center once it
opened for business, which occurred in August 2012. The second agreement was entered into with the developer of the property and allowed the Company to take immediate title to the building and associated land and also required the developer to
construct the data center to the Company’s specifications and deliver the completed data center to the Company in July 2012 for a total fee of approximately $101,485,000. Of the amounts paid under the Paris 4 IBX Financing, a total of
approximately $14,771,000 was allocated to land and building assets, $3,374,000 was allocated to a deferred charge, which is being netted against revenue associated with the anchor tenant of the Paris 4 IBX data center over the term of the customer
contract, and the remainder totaling $103,122,000 was allocated to construction costs inclusive of interest charges.    Convertible Debt
   The Company’s convertible debt consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes 
    
 $ 
 395,986 
    
   
 $ 
 395,986 
    
 
   4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 373,724 
    
   
   
 373,730 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 769,710 
    
   
   
 769,716 
    
 
   Less amount representing debt discount 
    
   
 (45,508 
 )  
   
   
 (60,990 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 724,202 
    
   
 $ 
 708,726 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes    In September 2007, the Company issued $395,986,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes due October 15, 2014 (the “3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes”).
Interest is payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, and commenced April 15, 2008.    The
3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes are governed by an Indenture dated as of September 26, 2007, between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes Indenture”).
The 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes Indenture does not contain any financial covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the incurrence of senior debt or other indebtedness, or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the
Company. The 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes are unsecured and rank junior in right of payment to the Company’s existing or future senior debt and equal in right of payment to the Company’s existing and future subordinated debt.
 
      F-51
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Holders of the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes may convert their notes at their
option on any day up to and including the business day immediately preceding the maturity date into shares of the Company’s common stock. The base conversion rate is 7.436 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of 3.00% Convertible
Subordinated Notes, subject to adjustment. This represents a base conversion price of approximately $134.48 per share of common stock. If, at the time of conversion, the applicable stock price of the Company’s common stock exceeds the base
conversion price, the conversion rate will be determined pursuant to a formula resulting in the receipt of up to 4.4616 additional shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes, subject to adjustment.
However, in no event would the total number of shares issuable upon conversion of the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes exceed 11.8976 per $1,000 principal amount of 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes, subject to anti-dilution adjustments,
or the equivalent of $84.05 per share of the Company’s common stock or a total of 4,711,283 shares of the Company’s common stock. As of December 31, 2013, the Company expects the holders of the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes to
convert their notes into shares of the Company’s common stock prior to the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes maturity date since the Company’s stock price was greater than the base conversion price of the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated
Notes. As a result, the Company determined that the principal amount of the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes should be classified as non-current convertible debt on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2013
due to the Company’s expectation that the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes will be settled in shares of the Company’s common stock instead of cash. As of December 31, 2013, had the holders of the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated
Notes converted their notes, the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes would have been convertible into 3,370,419 shares of the Company’s common stock.    The conversion rates may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events, including for any cash dividend, but they will not be adjusted for accrued and unpaid interest. Holders of the 3.00% Convertible
Subordinated Notes will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest upon conversion of a note. Accrued but unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid in full upon conversion rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited.
The Company may not redeem the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes at its option.    Holders of the 3.00% Convertible
Subordinated Notes have the right to require the Company to purchase with cash all or a portion of the Convertible Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change such as change of control at a purchase price equal to 100% of the
principal amount of the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. Following certain corporate transactions that constitute a change of control, the Company will increase
the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes in connection with such change of control in certain circumstances.    The Company has considered the accounting standard for debt with conversion and other options and for derivatives and hedging and has determined that the 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes do not
contain a beneficial conversion feature as the fair value of the Company’s common stock on the date of issuance was less than the initial conversion price outlined in the agreement.    4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes    In June 2009, the Company issued
$373,750,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes due June 15, 2016 (the “4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes”). Interest is payable semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 of each year and
commenced on December 15, 2009.    The 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes are governed by an Indenture dated as of
June 12, 2009, between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes Indenture”). The 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes Indenture does not contain any financial
covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the incurrence of senior debt or other indebtedness, or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the Company. The 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes are unsecured and rank junior in
right of payment to the Company’s existing or future senior debt and equal in right of payment to the Company’s existing and future subordinated debt.    Upon conversion, holders will receive, at the Company’s election, cash, shares of the Company’s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company’s common stock. However, the
Company may at any time irrevocably elect for the remaining term of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes to satisfy its obligation in cash up to 100% of the principal amount of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes, with any remaining amount
to be satisfied, at the Company’s election, in shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock.  
      F-52
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The initial conversion rate is 11.8599 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal
amount of 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes, subject to adjustment. This represents an initial conversion price of approximately $84.32 per share of common stock. Holders of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes may convert their notes at any
time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date under the following circumstances:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   during any fiscal quarter (and only during that fiscal quarter) ending after December 31, 2009, if the sale price of the Company’s common
stock, for at least 20 trading days during the period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the previous fiscal quarter, is greater than 130% of the conversion price per share of common stock on such last trading day,
which was $109.62 per share (the “Stock Price Condition Conversion Clause”);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   subject to certain exceptions, during the five business day period following any 10 consecutive trading day period in which the trading price of the
4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes for each day of such period was less than 98% of the product of the sale price of the Company’s common stock and the conversion rate (the “4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes Parity Provision
Clause”);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions described in the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes Indenture, such as a consolidation,
merger or binding share exchange in which the Company’s common stock would be converted into cash or property other than securities (the “Corporate Action Provision Clause”); or  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   at any time on or after March 15, 2016.    Upon conversion, if the Company elected to pay a sufficiently large portion of the conversion obligation in cash, additional consideration beyond the $373,750,000 of gross proceeds received would be
required.    Holders of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes were eligible to convert their notes during the year ended
December 31, 2013 and are eligible to convert their notes during the three months ending March 31, 2014, since the Stock Price Condition Conversion Clause was met during the applicable periods. As of December 31, 2013, had the holders
of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes converted their notes, the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes would have been convertible into a maximum of 4,432,339 shares of the Company’s common stock.  
 The conversion rates may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events, including for any cash dividend, but they will not be
adjusted for accrued and unpaid interest. Holders of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest upon conversion of a note. Accrued but unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid
in full upon conversion rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited.    The Company does not have the right to redeem the
4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes at its option. Holders of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes have the right to require the Company to purchase with cash all or a portion of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a
fundamental change, such as a change of control at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. Following
certain corporate transactions that constitute a change of control, the Company will increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes in connection with such change of control in certain
circumstances.    Under an accounting standard for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion
(including partial cash settlement), the Company separated the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes into a liability component and an equity component. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a
similar liability (including any embedded features other than the conversion option) that does not have an associated equity component. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the embedded conversion option was determined by
deducting the fair value of the liability component from the initial proceeds ascribed to the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes as a whole. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount is amortized to
interest expense over the expected life of a similar liability that does not have an associated equity component using the effective interest method. The equity component is not remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity
classification as prescribed in the accounting standard for derivative financial instruments indexed to, and potentially settled in, an entity’s own common stock and the accounting standard for determining whether an instrument (or embedded
feature) is indexed to an entity’s own stock.  
      F-53
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Issuance and transaction costs incurred at the time of the issuance of the 4.75%
Convertible Subordinated Notes with third parties are allocated to the liability and equity components and accounted for as debt issuance costs and equity issuance costs, respectively. The 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes consisted of the
following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Equity component (1) 
    
 $ 
 104,794 
    
   
 $ 
 104,794 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liability component : 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Principal 
    
 $ 
 373,724 
    
   
 $ 
 373,730 
    
 
   Less: debt discount, net (2) 
    
   
 (45,508 
 )  
   
   
 (60,990 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net carrying amount 
    
 $ 
 328,216 
    
   
 $ 
 312,740 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Included in the consolidated balance sheets within additional paid-in capital.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 Included in the consolidated balance sheets within convertible debt and is amortized over the remaining life of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes.
   As of December 31, 2013, the remaining life of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes was 2.46 years.
   The following table sets forth total interest expense recognized related to the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes for the
years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Contractual interest expense 
    
 $ 
 17,753 
    
   
 $ 
 17,753 
    
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs 
    
   
 1,022 
    
   
   
 1,025 
    
 
   Amortization of debt discount 
    
   
 15,482 
    
   
   
 13,977 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 34,257 
    
   
 $ 
 32,755 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective interest rate of the liability component 
    
   
 10.88 
 %  
   
   
 10.88 
 %  
   To minimize the impact of potential dilution upon conversion of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes,
the Company entered into capped call transactions (“the Capped Call”) separate from the issuance of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes and paid a premium of $49,664,000 for the Capped Call. The Capped Call covers a total of
approximately 4,432,638 shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to adjustment. Under the Capped Call, the Company effectively raised the conversion price of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes from $84.32 to $114.82. Depending upon
the Company’s stock price at the time the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes are redeemed, the Capped Call will return up to 1,177,456 shares of the Company’s common stock to the Company; however, the Company will receive no benefit from
the Capped Call if the Company’s stock price is $84.32 or lower at the time of conversion and will receive less shares than the 1,177,456 share maximum as described above for share prices in excess of $114.82 at the time of conversion than it
would have received at a share price of $114.82 (the Company’s benefit from the Capped Call is capped at $114.82 and the benefit received begins to decrease above this price). In connection with the Capped Call, the Company recorded a $19,000
derivative loss in its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2009, and the remaining $49,645,000 was recorded in additional paid-in capital pursuant to the accounting standard for derivative financial instruments
indexed to, and potentially settled in, an entity’s own common stock and the accounting standard for determining whether an instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an entity’s own stock.  
      F-54
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes  
 In March 2007, the Company issued $250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes due April 15, 2012
(the “2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes”). Holders of the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes were eligible to convert their notes at any time on or after March 15, 2012 through the close of business on the business day
immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, holders would receive, at the Company’s election, cash, shares of the Company’s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company’s common stock. However, the
Company had the right at any time to irrevocably elect for the remaining term of the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes to satisfy its obligation in cash up to 100% of the principal amount of the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes converted,
with any remaining amount to be satisfied, at the Company’s election, in shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. Upon conversion, due to the conversion formulas associated with the 2.50% Convertible
Subordinated Notes, if the Company’s stock was trading at levels exceeding $112.03 per share, and if the Company elected to pay any portion of the consideration in cash, additional consideration beyond the $250,000,000 of gross proceeds
received would be required. However, in no event would the total number of shares issuable upon conversion of the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes exceed 11.6036 per $1,000 principal amount of 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes, subject
to anti-dilution adjustments, or the equivalent of $86.18 per share of common stock or a total of 2,900,900 shares of the Company’s common stock.    In April 2012, virtually all of the holders of the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes converted their notes. The Company settled the $250,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the 2.50% Convertible
Subordinated Notes, plus accrued interest, in $253,132,000 of cash and 622,867 shares of the Company’s common stock that were issued from its treasury stock. The total value of the shares of the Company’s common stock issued by the Company
was $95,915,000, which is based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock on April 16, 2012, the date the shares were issued. The number of shares issued to the holders of the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes was based on the
volume weighted average price per share of the Company’s common stock for each of the 10 consecutive trading days during the period beginning on the 12 th  scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date.  
 The following table sets forth total interest expense recognized related to the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes during the year
ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Contractual interest expense 
    
 $ 
 1,823 
    
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs 
    
   
 356 
    
 
   Amortization of debt discount 
    
   
 3,685 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total interest expense 
    
 $ 
 5,864 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Effective interest rate of the liability component 
    
   
 8.37 
 %  
   Senior Notes    The Company’s senior notes consisted of the following as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   5.375% senior notes due 2023 
    
 $ 
 1,000,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   7.00% senior notes due 2021 
    
   
 750,000 
    
    
   
 750,000 
    
 
   4.875% senior notes due 2020 
    
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   8.125% senior notes due 2018 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 750,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,250,000 
    
    
 $ 
 1,500,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      F-55
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  4.875% Senior Notes and 5.375% Senior Notes   
 In March 2013, the Company issued $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of senior notes, which consist of $500,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due April 1, 2020 (the “4.875% Senior Notes”) and $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.375% Senior Notes due April 1, 2023 (the “5.375% Senior Notes”). Interest on both
the 4.875% Senior Notes and the 5.375% Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year and commenced on October 1, 2013.    The 4.875% Senior Notes and the 5.375% Senior Notes are governed by separate indentures dated March 5, 2013, between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the
“Senior Notes Indentures”). The Senior Notes Indentures contain covenants that limit the Company’s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional debt;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends or make other restricted payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   purchase, redeem or retire capital stock or subordinated debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make asset sales;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into transactions with affiliates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into sale-leaseback transactions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   provide subsidiary guarantees;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make investments; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   merge or consolidate with any other person.    Each of these restrictions has a number of important qualifications and exceptions. The 4.875% Senior Notes and the 5.375% Senior Notes are unsecured and rank equal in right of payment with the
Company’s existing or future senior debt and senior in right of payment with the Company’s existing and future subordinated debt. The 4.875% Senior Notes and the 5.375% Senior Notes are effectively junior to the Company’s secured
indebtedness and indebtedness of its subsidiaries.    At any time prior to April 1, 2016, the Company may on any one or
more occasions redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.875% Senior Notes outstanding at a redemption price equal to 104.875% of the principal amount of the 4.875% Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to,
but not including, the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings; provided that (i) at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the 4.875% Senior Notes issued under the 4.875% Senior Notes indenture
remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (excluding the 4.875% Senior Notes held by the Company and its subsidiaries); and (ii) the redemption must occur within 90 days of the date of the closing of such equity
offering.    On or after April 1, 2017, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 4.875% Senior Notes, on any one or more
occasions, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but not including, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period
beginning on April 1 of the years indicated below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Redemption price of the 4.875% Senior Notes 
   


 
   2017 
    
   
 102.438 
 %  
 
   2018 
    
   
 101.219 
 %  
 
   2019 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
 
      F-56
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  At any time prior to April 1, 2017, the Company may also redeem all or a part of
the 4.875% Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 4.875% Senior Notes redeemed plus an applicable premium (the “4.875% Senior Notes Applicable Premium”), and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to,
but not including, the date of redemption (the “4.875% Senior Notes Redemption Date”). The 4.875% Senior Notes Applicable Premium means the greater of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.0% of the principal amount of the 4.875% Senior Notes; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the excess of: (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the 4.875% Senior Notes at April 1, 2017 as
shown in the above table, plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the 4.875% Senior Notes through April 1, 2017 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including the 4.875% Senior Notes Redemption Date),
computed using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity of the U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity most nearly equal to the period from the 4.875% Senior Notes Redemption Date to April 1, 2017, plus 0.50%; over (b) the
principal amount of the 4.875% Senior Notes.    At any time prior to April 1, 2016, the Company may on
any one or more occasions redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 5.375% Senior Notes outstanding at a redemption price equal to 105.375% of the principal amount of the 5.375% Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid
interest to, but not including, the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings; provided that (i) at least 65% of the aggregate principal amount of the 5.375% Senior Notes issued under the 5.375% Senior Notes
indenture remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption (excluding the 5.375% Senior Notes held by the Company and its subsidiaries); and (ii) the redemption must occur within 90 days of the date of the closing of such
equity offering.    On or after April 1, 2018, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 5.375% Senior Notes, on any one
or more occasions, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to, but not including, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month
period beginning on April 1 of the years indicated below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Redemption price of the 5.375% Senior Notes 
   


 
   2018 
    
   
 102.688 
 %  
 
   2019 
    
   
 101.792 
 %  
 
   2020 
    
   
 100.896 
 %  
 
   2021 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
   At any time prior to April 1, 2018, the Company may also redeem all or a part of the 5.375% Senior
Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 5.375% Senior Notes redeemed plus an applicable premium (the “5.375% Senior Notes Applicable Premium”), and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not
including, the date of redemption (the “5.375% Senior Notes Redemption Date”). The 5.375% Senior Notes Applicable Premium means the greater of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.0% of the principal amount of the 5.375% Senior Notes; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the excess of: (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the 5.375% Senior Notes at April 1, 2018 as
shown in the above table, plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the 5.375% Senior Notes through April 1, 2018 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including the 5.375% Senior Notes Redemption Date),
computed using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity of the U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity most nearly equal to the period from the 5.375% Senior Notes Redemption Date to April 1, 2018, plus 0.50%; over (b) the
principal amount of the 5.375% Senior Notes.    Debt issuance costs related to the 4.875% Senior Notes and
5.375% Senior Notes, net of amortization, were $18,503,000 as of December 31, 2013. In March 2013, the Company placed $836,400,000 of the proceeds from the issuance of the 4.875% and 5.375% Senior Notes into a restricted cash account for the
redemption of the 8.125% Senior Notes (see below).  
      F-57
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  7.00% Senior Notes    In July 2011, the Company issued $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 7.00% Senior Notes due July 15, 2021 (the “7.00% Senior Notes”). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on
January 15 and July 15 of each year and commenced on January 15, 2012.    The 7.00% Senior Notes are governed by
an indenture dated July 6, 2011 between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “7.00% Senior Notes Indenture”). The 7.00% Senior Notes Indenture contains covenants that limit the Company’s
ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional debt;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pay dividends or make other restricted payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   purchase, redeem or retire capital stock or subordinated debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make asset sales;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into transactions with affiliates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into sale-leaseback transactions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   provide subsidiary guarantees;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make investments; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   merge or consolidate with any other person.    Each of these restrictions has a number of important qualifications and exceptions. The 7.00% Senior Notes are unsecured and rank equal in right of payment to the Company’s existing or future senior
debt and senior in right of payment to the Company’s existing and future subordinated debt including the Company’s convertible debt. The 7.00% Senior Notes are effectively junior to any of the Company’s existing and future secured
indebtedness and any secured indebtedness of its subsidiaries. The 7.00% Senior Notes are also structurally subordinated to all debt and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Company’s subsidiaries and will continue to be
subordinated to the extent that these subsidiaries do not guarantee the 7.00% Senior Notes in the future.    At any time prior
to July 15, 2014, the Company may on any one or more occasions redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 7.00% Senior Notes outstanding under the 7.00% Senior Notes Indenture, at a redemption price equal to 107.000% of the
principal amount of the 7.00% Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more equity offerings, provided that (i) at least 65% of the aggregate
principal amount of the 7.00% Senior Notes issued under the 7.00% Senior Notes Indenture remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of such redemption and (ii) the redemption must occur within 90 days of the date of the closing of
such equity offerings. On or after July 15, 2016, the Company may redeem all or a part of the 7.00% Senior Notes, on any one or more occasions, at the redemption prices set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, up to,
but not including, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on July 15 of the years indicated below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Redemption price of the Senior Notes 
   


 
   2016 
    
   
 103.500 
 %  
 
   2017 
    
   
 102.333 
 %  
 
   2018 
    
   
 101.167 
 %  
 
   2019 and thereafter 
    
   
 100.000 
 %  
 
      F-58
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  In addition, at any time prior to July 15, 2016, the Company may also redeem all or
a part of the 7.00% Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 7.00% Senior Notes redeemed plus an applicable premium (the “Applicable Premium”) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not
including, the date of redemption (the “Redemption Date”). The Applicable Premium means the greater of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.0% of the principal amount of the 7.00% Senior Notes to be redeemed; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the excess of: (a) the present value at such redemption date of (i) the redemption price of the 7.00% Senior Notes to be redeemed at
July 15, 2016 as shown in the above table, plus (ii) all required interest payments due on these 7.00% Senior Notes through July 15, 2016 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including the redemption date),
computed using a discount rate equal to the yield to maturity as of the redemption date of the U.S. Treasury securities with a constant maturity most nearly equal to the period from the redemption date to July 15, 2016, plus 0.50%; over
(b) the principal amount of the 7.00% Senior Notes to be redeemed.    Upon a change in control, the
Company will be required to make an offer to purchase each holder’s 7.00% Senior Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase.  
 Debt issuance costs related to the 7.00% Senior Notes, net of amortization, were $10,704,000 as of December 31, 2013.  
 8.125% Senior Notes    In
February 2010, the Company issued $750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 8.125% Senior Notes due March 1, 2018 (the “8.125% Senior Notes”). Interest was payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year and
commenced on September 1, 2010. The indenture governing the 8.125% Senior Notes permitted the Company to redeem the 8.125% Senior Notes at the redemption prices set forth in the 8.125% Senior Notes indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest to,
but not including the redemption date.    In April 2013, the Company redeemed the entire principal amount of the 8.125% Senior
Notes pursuant to the optional redemption provisions in the indenture governing the 8.125% Senior Notes, plus accrued interest, in cash of $836,511,000, which included the applicable premium paid of $80,925,000. As a result, the Company recognized a
loss on debt extinguishment during the three months ended June 30, 2013.    Loss on Debt Extinguishment  
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recorded $108,501,000 of loss on debt extinguishment primarily comprised of
(i) $93,602,000 loss on debt extinguishment from the redemption of the 8.125% Senior Notes, which included $8,927,000 related to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and $3,750,000 of other transaction-related fees,
(ii) $13,189,000 from the London IBX Financing (see Note 9) and (iii) $1,710,000 from an amendment of the New York 5 and 6 IBX lease.    During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company recorded $5,204,000 of loss on debt extinguishment due to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the prepayment and
termination of a multi-currency credit facility in the Company’s Asia-Pacific region.  
      F-59
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Maturities of Debt Facilities  
 The following table sets forth maturities of the Company’s debt, including loans payable, convertible debt and senior notes, as of
December 31, 2013 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Year ending: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 449,490 
    
 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 57,358 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 434,853 
    
 
   2017 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 35,143 
    
 
   2018 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 9,156 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 2,286,918 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 3,272,918 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Gross of $45,508 debt discount from the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes.    Fair Value of Debt Facilities    The following table sets forth the
estimated fair values of the Company’s loans payable, senior notes and convertible debt, including current maturities, as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Mortgage and loans payable 
    
 $ 
 254,607 
    
    
 $ 
 238,793 
    
 
   Convertible debt 
    
   
 1,009,744 
    
    
   
 1,144,568 
    
 
   Senior Notes 
    
   
 2,302,290 
    
    
   
 1,661,400 
    
   Interest Charges    The following table sets forth total interest costs incurred and total interest costs capitalized for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Interest expense 
    
 $ 
 248,792 
    
    
 $ 
 200,328 
    
    
 $ 
 181,303 
    
 
   Interest capitalized 
    
   
 10,608 
    
    
   
 30,643 
    
    
   
 13,578 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Interest charges incurred 
    
 $ 
 259,400 
    
    
 $ 
 230,971 
    
    
 $ 
 194,881 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 11. 
 Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests   
  As a result of the ALOG Acquisition (Note 3), the Company recorded redeemable non-controlling interests. Given the
provisions in the ALOG Acquisition related to the put and call options, the Company adjusts its redeemable non-controlling interests to redemption value on each balance sheet date with corresponding increases/decreases recognized as adjustments to
retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital. The redemption value of the non-controlling interests is estimated by applying an income approach. Under the income approach, the Company develops a
cash flow forecast and uses its estimated weighted-average cost of capital applicable to ALOG as the discount rate. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value of the non-controlling interests include projected revenue
growth, sales and marketing expenses, operating margins, capital expenditures and the discount rate. The measurement of the redemption value of the non-controlling interests was based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market
and thus represents a Level 3 measurement.  
      F-60
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table provides a summary of the activities of the Company’s
redeemable non-controlling interests (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
  67,601 
    
 
   Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 3,116 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (6,485 
 )  
 
   Change in redemption value of non-controlling interests 
    
   
 21,270 
    
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (1,324 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 84,178 
    
 
   Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 1,438 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (7,526 
 )  
 
   Change in redemption value of non-controlling interests 
    
   
 47,940 
    
 
   Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    
   
 (2,128 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 123,902 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 12. 
 Stockholders’ Equity  
  The Company’s authorized share capital is 300,000,000 shares of common stock and 100,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, of which 25,000,000 is designated Series A, 25,000,000 is designated as Series A-1 and 50,000,000 is undesignated. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had no preferred stock issued and outstanding.  
 Common Stock    As
of December 31, 2013, the Company has reserved the following shares of authorized but unissued shares of common stock for future issuance:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Conversion of 3.00% Convertible Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 4,711,283 
    
 
   Conversion of 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 4,432,339 
    
 
   Common stock options and restricted stock units 
    
   
 7,162,679 
    
 
   Common stock employee purchase plans 
    
   
 3,414,253 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 19,720,554 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
 The components of the Company’s accumulated other comprehensive loss consisted of the following as of December 31, 2013 (in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance as
of December 31, 2012 
   
   
 Net change 
   
   
 Balance as
of December 31, 2013 
   


 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
    
 $ 
 (114,678 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (18,203 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (132,881 
 )  
 
   Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,750 
 )  
   
   
 (1,750 
 )  
 
   Unrealized gain (loss) on available for sale securities 
    
   
 41 
    
   
   
 (298 
 )  
   
   
 (257 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 13,595 
    
   
   
 7,526 
    
   
   
 21,121 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (101,042 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (12,725 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (113,767 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Changes in foreign currencies can have a significant impact to the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets (as evidenced above in the Company’s foreign currency translation gain or loss), as well as its consolidated results of operations, as amounts in foreign currencies are generally translating into more U.S. dollars when the U.S. dollar
weakens or less U.S. dollars when the U.S. dollar strengthens. At December 31, 2013, the U.S. dollar was generally stronger relative to certain of the currencies of the foreign countries in which the Company operates. This overall strength of
the U.S. dollar had an overall negative impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position because the foreign denominations translated into less U.S. dollars as evidenced by an increase in foreign currency translation loss for the year
ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 as reflected in the above table. In future periods, the volatility of the U.S. dollar as compared to the other currencies in which the Company does business could have a
significant impact on its consolidated financial position and results of operations including the amount of revenue that the Company reports in future periods.  
      F-61
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Share Repurchase Program    2013 Share Repurchase Program    In December 2013, the Company’s Board
of Directors (the “Board”) approved a share repurchase program (the “2013 Share Repurchase Program”) to repurchase up to $500,000,000 in value of the Company’s common stock in the open market or private transactions through
December 31, 2014. The 2013 Share Repurchase Program was designed to return value to the Company’s shareholders and minimize dilution from stock issuances.    During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company repurchased a total of 288,739 shares of its common stock in the open market at an average price of $169.01 per share for total consideration of
$48,799,000 under the 2013 Share Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2013, the unused balance under the 2013 Share Repurchase Program was $451,201,000.    2011 Share Repurchase Program    In November 2011, the Board approved a share
repurchase program (the “2011 Share Repurchase Program”) to repurchase up to $250,000,000 in value of the Company’s common stock in the open market or private transactions through December 31, 2012. The 2011 Share Repurchase
Program was designed to return value to the Company’s shareholders and minimize dilution from stock issuances.    During
the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company repurchased a total of 131,489 shares and 870,421 shares, respectively, of its common stock in the open market at an average price of $101.64 and $99.57 per share for total consideration
of $100,030,000 under the 2011 Share Repurchase Program. The 2011 Share Repurchase Program expired on December 31, 2012.  
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company re-issued a total of 8,266 shares of its treasury stock with a total value of
$811,000, primarily related to the settlement of restricted stock units. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company re-issued a total of 638,167 shares of its treasury stock with a total value of $63,354,000, primarily related to the
settlement of the 2.50% Convertible Subordinated Notes (see Note 10).  
      F-62
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   


 
 
 13. 
 Stock-Based Compensation  
  ALOG Equity Awards    In July 2011, ALOG, in which the Company has an indirect controlling interest (see Note 3), granted 885,840 stock options to purchase common shares of ALOG to certain of ALOG’s employees with a
weighted-average exercise price of approximately $6.35 and a weighted-average fair value of approximately $1.53 (the “2011 ALOG Stock Options”). The 2011 ALOG Stock Options were cancelled in December 2012 and replaced with a new grant of
stock options for 18,421,648 shares of which stock options for 4,711,808 shares were immediately vested (the “2012 ALOG Stock Options”). The 2012 ALOG Stock Options are accounted for as liability-classified awards under the accounting
standard for share-based payments and will be re-measured each reporting period prospectively until the underlying shares are settled. Under certain circumstances, the 2012 ALOG Stock Options are eligible for net cash settlement by the stock option
holders. The weighted-average fair value per share of the 2012 ALOG Stock Options on the date of the grant was approximately $0.11, which was computed using the Black-Scholes model with assumptions as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Average exercise price 
    
 $ 
 0.28 
    
 
   Expected life (years) 
    
   
 1.35 
    
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 0 
 %  
 
   Volatility 
    
   
 44 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 7.3 
 %  
   During the year ended December 31, 2013, stock options for 1,986,912 shares were exercised. As of
December 31, 2013, the Company had a total stock-based compensation liability of $3,778,000 from the 2012 ALOG Stock Options.  
 Equinix Equity Awards    Equity
Compensation Plans    In May 2000, the Company’s stockholders approved the adoption of the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan as
the successor plan to the 1998 Stock Plan. Beginning in August 2000, the Company no longer issued additional grants under the 1998 Stock Plan, and unexercised options under the 1998 Stock Plan that are canceled due to an optionee’s termination
may be reissued under the successor 2000 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, nonstatutory stock options, restricted shares, restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights may be granted to employees, outside directors
and consultants at not less than 85% of the fair value on the date of grant, and incentive stock options may be granted to employees at not less than 100% of the fair value on the date of grant. Options granted prior to October 1, 2005
generally expire 10 years from the grant date, and equity awards granted to employees and consultants on or after October 1, 2005 will generally expire seven years from the grant date, subject to continuous service of the optionee. Equity
awards granted under the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan generally vest over four years. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had reserved a total of 16,807,926, shares for issuance under the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of which 4,718,738 were still
available for grant. The 2000 Equity Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”), and the Compensation Committee may terminate or amend the plan, with approval of
the stockholders as may be required by applicable law, at any time.    In May 2000, the Company’s stockholders approved the
adoption of the 2000 Director Option Plan, which was amended and restated effective January 1, 2003. Under the 2000 Director Option Plan, each non-employee board member who was not previously an employee of the Company will receive an automatic
initial nonstatutory stock option grant, which vests in four annual installments. In addition, each non-employee board member will receive an annual non-statutory stock option grant on the date of the Company’s regular Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, provided the board member will continue to serve as a director thereafter. Such annual option grants shall vest in full on the earlier of a) the first anniversary of the grant, or b) the date of the regular Annual Meeting of
Stockholders held in the year following the grant date. A new director who receives an initial option will not receive an annual option in the same calendar year. Options granted under the 2000 Director Option Plan will have an option price not less
than 100% of the fair value on the date of grant and will have a 10-year contractual term, subject to continuous service of the board member. On December 18, 2008, the Company’s Board of Directors passed resolutions eliminating all
automatic stock option grant mechanisms under the 2000 Director Option Plan, and replaced them with an automatic restricted stock unit grant mechanism under the 2000 Equity Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had reserved
593,440 shares for issuance under the 2000 Director Option Plan of which 505,938 were still available for grant. The 2000 Director Option Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee and the Compensation Committee may terminate or amend the
plan, with approval of the stockholders as may be required by applicable law, at any time.  
      F-63
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  In September 2001, the Company adopted the 2001 Supplemental Stock Plan, under which
non-statutory stock options and restricted shares/restricted stock units may be granted to consultants and employees who are not executive officers or board members, at not less than 85% of the fair value on the date of grant. Options granted prior
to October 1, 2005 generally expire 10 years from the grant date, and options granted on or after October 1, 2005 will generally expire seven years from the grant date, subject to continuous service of the optionee. Current stock options
granted under the 2001 Supplemental Stock Plan generally vest over four years. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had reserved a total of 1,493,961 shares for issuance under the 2001 Supplemental Stock Plan, of which 260,326 were still
available for grant. The 2001 Supplemental Stock Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee, and the plan will continue in effect indefinitely unless the Compensation Committee decides to terminate it earlier.  
 The 1998 Stock Plan, 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, 2000 Director Option Plan, 2001 Supplemental Stock Plan and Switch and Data 2007 Stock
Incentive Plan are collectively referred to as the “Equity Compensation Plans.”    Stock Options  
 Stock option activity under the Equity Compensation Plans is summarized as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number of shares outstanding 
   
   
 Weighted- average exercise price per share 
   
    
 Weighted- average remaining contractual life (years) 
   
    
 Aggregate intrinsic value (1) (dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2010 
    
   
 1,469,366 
    
   
 $ 
 62.77 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (478,832 
 )  
   
   
 54.17 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options canceled 
    
   
 (70,618 
 )  
   
   
 92.55 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2011 
    
   
 919,916 
    
   
   
 64.96 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (615,754 
 )  
   
   
 63.19 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options canceled 
    
   
 (7,633 
 )  
   
   
 63.47 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 296,529 
    
   
   
 68.68 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (147,819 
 )  
   
   
 63.66 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options canceled 
    
   
 (655 
 )  
   
   
 3.06 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 148,055 
    
   
   
 73.99 
    
    
   
 1.98 
    
    
 $ 
 15,318 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options vested and exercisable at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 148,055 
    
   
   
 73.99 
    
    
   
 1.98 
    
    
   
 15,318 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value of the stock as of December 31, 2013 and the exercise price of the option.
 
      F-64
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table summarizes information about outstanding stock options as of
December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Exercisable 
   
 
   Range of exercise prices 
    
 Number of shares 
   
    
 Weighted- average remaining contractual life (years) 
   
    
 Weighted- average exercise price 
   
    
 Number of shares 
   
    
 Weighted- average exercise price 
   


 
   $29.80 to $44.89 
    
   
 47,918 
    
    
   
 1.22 
    
    
 $ 
 41.15 
    
    
   
 47,918 
    
    
 $ 
 41.15 
    
 
   $57.24 to $86.19 
    
   
 38,014 
    
    
   
 2.57 
    
    
   
 80.95 
    
    
   
 38,014 
    
    
   
 80.95 
    
 
   $86.42 to $94.49 
    
   
 42,152 
    
    
   
 2.73 
    
    
   
 91.98 
    
    
   
 42,152 
    
    
   
 91.98 
    
 
   $94.98 to $112.41 
    
   
 19,971 
    
    
   
 1.07 
    
    
   
 101.57 
    
    
   
 19,971 
    
    
   
 101.57 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 148,055 
    
    
   
 1.98 
    
    
   
 73.99 
    
    
   
 148,055 
    
    
   
 73.99 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The Company provides the following additional disclosures for stock options as of December 31
(dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Total fair value of stock options vested 
    
 $ 
 485 
    
    
 $ 
 1,111 
    
    
 $ 
 5,183 
    
 
   Total aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised (1) 
    
   
 19,385 
    
    
   
 54,761 
    
    
   
 19,765 
    
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value of the stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the option.
   Restricted Shares and Restricted Stock Units  
 Restricted Shares     During 2006 and 2007, the Company granted issued and outstanding restricted shares to its executive officers. At the date of the grant, the Company issued these shares into restricted book-entry escrow
accounts under the names of each of the executive officers. These shares had voting rights and were considered issued and outstanding. They were released from the escrow account as they vested. However, they were subject to forfeiture (and,
therefore, canceled) if the individual officers did not meet the vesting requirements. The activity of these restricted shares is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number of shares outstanding 
   
   
 Weighted-average grant date
fair value per share 
   


 
   Restricted shares outstanding, December 31, 2010 
    
   
 31,334 
    
   
 $ 
 72.30 
    
 
   Restricted shares released, vested 
    
   
 (23,834 
 )  
   
   
 68.67 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Restricted shares outstanding, December 31, 2011 
    
   
 7,500 
    
   
   
 83.84 
    
 
   Restricted shares released, vested 
    
   
 (7,500 
 )  
   
   
 83.84 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Restricted shares outstanding, December 31, 2012 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
      F-65
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Restricted Stock Units    Since 2008, the Company primarily grants restricted stock units to its employees, including executives and non-employee directors, in lieu of stock options. The Company generally grants restricted stock
units that have a service condition only or have both a service and performance condition. Each restricted stock unit is not considered issued and outstanding and does not have voting rights until it is converted into one share of the Company’s
common stock upon vesting. Restricted stock unit activity is summarized as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number of shares outstanding 
   
   
 Weighted- average grant date fair value per share 
   
    
 Weighted- average remaining contractual life (years) 
   
    
 Aggregate intrinsic value (1) (dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2010 
    
   
 1,466,342 
    
   
 $ 
 80.68 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units granted 
    
   
 1,039,259 
    
   
   
 88.53 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units released, vested 
    
   
 (684,259 
 )  
   
   
 79.88 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units canceled 
    
   
 (143,077 
 )  
   
   
 86.43 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2011 
    
   
 1,678,265 
    
   
   
 85.37 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units granted 
    
   
 821,885 
    
   
   
 148.93 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units released, vested 
    
   
 (777,256 
 )  
   
   
 88.44 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units canceled 
    
   
 (139,054 
 )  
   
   
 103.93 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 1,583,840 
    
   
   
 115.22 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units granted 
    
   
 775,029 
    
   
   
 204.20 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units released, vested 
    
   
 (738,767 
 )  
   
   
 199.14 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units canceled 
    
   
 (110,720 
 )  
   
   
 138.27 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 1,509,382 
    
   
   
 122.05 
    
    
   
 1.17 
    
    
 $ 
 267,840 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The intrinsic value is calculated based on the market value of the stock as of December 31, 2013.  
 Total fair value of restricted stock units vested and released during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was
$147,119,000, $68,738,000 and $54,659,000.    Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
 In June 2004, the Company’s stockholders approved the adoption of the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “2004 Purchase
Plan”) as a successor plan to a previous plan that ceased activity in 2005. A total of 500,000 shares have been reserved for issuance under the 2004 Purchase Plan, and the number of shares available for issuance under the 2004 Purchase Plan
automatically increases on January 1 each year, beginning in 2005, by the lesser of 2% of the shares of common stock then outstanding or 500,000 shares. As of December 31, 2013, a total of 3,414,253 shares remained available for purchase
under the 2004 Purchase Plan. The 2004 Purchase Plan permits eligible employees to purchase common stock on favorable terms via payroll deductions of up to 15% of the employee’s cash compensation, subject to certain share and statutory dollar
limits. Two overlapping offering periods commence during each calendar year, on each February 15 and August 15 or such other periods or dates as determined by the Compensation Committee from time to time, and the offering periods last up
to 24 months with a purchase date every six months. The price of each share purchased is 85% of the lower of a) the fair value per share of common stock on the last trading day before the commencement of the applicable offering period or b) the fair
value per share of common stock on the purchase date. The 2004 Purchase Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, and such plan will terminate automatically in June 2014 unless a) the 2004 Purchase Plan is
extended by the Board of Directors and b) the extension is approved within 12 months by the Company’s stockholders.  
      F-66
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company provides the following disclosures for the 2004 Purchase Plan as of
December 31 (dollars, except shares):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Weighted average purchase price per share 
    
 $ 
 108.97 
    
    
 $ 
 78.22 
    
    
 $ 
 61.17 
    
 
   Weighted average grant-date fair value per share of shares purchased 
    
   
 41.30 
    
    
   
 32.33 
    
    
   
 27.58 
    
 
   Number of shares purchased 
    
   
 214,985 
    
    
   
 220,290 
    
    
   
 211,840 
    
   The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of shares purchased
under the 2004 Purchase Plan with the following weighted average assumptions for the years ended December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 47 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.37 
 %  
   
   
 0.40 
 %  
   
   
 0.43 
 %  
 
   Expected life (in years) 
    
   
 1.25 
    
   
   
 1.25 
    
   
   
 1.25 
    
   Stock-Based Compensation Recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations  
 The Company generally recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the
awards. However, for awards with market conditions or performance conditions, stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche of the award.  
 As of December 31, 2013, the total stock-based compensation cost related to unvested equity awards not yet recognized, net of
estimated forfeitures, totaled $172,702,000 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.01 years.  
 The following table presents, by operating expense, the Company’s stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Company’s
consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Cost of revenues 
    
 $ 
 7,855 
    
    
 $ 
 6,218 
    
    
 $ 
 5,569 
    
 
   Sales and marketing 
    
   
 26,538 
    
    
   
 18,730 
    
    
   
 14,558 
    
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 68,547 
    
    
   
 57,787 
    
    
   
 51,010 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 102,940 
    
    
 $ 
 82,735 
    
    
 $ 
 71,137 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company’s stock-based compensation recognized in the consolidated statement of operations was
comprised of the following types of equity awards for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Stock options 
    
 $ 
 3,456 
    
    
 $ 
 811 
    
    
 $ 
 3,604 
    
 
   Restricted shares and restricted stock units 
    
   
 88,411 
    
    
   
 73,703 
    
    
   
 61,865 
    
 
   Employee stock purchase plan 
    
   
 11,073 
    
    
   
 8,221 
    
    
   
 5,668 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 102,940 
    
    
 $ 
 82,735 
    
    
 $ 
 71,137 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company capitalized $3,305,000,
$1,743,000 and $1,431,000, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense as construction in progress in property, plant and equipment.  
      F-67
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   


 
 
 14. 
 Income Taxes  
  Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes is attributable to the following geographic locations for
the years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Domestic 
    
 $ 
 (28,362 
 )  
   
 $ 
 56,822 
    
    
 $ 
 40,828 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 140,641 
    
   
   
 131,800 
    
    
   
 88,892 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 112,279 
    
   
 $ 
 188,622 
    
    
 $ 
 129,720 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The provision for income tax from continuing operations consisted of the following components for the
years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Current: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
 $ 
 (100,035 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (55,064 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   State and local 
    
   
 (15,260 
 )  
   
   
 (21,712 
 )  
   
   
 (2,183 
 )  
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 (29,377 
 )  
   
   
 (29,344 
 )  
   
   
 (24,730 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Subtotal 
    
   
 (144,672 
 )  
   
   
 (106,120 
 )  
   
   
 (26,913 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
   
 111,721 
    
   
   
 42,568 
    
   
   
 (12,664 
 )  
 
   State and local 
    
   
 17,044 
    
   
   
 14,082 
    
   
   
 2,323 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 (249 
 )  
   
   
 (9,094 
 )  
   
   
 (93 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Subtotal 
    
   
 128,516 
    
   
   
 47,556 
    
   
   
 (10,434 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 (16,156 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (58,564 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (37,347 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The provision for income taxes attributable to the Company’s discontinued operations is included in
net income from discontinued operations and gain on sale of discontinued operations in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. State and foreign taxes not based on income are included in general and administrative expenses and the
aggregated amount is insignificant for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.    The Company is entitled to a
deduction for federal and state tax purposes with respect to employee equity award activity. The reduction in income tax payable related to windfall tax benefits for stock based compensation awards has been reflected as an adjustment to additional
paid-in capital. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the benefits arising from employee equity award activity that resulted in an adjustment to additional paid in capital were approximately $25,638,000, $84,740,000 and
$81,000, respectively.  
      F-68
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The fiscal 2013, 2012 and 2011 income tax benefit (expense) differed from the amounts
computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of 35% to pre-tax income as a result of the following for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Federal tax at statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 (39,298 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (66,019 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (45,402 
 )  
 
   State and local taxes 
    
   
 7,435 
    
   
   
 261 
    
   
   
 660 
    
 
   Deferred tax assets generated in current year not benefited 
    
   
 (4,777 
 )  
   
   
 (4,396 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Foreign income tax rate differential 
    
   
 21,392 
    
   
   
 11,466 
    
   
   
 8,234 
    
 
   Non-deductible expenses 
    
   
 (2,525 
 )  
   
   
 (2,997 
 )  
   
   
 (941 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
    
   
 (3,273 
 )  
   
   
 (832 
 )  
   
   
 (943 
 )  
 
   Change in valuation allowance 
    
   
 1,362 
    
   
   
 (3,245 
 )  
   
   
 2,342 
    
 
   Foreign financing benefits 
    
   
 4,303 
    
   
   
 7,395 
    
   
   
 5,418 
    
 
   Uncertain tax positions reserve 
    
   
 2,952 
    
   
   
 2,449 
    
   
   
 (5,733 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 (3,727 
 )  
   
   
 (2,646 
 )  
   
   
 (982 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total income tax expense 
    
 $ 
 (16,156 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (58,564 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (37,347 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company has not provided for deferred taxes on the excess of the financial reporting over the tax
basis in its investments in foreign subsidiaries that are essentially permanent in duration because the Company intends to reinvest the earnings outside the U.S. for an indefinite period of time. The determination of the additional taxes that have
not been provided is not practicable to compute based upon the complexities in tax law across the juridictions in which the Company operates. As of December 31, 2013, certain of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries had positive cumulative
undistributed earnings totaling approximately $426,353,000.    The types of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are set out below as of December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
 134,727 
    
   
 $ 
 18,972 
    
 
   Reserves and accruals 
    
   
 42,088 
    
   
   
 43,105 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
    
   
 15,877 
    
   
   
 17,235 
    
 
   Unrealized currency losses 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 280 
    
 
   State tax 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,132 
    
 
   Operating loss carryforwards 
    
   
 28,373 
    
   
   
 38,798 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross deferred tax assets 
    
   
 221,065 
    
   
   
 123,522 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (31,058 
 )  
   
   
 (44,868 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax assets, net 
    
   
 190,007 
    
   
   
 78,654 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized currency losses 
    
   
 (2,029 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Debt discount 
    
   
 (9,347 
 )  
   
   
 (13,289 
 )  
 
   Fixed assets fair value step-up 
    
   
 (24,531 
 )  
   
   
 (32,335 
 )  
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 (58,499 
 )  
   
   
 (63,102 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (94,406 
 )  
   
   
 (108,726 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax liabilities 
    
 $ 
 95,601 
    
   
 $ 
 (30,072 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The net deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, are
attributable to the Company’s operations in the United States, Canada and certain entities in Europe, Asia-Pacific and Brazil.    During the year ended December 31, 2012, as a result of the Asia Tone Acquisition, the Company recognized deferred tax liabilities of approximately $12,200,000, $2,100,000 and $860,000 in Hong Kong,
China and Singapore, respectively, attributable to identifiable intangibles and fixed assets fair value step-ups related to the acquisition. In addition, as a result of the ancotel Acquisition, the Company recognized a deferred tax liability of
approximately $13,600,000 in Germany attributable to identifiable intangibles and fixed assets fair value step-ups related to the acquisition.  
      F-69
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company’s accounting for deferred taxes involves weighing positive and negative
evidence concerning the realizability of the Company’s deferred tax assets in each tax jurisdiction. After considering such evidence as the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative financial reporting losses, and the sources of
future taxable income and tax planning strategies, management concluded that a 100% valuation allowance was required in certain foreign jurisdictions. A valuation allowance is provided for the deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities,
associated with the Company’s operations in certain jurisdictions located in the Company’s EMEA and Asia-Pacific regions, as well as an entity in Brazil. The operations in these jurisdictions still have significant losses as of the end of
2013. As such, management does not believe these operations have established a sustained history of profitability and that a valuation allowance is, therefore, necessary.    During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company released the valuation allowance of $3,211,000 against the net deferred tax assets of certain operating entities in both the America and EMEA
regions as a result of reorganizations completed in the regions during the year. In addition, the Company established full valuation allowances of $339,000 against the net deferred tax assets of certain foreign operating entities. These foreign
operating entities have incurred losses and it is expected that the businesses will not be profitable in the foreseeable future. Management cannot conclude it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets of the foreign operating entities
will be realizable in the foreseeable future as the entities have not established a sustainable profitability history.    During
the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company established full valuation allowances of $5,500,000 against the net deferred tax assets of certain foreign operating entities.  
 During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company released the valuation allowance of $2,493,000 against the deferred tax assets
of certain foreign operating entities.    Changes in valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 44,868 
    
   
 $ 
 40,863 
    
   
 $ 
 42,040 
    
 
   Recognized into income 
    
   
 (1,362 
 )  
   
   
 3,503 
    
   
   
 (2,493 
 )  
 
   Current increase 
    
   
 (10,156 
 )  
   
   
 2,428 
    
   
   
 138 
    
 
   NOL and tax credit expiration 
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 (121 
 )  
 
   Translation adjustment 
    
   
 (2,303 
 )  
   
   
 (1,940 
 )  
   
   
 1,299 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 31,058 
    
   
 $ 
 44,868 
    
   
 $ 
 40,863 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Federal and state tax laws, including California tax laws, impose substantial restrictions on the
utilization of net operating loss and credit carryforwards in the event of an “ownership change” for tax purposes, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. In 2003, the Company conducted an analysis to determine whether
an ownership change had occurred due to significant stock transactions in each of the reporting years disclosed at that time. The analysis indicated that an ownership change occurred during fiscal year 2002, which resulted in an annual limitation of
approximately $819,000 for net operating loss carryforwards generated prior to 2003. Therefore, the Company substantially reduced its federal and state net operating loss carryforwards for the periods prior to 2003 to approximately $16,400,000. In
addition, an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code was triggered in September 2007 by the issuance of 4,211,939 shares of the Company’s common stock. However, the annual limitation associated with this ownership
change is not meaningful due to the substantial market capitalization of the Company at the time of the ownership change. The Company determined that no Section 382 ownership change occurred in 2013. In addition, the net operating loss acquired
in the Switch and Data Acquisition is subject to the Section 382 limitation; however, the Company has determined that none of the acquired net operating losses will expire unused as a result of the limitation.  
      F-70
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company utilized all of its net operating loss carryforwards that were not subject
to the limitation under Section 382 as discussed above for federal income tax purposes in 2013. The Company’s U.S. operations generated significant taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 primarily due to the
large amount of taxable gain recognized during 2012 in connection with the Divestiture and the change in the tax method for depreciation of the Company’s property, plant and equipment. As the result of announcing its plan to pursue a REIT
conversion, the Company changed its methods of depreciating and amortizing various data center assets to methods that are more consistent with the characterization of such assets as real property for REIT purposes. The change in the depreciation
method resulted in the recapture of depreciation expense deducted in prior years and a much smaller amount of depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.  
 The Company’s net operating loss carryforwards for foreign tax purposes which expire, if not utilized, at various intervals from
2013, are outlined below (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Expiration Date 
    
 Federal (1) 
   
    
 State (1) 
   
    
 Foreign 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   2013 to 2015 
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
 67 
    
    
 $ 
 67 
    
 
   2016 to 2018 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 55,241 
    
    
   
 45,040 
    
    
   
 100,281 
    
 
   2019 to 2021 
    
   
 193,401 
    
    
   
 13,059 
    
    
   
 29,380 
    
    
   
 235,840 
    
 
   2022 to 2024 
    
   
 46,827 
    
    
   
 14,788 
    
    
   
 1,704 
    
    
   
 63,319 
    
 
   2025 to 2027 
    
   
 13,005 
    
    
   
 5,943 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 18,948 
    
 
   2028 to 2030 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 402 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 402 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,038 
    
    
   
 104,508 
    
    
   
 105,546 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 253,233 
    
    
 $ 
 90,471 
    
    
 $ 
 180,699 
    
    
 $ 
 524,403 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The total amount of net operating loss carryforwards that will not be available to offset the Company’s future taxable income due to Section 382 limitations
was $286,054, comprising $241,766 of federal and $44,288 of state.    Approximately $1,684,000 of the total net
operating loss carryforwards is attributable to excess tax deductions related to employee stock awards, the benefit from which will be credited to additional paid-in capital when subsequently utilized in future years.  
 The beginning and ending balances of the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits are reconciled below for the years ended
December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 25,050 
    
   
 $ 
 34,105 
    
   
 $ 
 16,583 
    
 
   Gross increases related to prior year tax positions 
    
   
 14,596 
    
   
   
 1,244 
    
   
   
 15,792 
    
 
   Gross decreases related to prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (3,028 
 )  
   
   
 (6,625 
 )  
   
   
 (690 
 )  
 
   Gross increases related to current year tax positions 
    
   
 1,498 
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
   
 2,497 
    
 
   Decreases resulting from expiration of statute of limitation 
    
   
 (1,564 
 )  
   
   
 (2,741 
 )  
   
   
 (20 
 )  
 
   Decreases resulting from settlements 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,014 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 36,552 
    
   
 $ 
 25,050 
    
   
 $ 
 34,105 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   As a result of the ancotel Acquisition, the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits for the year ended
December 31, 2012 increased by $82,000 for various uncertain tax positions related to prior years. In addition, as a result of the ALOG Acquisition, the Company increased the unrecognized tax benefits, including the accrued interest and
penalties as of the acquisition date by $22,918,000 during the year ended December 31, 2011 related to the uncertain tax positions taken prior to both acquisitions.    The Company recognizes accrued interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2012, the
Company recognized approximately $9,424,000, $719,000 in interest and penalties, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the accrued interest and penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits were decreased by $1,612,000
primarily resulting from the settlement of a tax audit and the lapse of statutes of limitations in our foreign operations. The Company had approximately $10,175,000 and $8,563,000 for the payment of interest and penalties accrued at
December 31, 2012 and 2013, respectively.  
      F-71
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The unrecognized tax benefits of $36,552,000 as of December 31, 2013, if
subsequently recognized, will affect the Company’s effective tax rate favorably at the time when such a benefit is recognized.    Due to various tax years open for examination, it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly increase or decrease over the next 12 months as the Company may
be subject to either examination by tax authorities or a lapse in statute of limitations. The Company is currently unable to estimate the range of possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits.  
 The Company’s income tax returns for all tax years remain open to examination by federal and state taxing authorities due to the
Company’s net operating loss carryforwards. In addition, the Company’s tax years of 2003 through 2012 remain open and subject to examination by local tax authorities in certain foreign jurisdictions in which the Company has major
operations. There was one pending income tax audit in a non-U.S. jurisdiction during the year ended December 31, 2013, which has been open since 2010; the Company received a preliminary assessment for the audits and has filed the request to
appeal the assessment. The Company believes that it has a sufficient reserve for the assessment and the final outcome of the appeal will not significantly impact the Company’s financial position.  
   

 
 
 15. 
 Commitments and Contingencies  
  Purchase Commitments    Primarily as a result of the Company’s various IBX expansion projects, as of December 31, 2013, the Company was contractually committed for $155,149,000 of unaccrued capital expenditures,
primarily for IBX equipment not yet delivered and labor not yet provided, in connection with the work necessary to open these IBX data centers and make them available to customers for installation. In addition, the Company had numerous other,
non-capital purchase commitments in place as of December 31, 2013, such as commitments to purchase power in select locations, primarily in select locations through 2014 and thereafter, and other open purchase orders for goods or services to be
delivered or provided during 2014 and thereafter. Such other miscellaneous purchase commitments totaled $189,835,000 as of December 31, 2013.    Legal Matters    Alleged Class Action and Shareholder Derivative Actions
   On March 4, 2011, an alleged class action entitled Cement Masons & Plasterers Joint Pension Trust v.
Equinix, Inc., et al., No. CV-11-1016-SC, was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, against Equinix and two of its officers. The suit asserts purported claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for allegedly misleading statements regarding the Company’s business and financial results. The suit is purportedly brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between July 29, 2010
and October 5, 2010, and seeks compensatory damages, fees and costs. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss on November 7, 2011. On March 2, 2012, the Court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss without prejudice and gave
plaintiffs thirty days in which to amend their complaint. Pursuant to stipulation and order of the court entered on March 16, 2012, the parties agreed that plaintiffs would have up to and through May 2, 2012 to file a Second Amended
Complaint. On May 2, 2012 plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Complaint asserting the same basic allegations as in the prior complaint. On June 15, 2012, defendants moved to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint. On September 19, 2012,
the Court took the hearing on defendants’ motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint off calendar and notified the parties that it would make its decision on the pleadings. Subsequently, on September 24, 2012 the Court requested the
parties submit supplemental briefing on or before October 9, 2012. The supplemental briefing was submitted on October 9, 2012. On December 5, 2012, the Court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint
without prejudice and on January 15, 2013, Plaintiffs filed their Third Amended Complaint. On February 26, 2013, defendants moved to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint. On June 12, 2013, the Court granted defendants’ motion to
dismiss the Third Amended Complaint and dismissed the case with prejudice. On July 3, 2013, plaintiffs stipulated that they will not appeal any prior orders issued by the Court in this action, including the Court’s June 12, 2013 order
dismissing the Third Amended Complaint with prejudice.  
      F-72
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  On March 8, 2011, an alleged shareholder derivative action entitled Rikos v.
Equinix, Inc., et al., No. CGC-11-508940, was filed in California Superior Court, County of San Francisco, purportedly on behalf of Equinix, and naming Equinix (as a nominal defendant), the members of its board of directors, and two of its officers
as defendants. The suit is based on allegations similar to those in the federal securities class action and asserts causes of action against the individual defendants for breach of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of
corporate assets and unjust enrichment. By agreement and order of the court, this case has been temporarily stayed pending proceedings in the class action. On June 25, 2013, the parties entered into a stipulation dismissing the case with
prejudice, and on July 11, 2013, the Court entered an order of dismissal with prejudice.    On May 20, 2011, an
alleged shareholder derivative action entitled Stopa v. Clontz, et al., No. CV-11-2467-SC, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, purportedly on behalf of Equinix, naming Equinix (as a nominal defendant) and
the members of its board of directors as defendants. The suit is based on allegations similar to those in the federal securities class action and the state court derivative action and asserts causes of action against the individual defendants for
breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement and waste of corporate assets. On June 10, 2011, the Court signed an order relating this case to the federal securities class action. Plaintiffs filed an amended
complaint on December 14, 2011. By agreement and order of the court, this case has been temporarily stayed pending proceedings in the class action. On July 9, 2013, the parties entered into a stipulation dismissing the case with prejudice,
and on July 10, 2013, the Court entered an order of dismissal with prejudice.    Contingent Liabilities  
 The Company estimates exposure on certain liabilities, such as income and property taxes, based on the best information available at the
time of determination. With respect to real and personal property taxes, the Company records what it can reasonably estimate based on prior payment history, current landlord estimates or estimates based on current or changing fixed asset values in
each specific municipality, as applicable. However, there are circumstances beyond the Company’s control whereby the underlying value of the property or basis for which the tax is calculated on the property may change, such as a landlord
selling the underlying property of one of the Company’s IBX data center leases or a municipality changing the assessment value in a jurisdiction and, as a result, the Company’s property tax obligations may vary from period to period. Based
upon the most current facts and circumstances, the Company makes the necessary property tax accruals for each of its reporting periods. However, revisions in the Company’s estimates of the potential or actual liability could materially impact
the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company.    From time to time, the Company may have certain
contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities. The Company accrues contingent liabilities when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. In the
opinion of management, there are no pending claims for which the outcome is expected to result in a material adverse effect in the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company.  
 Employment Agreements    The Company has entered into a severance agreement with each of its executive officers that provides for a severance payment equal to the executive officer’s annual base salary and maximum bonus in
the event his or her employment is terminated for any reason other than cause or he or she voluntarily resigns under certain circumstances as described in the agreement. In addition, under the agreement, the executive officer is entitled to the
payment of his or her monthly health care premiums under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act for up to 12 months. For certain executive officers, these benefits are only triggered after a change-in-control of the Company.  
      F-73
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Guarantor Arrangements  
 As permitted under Delaware law, the Company has agreements whereby the Company indemnifies its officers and directors for certain events
or occurrences while the officer or director is, or was serving, at the Company’s request in such capacity. The term of the indemnification period is for the officer’s or director’s lifetime. The maximum potential amount of future
payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, the Company has a director and officer insurance policy that limits the Company’s exposure and enables the Company to recover a portion
of any future amounts paid. As a result of the Company’s insurance policy coverage, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these indemnification agreements is minimal. The Company has no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of
December 31, 2013.    The Company enters into standard indemnification agreements in the ordinary course of business.
Pursuant to these agreements, the Company indemnifies, holds harmless, and agrees to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, generally the Company’s business partners or customers, in connection
with any U.S. patent, or any copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third party with respect to the Company’s offerings. The term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual any time after execution of
the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, the Company has never incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to
these indemnification agreements. As a result, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these agreements is minimal. The Company has no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of December 31, 2013.  
 The Company enters into arrangements with its business partners, whereby the business partner agrees to provide services as a
subcontractor for the Company’s implementations. Accordingly, the Company enters into standard indemnification agreements with its customers, whereby the Company indemnifies them for other acts, such as personal property damage, of its
subcontractors. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, the Company has general and umbrella insurance policies that enable the Company to
recover a portion of any amounts paid. The Company has never incurred costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. As a result, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these agreements is minimal.
The Company has no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of December 31, 2013.    The Company has service level
commitment obligations to certain of its customers. As a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in the Company’s IBX data centers, whether or not within the Company’s control, could result in service level
commitments to these customers. The Company’s liability insurance may not be adequate to cover those expenses. In addition, any loss of services, equipment damage or inability to meet the Company’s service level commitment obligations
could reduce the confidence of the Company’s customers and could consequently impair the Company’s ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both the Company’s ability to generate revenues and the
Company’s operating results. The Company generally has the ability to determine such service level credits prior to the associated revenue being recognized. The Company has no significant liabilities in connection with service level credits as
of December 31, 2013.      

 
 
 16. 
 Related Party Transactions  
  The Company has several significant stockholders and other related parties that are also customers and/or vendors. The
Company’s related party transactions are considered arms-length transactions. The Company’s activity of related party transactions was as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 20,140 
    
    
 $ 
 31,607 
    
    
 $ 
 24,280 
    
 
   Costs and services 
    
   
 4,819 
    
    
   
 2,248 
    
    
   
 3,040 
    
 
      F-74
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 $ 
 1,776 
    
    
 $ 
 3,595 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 82 
    
   A member of the Company’s board of directors is affiliated with Crosslink Capital. Both the board
member and Crosslink Capital are investors in the investment group that purchased 16 of the Company’s IBX data centers located throughout the U.S. (see Note 5).    In connection with the acquisition of ALOG, the Company acquired a lease for one of the Brazilian IBX data centers in which the lessor is a member of ALOG management. This lease contains an option to
purchase the underlying property for fair market value on the date of purchase. The Company accounts for this lease as a financing obligation as a result of structural building work pursuant to the accounting standard for lessee’s
involvement in asset construction. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had a financing obligation liability totaling approximately $3,670,000 related to this lease on its consolidated balance sheet. This amount is considered a
related party liability, which is not reflected in the related party data presented above.      

 
 
 17. 
 Segment Information  
  While the Company has a single line of business, which is the design, build-out and operation of IBX data centers, it
has determined that it has three reportable segments comprised of its Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific geographic regions. The Company’s chief operating decision-maker evaluates performance, makes operating decisions and allocates resources
based on the Company’s revenue and adjusted EBITDA performance both on a consolidated basis and based on these three reportable segments. The Company defines adjusted EBITDA as income or loss from operations plus depreciation, amortization,
accretion, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs as presented below for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Adjusted EBITDA: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 608,718 
    
   
 $ 
 557,800 
    
   
 $ 
 477,527 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 216,186 
    
   
   
 183,612 
    
   
   
 143,093 
    
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 175,994 
    
   
   
 146,445 
    
   
   
 100,884 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total adjusted EBITDA 
    
   
 1,000,898 
    
   
   
 887,857 
    
   
   
 721,504 
    
 
   Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 
    
   
 (431,008 
 )  
   
   
 (393,543 
 )  
   
   
 (337,667 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
    
   
 (102,940 
 )  
   
   
 (82,735 
 )  
   
   
 (71,137 
 )  
 
   Restructuring charges 
    
   
 4,837 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3,481 
 )  
 
   Impairment charges 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,861 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Acquisitions costs 
    
   
 (10,855 
 )  
   
   
 (8,822 
 )  
   
   
 (3,297 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
 $ 
 460,932 
    
   
 $ 
 392,896 
    
   
 $ 
 305,922 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-75
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The Company provides the following segment disclosures related to its continuing
operations as follows for the years ended December 31 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Total revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas (1) 
    
 $ 
 1,264,774 
    
   
 $ 
 1,151,917 
    
   
 $ 
 989,462 
 (8)   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 525,018 
 (2)   
   
   
 432,920 
 (4)   
   
   
 358,169 
    
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 362,974 
    
   
   
 302,539 
 (5)   
   
   
 217,994 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,152,766 
    
   
 $ 
 1,887,376 
    
   
 $ 
 1,565,625 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total depreciation and amortization: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 254,365 
    
   
 $ 
 235,637 
    
   
 $ 
 211,344 
 (8)   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 90,891 
 (2)   
   
   
 79,702 
 (4)   
   
   
 73,839 
    
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 87,475 
    
   
   
 75,350 
 (5)   
   
   
 48,547 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 432,731 
    
   
 $ 
 390,689 
    
   
 $ 
 333,730 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Capital expenditures: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 335,377 
    
   
 $ 
 431,325 
    
   
 $ 
 278,580 
 (9)   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 220,457 
 (3)   
   
   
 283,174 
 (6)   
   
   
 240,014 
    
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 140,996 
    
   
   
 384,149 
 (7)   
   
   
 237,101 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 696,830 
    
   
 $ 
 1,098,648 
    
   
 $ 
 755,695 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Includes revenues of $1,157,790, $1,056,152 and $921,270, respectively, attributed to the U.S. for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.
 
 
 
   
 (2) 
 Includes the operations of Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel from October 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013.  
 
 
   
 (3) 
 Includes the purchase price for the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition (see Note 3), totaling $50,092.  
 
 
   
 (4) 
 Includes the operations of ancotel from July 3, 2012 to December 31, 2012 and the operations of the Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition from November 9,
2012 to December 31, 2012.  
 
 
   
 (5) 
 Includes the operations of Asia Tone from July 4, 2012 to December 31, 2012.  
 
 
   
 (6) 
 Includes the purchase prices for the ancotel Acquisition, net of cash acquired, and the Dubai IBX Data Center Acquisition (see Note 3), totaling $84,236 and $22,918,
respectively.  
 
 
   
 (7) 
 Includes the purchase price for the Asia Tone Acquisition (see Note 3), net of cash acquired, totaling $202,338.  
 
 
   
 (8) 
 Includes the operations of ALOG from April 25, 2011 to December 31, 2011.  
 
 
   
 (9) 
 Includes the purchase price for the ALOG Acquisition (see Note 3), net of cash acquired, totaling $41,954.  
 The Company’s long-lived assets are located in the following geographic areas as of December 31 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Americas (1) 
    
 $ 
 2,549,863 
    
    
 $ 
 2,139,774 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 1,188,559 
    
    
   
 994,912 
    
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 853,228 
    
    
   
 781,052 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 4,591,650 
    
    
 $ 
 3,915,738 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Includes $2,328,755 and $2,050,862, respectively, of long-lived assets attributed to the U.S. as of December 31, 2013 and 2012.  
      F-76
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  Revenue information by category is as follows for the years ended December 31 (in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Colocation 
    
 $ 
 1,628,179 
    
    
 $ 
 1433,694 
    
    
 $ 
 1,196,313 
    
 
   Interconnection 
    
   
 319,863 
    
    
   
 272,103 
    
    
   
 224,376 
    
 
   Managed infrastructure services 
    
   
 97,400 
    
    
   
 88,109 
    
    
   
 68,225 
    
 
   Rental 
    
   
 4,520 
    
    
   
 3,162 
    
    
   
 2,801 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Recurring revenues 
    
   
 2,049,962 
    
    
   
 1,797,068 
    
    
   
 1,491,715 
    
 
   Non-recurring revenues 
    
   
 102,804 
    
    
   
 90,308 
    
    
   
 73,910 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,152,766 
    
    
 $ 
 1,887,376 
    
    
 $ 
 1,565,625 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 18. 
 Restructuring Charges  
  2004 Restructuring Charge    In December 2004, in light of the availability of fully built-out data centers in select markets at costs significantly below those costs the Company would incur in building out new space, the Company
made the decision to exit leases for excess space adjacent to one of the Company’s New York metro area IBXs, as well as space on the floor above its original Los Angeles IBX. As a result of the Company’s decision to exit these spaces, the
Company recorded restructuring charges totaling $17,685,000, which represents the present value of the Company’s estimated future cash payments, net of estimated sublease income and expense, through the remainder of these lease terms, as well
as the write-off of all remaining property, plant and equipment attributed to the partial build out of the excess space on the floor above its Los Angeles IBX.    In May 2013, the Company entered into a binding commitment to purchase the New York 2 IBX data center for leased space in respect of which the Company had previously recorded a restructuring reserve (see
Note 6). As a result, the Company recorded a reversal to its outstanding accrued restructuring charge during the year ended December 31, 2013.    A summary of the movement in the 2004 accrued restructuring charges during the years ended December 31 is outlined as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Accrued restructuring charge as of December 31, 2010 
    
 $ 
  6,006 
    
 
   Accretion expense 
    
   
 377 
    
 
   Restructuring charge adjustments (1) 
    
   
 3,090 
    
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (1,793 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued restructuring charge as of December 31, 2011 
    
   
 7,680 
    
 
   Accretion expense 
    
   
 416 
    
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (2,417 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued restructuring charge as of December 31, 2012 
    
   
 5,679 
    
 
   Accretion expense 
    
   
 137 
    
 
   Restructuring charge adjustments 
    
   
 (4,837 
 )  
 
   Cash payments 
    
   
 (979 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued restructuring charge as of December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Recorded as a result of revised sublease assumptions on the Company’s excess space in the New York metro area.  
   

 
 
 19. 
 Subsequent Events  
  On January 1, 2014, pursuant to the provisions of the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (see Note 13), the number
of common shares in reserve automatically increased by 500,000 shares.  
      F-77
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  From January 1, 2014 through February 27, 2014, the Company repurchased a
total of 247,793 shares of its common stock in the open market at an average price of $176.51 per share for a total consideration of $43,739,000 under the 2013 Share Repurchase Program.  
   

 
 
 20. 
 Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)  
  The Company believes that period-to-period comparisons of its financial results should not be relied upon as an
indication of future performance. The Company’s revenues and results of operations have been subject to significant fluctuations, particularly on a quarterly basis, and the Company’s revenues and results of operations could fluctuate
significantly quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. Significant quarterly fluctuations in revenues will cause fluctuations in the Company’s cash flows and the cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable accounts on the Company’s
consolidated balance sheet. Causes of such fluctuations may include the volume and timing of new orders and renewals, the timing of the opening of new IBX data centers, the sales cycle for the Company’s offerings, the introduction of new
offerings, changes in prices and pricing models, trends in the Internet infrastructure industry, general economic conditions, extraordinary events such as acquisitions or litigation and the occurrence of unexpected events.  
 The unaudited quarterly financial information presented below has been prepared by the Company and reflects all adjustments, consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments, which in the opinion of management are necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations for the interim periods presented.  
 The following tables present selected quarterly information (in thousands, except per share data):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Quarter ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31 
   
   
 June 30 
   
   
 September 30 
   
    
 December 31(a) 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 516,134 
    
   
 $ 
 528,871 
    
   
 $ 
 543,084 
    
    
 $ 
 564,677 
    
 
   Gross profit 
    
   
 257,543 
    
   
   
 261,762 
    
   
   
 274,124 
    
    
   
 294,934 
    
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to Equinix 
    
   
 32,843 
    
   
   
 (25,816 
 )  
   
   
 42,471 
    
    
   
 45,187 
    
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Equinix 
    
   
 (40,382 
 )  
   
   
 (51,631 
 )  
   
   
 120,822 
    
    
   
 53,151 
    
 
   EPS attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic EPS 
    
   
 0.67 
    
   
   
 (0.52 
 )  
   
   
 0.86 
    
    
   
 0.91 
    
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 (0.52 
 )  
   
   
 0.83 
    
    
   
 0.88 
    
     
 
 
   
 (a) 
 Represents the first quarter of combined results since the Frankfurt Kleyer 90 Carrier Hotel Acquisition (see Note 3).  
      F-78
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Quarter ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31 
   
    
 June 30 
   
   
 September 30(a) 
   
    
 December 31 
   
 
   
    
 As revised 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 440,952 
    
    
 $ 
 455,530 
    
   
 $ 
 484,835 
    
    
 $ 
 506,059 
    
 
   Gross profit 
    
   
 222,214 
    
    
   
 229,926 
    
   
   
 233,889 
    
    
   
 256,730 
    
 
   Net income from continuing operations attributable to Equinix 
    
   
 31,919 
    
    
   
 35,257 
    
   
   
 26,286 
    
    
   
 33,480 
    
 
   Net income from discontinued operations 
    
   
 199 
    
    
   
 350 
    
   
   
 679 
    
    
   
 11,858  
 (b)  
 
   Net income attributable to Equinix 
    
   
 32,118 
    
    
   
 35,607 
    
   
   
 26,965 
    
    
   
 45,338 
    
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Equinix 
    
   
 65,449 
    
    
   
 (9,803 
 )  
   
   
 69,100 
    
    
   
 57,938 
    
 
   EPS attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   EPS from continuing operations, basic 
    
   
 0.69 
    
    
   
 0.73 
    
   
   
 0.54 
    
    
   
 0.69 
    
 
   Basic EPS 
    
   
 0.69 
    
    
   
 0.74 
    
   
   
 0.56 
    
    
   
 0.93 
    
 
   EPS from continuing operations, diluted 
    
   
 0.67 
    
    
   
 0.70 
    
   
   
 0.53 
    
    
   
 0.67 
    
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
   
 0.67 
    
    
   
 0.71 
    
   
   
 0.54 
    
    
   
 0.89 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the first quarter of combined results since the Asia Tone and ancotel Acquisitions (see Note 3).  
 
 
 (b) 
 Consists of net income from discontinued operations and gain from sale of discontinued operations (see Note 5).  
 The following table presents the effect of the aforementioned revisions (see Note 2) to the Company’s condensed consolidated
statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and for three and six months ended June 30, 2013 (in thousands, except per share data):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three months ended March 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision(1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   
 
   
    
 (Unaudited) 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 519,455 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,321 
 )  
   
 $ 
 516,134 
    
 
   Costs and operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of revenues 
    
   
 259,268 
    
   
   
 (677 
 )  
   
   
 258,591 
    
 
   Sales and marketing 
    
   
 58,276 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 58,276 
    
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 89,685 
    
   
   
 1,133 
    
   
   
 90,818 
    
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 3,662 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,662 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
    
   
 410,891 
    
   
   
 456 
    
   
   
 411,347 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 108,564 
    
   
   
 (3,777 
 )  
   
   
 104,787 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 747 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 747 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (60,331 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (60,331 
 )  
 
   Other expense 
    
   
 (459 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (459 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
    
   
 48,521 
    
   
   
 (3,777 
 )  
   
   
 44,744 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 (12,198 
 )  
   
   
 738 
    
   
   
 (11,460 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from continuing operations 
    
   
 36,323 
    
   
   
 (3,039 
 )  
   
   
 33,284 
    
 
   Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (441 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (441 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Equinix 
    
 $ 
 35,882 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,039 
 )  
   
 $ 
 32,843 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share (“EPS”) attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic EPS 
    
   
 0.73 
    
   
   
 (0.06 
 )  
   
   
 0.67 
    
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
   
 0.71 
    
   
   
 (0.06 
 )  
   
   
 0.65 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets, recoverable
taxes and amortization of stock-based compensation expense.  
      F-79
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three months ended June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision(1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   
 
   
    
 (Unaudited) 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 525,669 
    
   
 $ 
 3,202 
    
   
 $ 
 528,871 
    
 
   Costs and operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of revenues 
    
   
 267,693 
    
   
   
 (584 
 )  
   
   
 267,109 
    
 
   Sales and marketing 
    
   
 59,478 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 59,478 
    
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 88,632 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 88,632 
    
 
   Restructuring charge 
    
   
 (4,837 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,837 
 )  
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 2,526 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,526 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
    
   
 413,492 
    
   
   
 (584 
 )  
   
   
 412,908 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 112,177 
    
   
   
 3,786 
    
   
   
 115,963 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 917 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 917 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (61,001 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (61,001 
 )  
 
   Other income 
    
   
 2,768 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,768 
    
 
   Loss on debt extinguishment 
    
   
 (93,602 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (93,602 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
    
   
 (38,741 
 )  
   
   
 3,786 
    
   
   
 (34,955 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefit 
    
   
 10,612 
    
   
   
 (944 
 )  
   
   
 9,668 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net loss from continuing operations 
    
   
 (28,129 
 )  
   
   
 2,842 
    
   
   
 (25,287 
 )  
 
   Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (529 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (529 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net loss attributable to Equinix 
    
 $ 
 (28,658 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,842 
    
   
 $ 
 (25,816 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share (“EPS”) attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic EPS 
    
   
 (0.58 
 )  
   
   
 0.06 
    
   
   
 (0.52 
 )  
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
   
 (0.58 
 )  
   
   
 0.06 
    
   
   
 (0.52 
 )  
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets and recoverable
taxes.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Six months ended June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision(1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   
 
   
    
 (Unaudited) 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,045,124 
    
   
 $ 
 (119 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,045,005 
    
 
   Costs and operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of revenues 
    
   
 526,961 
    
   
   
 (1,261 
 )  
   
   
 525,700 
    
 
   Sales and marketing 
    
   
 117,754 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 117,754 
    
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 178,317 
    
   
   
 1,133 
    
   
   
 179,450 
    
 
   Restructuring charge 
    
   
 (4,837 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,837 
 )  
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 6,188 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,188 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and operating expenses 
    
   
 824,383 
    
   
   
 (128 
 )  
   
   
 824,255 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 220,741 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 220,750 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 1,664 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,664 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (121,332 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (121,332 
 )  
 
   Other income 
    
   
 2,309 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,309 
    
 
   Loss on debt extinguishment 
    
   
 (93,602 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (93,602 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
    
   
 9,780 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 9,789 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 (1,586 
 )  
   
   
 (206 
 )  
   
   
 (1,792 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income from continuing operations 
    
   
 8,194 
    
   
   
 (197 
 )  
   
   
 7,997 
    
 
   Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (970 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (970 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Equinix 
    
 $ 
 7,224 
    
   
 $ 
 (197 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,027 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share (“EPS”) attributable to Equinix: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic EPS 
    
   
 0.15 
    
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
   
   
 0.14 
    
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
   
 0.15 
    
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
   
   
 0.14 
    
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets, recoverable
taxes and amortization of stock-based compensation expense.  
      F-80
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   
  The following table presents the effect of the aforementioned revisions (see Note 2) to
the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and for six months ended June 30, 2013 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Three months ended March 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 (Unaudited) 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 36,323 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,039 
 )  
   
 $ 
 33,284 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 100,309 
    
   
   
 72 
    
   
   
 100,381 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 22,703 
    
   
   
 1,133 
    
   
   
 23,836 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (18,990 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (18,990 
 )  
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 5,753 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,753 
    
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 6,759 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,759 
    
 
   Provision for allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 813 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 813 
    
 
   Other items 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 3,735 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,735 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (24,663 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (24,663 
 )  
 
   Income taxes, net 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,609 
 )  
   
   
 (738 
 )  
   
   
 (2,347 
 )  
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (20,222 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (20,222 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (27,996 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (27,996 
 )  
 
   Other liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 1,266 
    
   
   
 2,572 
    
   
   
 3,838 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 84,181 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 84,181 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (1,142,540 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,142,540 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 1,496,760 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,496,760 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (5,595 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,595 
 )  
 
   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 432,806 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 432,806 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 252,213 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 252,213 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 685,019 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 685,019 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets, recoverable
taxes and amortization of stock-based compensation expense.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 No impact from the correction of errors.  
      F-81
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  EQUINIX, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS – (Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Six months ended June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 As reported 
   
   
 Revision (1) 
   
   
 As revised 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 (Unaudited) 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 8,194 
    
   
 $ 
 (197 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,997 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 202,493 
    
   
   
 144 
    
   
   
 202,637 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 46,897 
    
   
   
 1,133 
    
   
   
 48,030 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (22,421 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (22,421 
 )  
 
   Restructuring charge 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (4,837 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,837 
 )  
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 11,637 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,637 
    
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 13,623 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 13,623 
    
 
   Provission for allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 1,598 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,598 
    
 
   Loss on debt extinguishment 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 93,602 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 93,602 
    
 
   Other items 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 7,968 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,968 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (43,761 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43,761 
 )  
 
   Income taxes, net 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (75,762 
 )  
   
   
 206 
    
   
   
 (75,556 
 )  
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (18,036 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (18,036 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 396 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 396 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 9,749 
    
   
   
 (1,286 
 )  
   
   
 8,463 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 231,340 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 231,340 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (604,993 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (604,993 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 646,726 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 646,726 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 (7,790 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (7,790 
 )  
 
   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 265,283 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 265,283 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
    
   
 (2 
 )   
   
   
 252,213 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 252,213 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 517,496 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 517,496 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The impact of revising the estimated periods over which revenue from non-recurring installation fees is recognized, depreciation of certain fixed assets, recoverable
taxes and amortization of stock-based compensation expense.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 No impact from the correction of errors.  

      F-82
 

 
 
 
