
 10-K
 1
 d103311d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K
         
 (Mark One)  
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015  
  OR      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from                  to
                .    Commission File Number: 001-32269
         
 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
       
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Maryland 
   
 20-1076777 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
   2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 400  
 Salt Lake City, Utah 84121  
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code)  
 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (801) 365-4600   
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      

 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Name of exchange on which registered 


 
 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment of this Form
10-K.   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 x 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ¨   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x .  
 The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $7,668,549,404 based upon the closing price on the
New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2015, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons whose shares are excluded from the
computation are affiliates for any other purpose.    The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock, $0.01 par
value per share, as of February 18, 2016 was 125,054,328.    Documents Incorporated by Reference  
 Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement to be issued in connection with the registrant’s annual stockholders’
meeting to be held in 2016 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC.  
 Table of Contents      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   PART I  
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Item 1. 
   
 Business 
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Item 1A. 
   
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Item 1B. 
   
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   Item 2. 
   
 Properties 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   Item 3. 
   
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Item 4. 
   
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   PART II  
    
   
 26 
    
 
   Item 5. 
   
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 26 
    
 
   Item 6. 
   
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 27 
    
 
   Item 7. 
   
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 29 
    
 
   Item 7A. 
   
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 48 
    
 
   Item 8. 
   
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 49 
    
 
   Item 9. 
   
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 120 
    
 
   Item 9A. 
   
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 120 
    
 
   Item 9B. 
   
 Other Information 
    
   
 122 
    
 
   PART III  
    
   
 123 
    
 
   Item 10. 
   
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 123 
    
 
   Item 11. 
   
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 123 
    
 
   Item 12. 
   
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 123 
    
 
   Item 13. 
   
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 123 
    
 
   Item 14. 
   
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 123 
    
 
   PART IV  
    
   
 124 
    
 
   Item 15. 
   
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    
   
 124 
    
 
   SIGNATURES  
    
   
 128 
    
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Statements Regarding  Forward-Looking  Information  
 Certain information set forth in this report contains  “forward-looking  statements” within
the meaning of the federal securities laws.  Forward-looking  statements include statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital
expenditures, financing needs, plans or intentions relating to acquisitions and other information that is not historical information. In some cases,  forward-looking  statements can be identified by terminology
such as “believes,” “expects,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “anticipates,” or “intends” or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, or by
discussions of strategy. We may also make additional  forward-looking  statements from time to time. All such subsequent  forward-looking  statements, whether written or
oral, by us or on our behalf, are also expressly qualified by these cautionary statements.    All
 forward-looking  statements, including without limitation, management’s examination of historical operating trends and estimates of future earnings, are based upon our current expectations and various
assumptions. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them, but there can be no assurance that management’s expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be
achieved. All  forward-looking  statements apply only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise  forward-looking  statements which may be
made to reflect events or circumstances after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.    There are a
number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the  forward-looking  statements contained in or contemplated by this report. Any
 forward-looking  statements should be considered in light of the risks referenced in “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors” below. Such factors include, but are not limited to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 adverse changes in general economic conditions, the real estate industry and in the markets in which we operate;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 failure to close pending acquisitions on expected terms, or at all;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the effect of competition from new and existing stores or other storage alternatives, which could cause rents and occupancy rates to decline;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 difficulties in our ability to evaluate, finance, complete and integrate acquisitions and developments successfully and to lease up those stores, which could adversely affect our profitability;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact of the regulatory environment as well as national, state, and local laws and regulations including, without limitation, those governing Real Estate Investment Trusts (“REITs”), tenant reinsurance
and other aspects of our business, which could adversely affect our results;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 disruptions in credit and financial markets and resulting difficulties in raising capital or obtaining credit at reasonable rates or at all, which could impede our ability to grow;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 increased interest rates and operating costs;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the failure to effectively manage our growth and expansion into new markets or to successfully operate acquired properties and operations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 reductions in asset valuations and related impairment charges;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the failure of our joint venture partners to fulfill their obligations to us or their pursuit of actions that are inconsistent with our objectives;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the failure to maintain our REIT status for federal income tax purposes;  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
 economic uncertainty due to the impact of war or terrorism, which could adversely affect our business plan; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 difficulties in our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and management members.  
 The  forward-looking  statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future
performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known
to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our  forward-looking  statements. You should carefully consider these
risks before you make an investment decision with respect to our securities.    We disclaim any duty or obligation to update or
revise any  forward-looking  statements set forth in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  to reflect new information, future events or otherwise.  
 PART I      
 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business    General  
 Extra Space Storage Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us” or the “Company”) is a fully integrated,  self-administered  and  self-managed  real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed as a Maryland corporation on April 30, 2004, to own, operate, manage, acquire,
develop and redevelop professionally managed self-storage properties (“stores”). We closed our initial public offering (“IPO”) on August 17, 2004. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
“EXR.”    We were formed to continue the business of Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries, which had engaged in the  self-storage  business since 1977. These companies were reorganized after the consummation of our IPO and various formation transactions. As of December 31, 2015, we held ownership interests in 999 operating
stores. Of these operating stores, 746 are  wholly-owned  and 253 are owned in joint venture partnerships. An additional 348 operating stores are owned by third parties and operated by us in exchange for a
management fee, bringing the total number of operating stores which we own and/or manage to 1,347. These operating stores are located in 36 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico and contain approximately 101 million square feet of net
rentable space in approximately 896,000 units and currently serve a customer base of approximately 800,000 tenants.    We operate in three
distinct segments: (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and (3) property management, acquisition and development. Our rental operations activities include rental operations of stores in which we have an ownership interest.
Tenant reinsurance activities include the reinsurance of risks relating to the loss of goods stored by tenants in the Company’s stores. Our property management, acquisition and development activities include managing, acquiring, developing and
selling stores.    Substantially all of our business is conducted through Extra Space Storage LP (the “Operating
Partnership”). Our primary assets are general partner and limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”). To the extent we continue to qualify as a REIT we will not be subject to tax, with certain exceptions, on our net taxable income that is distributed to our
stockholders.    We file our annual report on  Form 10-K,  quarterly reports on  Form 10-Q,  current reports on  Form 8-K,  and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You may obtain
 
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
copies of these documents by visiting the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, by calling the SEC at  1-800-SEC-0330  or by accessing the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are furnished to the SEC, we
make copies of these documents available to the public free of charge through our website at www.extraspace.com, or by contacting our Secretary at our principal offices, which are located at 2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 400, Salt Lake
City, Utah 84121, telephone number (801) 365-4600.    Acquisition of SmartStop  
 On October 1, 2015, we completed the previously announced acquisition of SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. (“SmartStop”), a public
non-traded REIT. SmartStop stockholders received $13.75 per share in cash, which represents a total purchase price of approximately $1.4 billion. We paid approximately $1.3 billion and the remaining consideration came from the sale of certain assets
by SmartStop immediately prior to the closing. As a result of the acquisition, we acquired 122 stores and assumed the management of 43 stores previously managed by SmartStop.  
 Management    Members of our executive
management team have significant experience in all aspects of the  self-storage  industry, having acquired and/or developed a significant number of stores since before our IPO. Our executive management team and
their years of industry experience are as follows: Spencer F. Kirk, Chief Executive Officer, 18 years; Scott Stubbs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 15 years; Samrat Sondhi, Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer, 12 years; Gwyn McNeal, Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, 10 years; James Overturf, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, 17 years; Joseph D. Margolis, Executive Vice President and Chief
Investment Officer, 10 years; and Kenneth M. Woolley, Executive Chairman, 35 years.    Our executive management team and board of
directors have a significant ownership position in the Company with executive officers and directors owning approximately 4,923,970 shares or 3.9% of our outstanding common stock as of February 18, 2016.  
 Industry & Competition    Stores
offer  month-to-month  storage space rental for personal or business use and are a  cost-effective  and flexible storage alternative.
Tenants rent fully enclosed spaces that can vary in size according to their specific needs and to which they have unlimited, exclusive access. Tenants have responsibility for moving their items into and out of their units.  Self-storage  unit sizes typically range from 5 feet by 5 feet to 20 feet by 20 feet, with an interior height of 8 feet to 12 feet. Stores generally have  on-site  managers who
supervise and run the  day-to-day  operations, providing tenants with assistance as needed.  
 Self-storage  provides a convenient way for individuals and businesses to store their possessions due
to life changes, or simply because of a need for storage space. The mix of residential tenants using a store is determined by a store’s local demographics and often includes people who are looking to downsize their living space or others who
are not yet settled into a permanent residence. Items that residential tenants place in  self-storage  range from cars, boats and recreational vehicles, to furniture, household items and appliances. Commercial
tenants tend to include small business owners who require easy and frequent access to their goods, records, inventory or storage for seasonal goods.  
 Our research has shown that tenants choose a store based primarily on the convenience of the site to their home or business, making  high-density,   high-traffic  population centers ideal locations for stores. A store’s perceived security and the general professionalism of the site managers and staff are
also contributing factors to a  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
site’s ability to successfully secure rentals. Although most stores are leased to tenants on a  month-to-month 
basis, tenants tend to continue their leases for extended periods of time.    The  self-storage 
business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A greater portion of revenues and profits are realized from May through September. Historically, our highest level of occupancy has been at the end of July, while our lowest level of occupancy has been
in late February and early March.    Since inception in the early 1970’s, the  self-storage 
industry has experienced significant growth. The self-storage industry has also seen increases in occupancy over the past several years. According to the  Self-Storage  Almanac (the “Almanac”), in
2008, the national average physical occupancy rate was 80.3% of net rentable square feet, compared to an average physical occupancy rate of 90.2% in 2015.  
 We have encountered competition when we have sought to acquire stores, especially for brokered portfolios. Aggressive bidding practices have
been commonplace between both public and private entities, and this competition will likely continue.    The industry is also characterized
by fragmented ownership. According to the Almanac, the top ten  self-storage  companies in the United States owned approximately 17.4% of the total U.S. stores, and the top 50
 self-storage  companies owned approximately 21.9% of the total U.S. stores as of December 31, 2015. We believe this fragmentation will contribute to continued consolidation at some level in the future. We
also believe that we are well positioned to compete for acquisitions given our historical reputation for closing deals.    We are the second
largest  self-storage  operator in the United States. We are one of five public  self-storage  REITs along with CubeSmart, National Storage Affiliates, Sovran  Self-Storage, Inc.  and Public Storage Inc.    Long-Term  Growth and
Investment Strategies    Our primary business objectives are to maximize cash flow available for distribution to our stockholders and to
achieve sustainable  long-term  growth in cash flow per share in order to maximize  long-term  stockholder value. We continue to evaluate a range of growth initiatives and
opportunities, including the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Maximize the performance of our stores through strategic, efficient and proactive management.  We pursue  revenue-generating  and
 expense-minimizing  opportunities in our operations. Our revenue management team seeks to maximize revenue by responding to changing market conditions through our advanced technology system’s ability to
provide  real-time,  interactive rental rate and discount management. Our size allows us greater ability than the majority of our competitors to implement more effective online marketing programs, which we
believe will attract more customers to our stores at a lower net cost.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Acquire stores.  Our acquisitions team continues to pursue the acquisition of  multi-store  portfolios and single stores that we believe can provide stockholder value.
We have established a reputation as a reliable, ethical buyer, which we believe enhances our ability to negotiate and close acquisitions. In addition, we believe our status as an UPREIT enables flexibility when structuring deals. We continue to bid
on available acquisitions and are seeing increasing prices. However, we remain a disciplined buyer and look for acquisitions that will strengthen our portfolio and increase stockholder value.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Expand our management business.  Our management business enables us to generate increased revenues through management fees and expand our geographic footprint. We believe this expanded footprint enables us
to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. In addition, we see our management business as a future acquisition pipeline. We pursue strategic relationships with owners whose stores would enhance our portfolio in the event an
opportunity arises to acquire such stores.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Financing of Our  Long-Term  Growth Strategies  
 Acquisition and Development Financing  
 The following table presents information on our lines of credit (the “Credit Lines”) for the periods indicated. All of our Credit
Lines are guaranteed by us and secured by mortgages on certain real estate assets (amounts in thousands).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2015 
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Line of Credit 
    
 Amount Drawn 
   
    
 Capacity 
   
    
 Interest Rate 
   
   
 Origination Date 
   
    
 Maturity 
   
    
 Basis Rate (1) 
   
   
 Notes 
   


 
   Credit Line 1 
    
 $ 
 36,000 
    
    
 $ 
 180,000 
    
    
   
 2.1 
 %  
   
   
 6/4/2010 
    
    
   
 6/30/2018 
    
    
   
 LIBOR plus 1.7 
 %  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Credit Line 2 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 2.2 
 %  
   
   
 11/16/2010 
    
    
   
 2/13/2017 
    
    
   
 LIBOR plus 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Credit Line 3 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 80,000 
    
    
   
 2.1 
 %  
   
   
 4/29/2011 
    
    
   
 11/18/2016 
    
    
   
 LIBOR plus 1.7 
 %  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Credit Line 4 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 2.1 
 %  
   
   
 9/29/2014 
    
    
   
 9/29/2017 
    
    
   
 LIBOR plus 1.7 
 %  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 36,000 
    
    
 $ 
 360,000 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 30-day USD LIBOR  
 
 
 (2) 
 One two-year extension available  
 
 
 (3) 
 Two one-year extensions available    We expect to maintain a flexible approach in financing new store
acquisitions. We plan to finance future acquisitions through a combination of cash, borrowings under the Credit Lines, traditional secured and unsecured mortgage financing, joint ventures and additional debt or equity offerings.  
 Joint Venture Financing    We own
253 of our stores through joint ventures with third parties, including affiliates of Prudential Financial, Inc. In each joint venture, we generally manage the
 day-to-day  operations of the underlying stores and have the right to participate in major decisions relating to sales of stores or financings by the applicable joint
venture. Our joint venture partners typically provide most of the equity capital required for the operation of the respective business. Under the operating agreements for the joint ventures, we maintain the right to receive between 2.0% and 96.7% of
the available cash flow from operations after our joint venture partners and the Company have received a predetermined return, and between 17.0% and 96.7% of the available cash flow from capital transactions after our joint venture partners and the
Company have received a return of their capital plus such predetermined return. Most joint venture agreements include  buy-sell  rights, as well as rights of first refusal in connection with the sale of stores
by the joint venture.    Disposition of Stores  
 We will continue to review our portfolio for stores or groups of stores that are underperforming or are not strategically located, and
determine whether to dispose of these stores to fund other growth. As of December 31, 2015, we had seven stores that were categorized as held for sale.  
 Regulation    Generally, stores are subject
to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to lien sale rights and procedures. Changes in any of these laws or regulations, as well as changes in laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response and
Compensation Liability Act, which increase the potential liability for environmental conditions or circumstances existing or created by tenants or others on stores, or laws affecting development, construction, operation, upkeep, safety and taxation
may result in significant  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
unanticipated expenditures, loss of stores or other impairments to operations, which would adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the “ADA”), places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal
requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. These requirements became effective in 1992. A number of additional U.S. federal, state and local laws also exist that may require modifications to the stores, or restrict further
renovations thereof, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants and also could result in an order to correct any  non-complying  feature, thereby requiring substantial capital expenditures. To the extent our stores are not in compliance, we are likely to incur additional costs to comply with the ADA.  
 Insurance activities are subject to state insurance laws and regulations as determined by the particular insurance commissioner for each state
in accordance with the  McCarran-Ferguson  Act, and are subject to the  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act and the privacy regulations
promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission pursuant thereto.    Store management activities are often subject to state real estate
brokerage laws and regulations as determined by the particular real estate commission for each state.    Changes in any of the laws
governing our conduct could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business or could materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 Employees    As of February 18, 2016,
we had 3,209 employees and believe our relationship with our employees is good. Our employees are not represented by a collective bargaining agreement.      
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors    An investment in our securities involves various risks. All investors
should carefully consider the following risk factors in conjunction with the other information contained in this Annual Report before trading in our securities. If any of the events set forth in the following risks actually occur, our business,
operating results, prospects and financial condition could be harmed.    Our performance is subject to risks associated with real estate
investments. We are a real estate company that derives our income from operation of our stores. There are a number of factors that may adversely affect the income that our stores generate, including the following:  
 Risks Related to Our Stores and Operations    Adverse
economic or other conditions in the markets in which we do business could negatively affect our occupancy levels and rental rates and therefore our operating results.  
 Our operating results are dependent upon our ability to maximize occupancy levels and rental rates in our stores. Adverse economic or other
conditions in the markets in which we operate may lower our occupancy levels and limit our ability to increase rents or require us to offer rental discounts. If our stores fail to generate revenues sufficient to meet our cash requirements, including
operating and other expenses, debt service and capital expenditures, our net income, funds from operations (“FFO”), cash flow, financial condition, ability to make cash distributions to stockholders and the trading price of our securities
could be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the operating performance of our stores:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the national economic climate and the local or regional economic climate in the markets in which we operate, which may be adversely impacted by, among other factors, industry slowdowns, relocation of businesses and
changing demographics;  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
 periods of economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates, or declining demand for  self-storage  or the public perception that any of these events may occur could result in
a general decline in rental rates or an increase in tenant defaults;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a decline of the current economic environment;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 local or regional real estate market conditions, such as competing stores, the oversupply of  self-storage  or a reduction in demand for
 self-storage  in a particular area;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 perceptions by prospective users of our stores of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our stores and the neighborhoods in which they are located;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 increased operating costs, including the need for capital improvements, insurance premiums, real estate taxes and utilities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact of environmental protection laws;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in tax, real estate and zoning laws; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters, terrorist acts, civil disturbances or acts of war which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses.  
 If we are unable to promptly  re-let  our units or if the rates upon such
 re-letting  are significantly lower than expected, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.  
 Virtually all of our leases are on a  month-to-month  basis. Any
delay in  re-letting  units as vacancies arise would reduce our revenues and harm our operating results. In addition, lower than expected rental rates upon  re-letting 
could adversely affect our revenues and impede our growth.    We depend upon our  on-site  personnel to maximize
tenant satisfaction at each of our stores, and any difficulties we encounter in hiring, training and maintaining skilled field personnel may harm our operating performance.  
 We had 2,716 field personnel as of February 18, 2016 in the management and operation of our stores. The general professionalism of our
store managers and staff are contributing factors to a store’s ability to successfully secure rentals and retain tenants. We also rely upon our field personnel to maintain clean and secure stores. If we are unable to successfully recruit, train
and retain qualified field personnel, the quality of service we strive to provide at our stores could be adversely affected which could lead to decreased occupancy levels and reduced operating performance.  
 Uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition and our cash flow.  
 We maintain comprehensive liability, fire, flood, earthquake, wind (as deemed necessary or as required by our lenders), extended coverage and
rental loss insurance with respect to our stores. Certain types of losses, however, may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, such as losses due to earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, riots, acts of war or terrorism. Should an
uninsured loss occur, we could lose both our investment in and anticipated profits and cash flow from a store. In addition, if any such loss is insured, we may be required to pay significant amounts on any claim for recovery of such a loss prior to
our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. As a result, our operating results may be adversely affected.  
 Increases in taxes and regulatory compliance costs may reduce our income.  
 Costs resulting from changes in real estate tax laws generally are not passed through to tenants directly and will affect us. Increases in
income, property or other taxes generally are not passed through to tenants under  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
leases and may reduce our net income, FFO, cash flow, financial condition, ability to pay or refinance our debt obligations, ability to make cash distributions to stockholders, and the trading
price of our securities. Similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on stores or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated
expenditures, which could similarly adversely affect our business and results of operations.    Environmental compliance costs and liabilities
associated with operating our stores may affect our results of operations.    Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws,
ordinances and regulations, owners and operators of real estate may be liable for the costs of investigating and remediating certain hazardous substances or other regulated materials on or in such property. Such laws often impose such liability
without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such substances or materials. The presence of such substances or materials, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may adversely affect
the owner’s or operator’s ability to lease, sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances or other regulated materials may be liable for
the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility, whether or not such facility is owned or operated by such person. Certain environmental laws impose liability for release of asbestos-containing materials
into the air and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real stores for personal injury associated with  asbestos-containing  materials.  
 Certain environmental laws also impose liability, without regard to knowledge or fault, for removal or remediation of hazardous substances or
other regulated materials upon owners and operators of contaminated property even after they no longer own or operate the property. Moreover, the past or present owner or operator from which a release emanates could be liable for any personal
injuries or property damages that may result from such releases, as well as any damages to natural resources that may arise from such releases.  
 Certain environmental laws impose compliance obligations on owners and operators of real property with respect to the management of hazardous
materials and other regulated substances. For example, environmental laws govern the management of  asbestos-containing  materials and  lead-based  paint. Failure to comply
with these laws can result in penalties or other sanctions.    No assurances can be given that existing environmental studies with respect
to any of our stores reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of our stores did not create any material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to
any one or more of our stores. There also exists the risk that material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after the review was completed or may arise in the future. Finally, future laws, ordinances or
regulations and future interpretations of existing laws, ordinances or regulations may impose additional material environmental liability.    Costs
associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 may result in unanticipated expenses.    Under the ADA,
places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. These requirements became effective in 1992. A number of additional U.S. federal, state and local laws may also require
modifications to our stores, or restrict certain further renovations of the stores, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants
and also could result in an order to correct any  non-complying  feature, which could result in substantial capital expenditures. We have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our stores to determine
our compliance and we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with the ADA or other legislation. If one or more of our stores is not in compliance with the ADA or other legislation, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring
the facility into compliance. If  
      10  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA or other legislation, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our securities and our ability to
satisfy our debt service obligations and to make cash distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected.    Our tenant reinsurance
business is subject to significant governmental regulation, which may adversely affect our results.    Our tenant reinsurance
business is subject to significant governmental regulation. The regulatory authorities generally have broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance
with regulations through periodic examinations, audits and investigations of the affairs of insurance providers. As a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or
all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined or penalized or suffer an adverse judgment, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.  
 We face competition for the acquisition of stores and other assets, which may impede our ability to make future acquisitions or may increase the cost of
these acquisitions.    We compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment activities for acquisitions of stores
and other assets, including national, regional and local operators and developers of stores. These competitors may drive up the price we pay for stores or other assets we seek to acquire or may succeed in acquiring those stores or assets themselves.
In addition, our potential acquisition targets may find our competitors to be more attractive suitors because they may have greater resources, may be willing to pay more or may have a more compatible operating philosophy. In addition, the number of
entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investment in stores may increase. This competition would result in increased demand for these assets and therefore increased prices paid for them. Because of an increased interest in  single-store  acquisitions among  tax-motivated  individual purchasers, we may pay higher prices if we purchase single stores in comparison with portfolio acquisitions. If we pay
higher prices for stores or other assets, our profitability will be reduced.    We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable
acquisitions that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth.    Our ability to expand through acquisitions is integral to our
business strategy and requires us to identify suitable acquisition candidates or investment opportunities that meet our criteria and are compatible with our growth strategy. We may not be successful in identifying suitable stores or other assets
that meet our acquisition criteria or in consummating acquisitions or investments on satisfactory terms or at all. Failure to identify or consummate acquisitions will slow our growth, which could in turn adversely affect our stock price.  
 Our ability to acquire stores on favorable terms and successfully integrate and operate them may be constrained by the following significant
risks:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 competition from local investors and other real estate investors with significant capital, including other  publicly-traded  REITs and institutional investment funds;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
 competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price which could reduce our profitability;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the inability to achieve satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and other customary closing conditions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 failure to finance an acquisition on favorable terms or at all;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may spend more than the time and amounts budgeted to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired stores; and  
      11  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may acquire stores subject to liabilities without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities such as liabilities for  clean-up  of
undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by persons dealing with the former owners of the stores and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the stores.
   In addition, strategic decisions by us, such as acquisitions, may adversely affect the price of our securities.  
 We may not be successful in integrating and operating acquired stores.  
 We have acquired many stores in the past, and we expect to continue acquiring stores in the future. If we acquire any stores, we will be
required to integrate them into our existing portfolio. The acquired stores may turn out to be less compatible with our growth strategy than originally anticipated, may cause disruptions in our operations or may divert management’s attention
away from  day-to-day  operations, which could impair our operating results as a whole.  
 We do not always obtain independent appraisals of our stores, and thus the consideration paid for these stores may exceed the value that may be
indicated by  third-party  appraisals.    We do not always obtain  third-party  appraisals in connection with our acquisition of stores and the consideration being paid by us in exchange for those stores may exceed the value determined by
 third-party  appraisals. In such cases, the value of the stores was determined by our senior management team.  
 Our investments in development and redevelopment projects may not yield anticipated returns, which would harm our operating results and reduce the
amount of funds available for distributions.    To the extent that we engage in development and redevelopment activities, we will be
subject to the following risks normally associated with these projects:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may be unable to obtain financing for these projects on favorable terms or at all;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may not complete development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 occupancy rates and rents at newly developed or redeveloped stores may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, and may result in our investment not being profitable.
   In deciding whether to develop or redevelop a particular property, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected
future performance of the store. We may underestimate the costs necessary to bring the property up to the standards established for its intended market position or may be unable to increase occupancy at a newly developed store as quickly as expected
or at all. Any substantial unanticipated delays or expenses could adversely affect the investment returns from these development or redevelopment projects and harm our operating results, liquidity and financial condition, which could result in a
decline in the value of our securities.    We may rely on the investments of our joint venture partners for funding certain of our
development and redevelopment projects. If our reputation in the  self-storage  industry changes or the number of investors considering us an attractive strategic partner is otherwise reduced, our ability to
develop or redevelop stores could be affected, which would limit our growth.    We rely on information technology in our operations,
and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business.    We rely on
information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial
 
      12  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
transactions and records, personally identifiable information, and tenant and lease data. We purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems depend. We rely on
commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential tenant and other sensitive information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our
information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not be able to prevent the systems’ improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure of personally
identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information. While, to date, we have not experienced a security breach, this risk has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of such breaches and attempted breaches from around the world have
increased. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, divert significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result,
subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.    Risks Related to
Our Organization and Structure    Our business could be harmed if key personnel with  long-standing  business
relationships in the  self-storage  industry terminate their employment with us.    Our success
depends on the continued services of members of our executive management team, who have substantial experience in the  self-storage  industry. In addition, our ability to acquire or develop stores in the future
depends on the significant relationships our executive management team has developed with our institutional joint venture partners, such as affiliates of Prudential Financial, Inc. There is no guarantee that any of them will remain employed by
us. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our officers. The loss of services of one or more members of our executive management team could harm our business and our prospects.  
 We may change our investment and financing strategies and enter into new lines of business without stockholder consent, which may subject us to
different risks.    We may change our investment and financing strategies and enter into new lines of business at any time without
the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our making investments and engaging in business activities that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments and businesses described in this document. A change in our
investment strategy or our entry into new lines of business may increase our exposure to other risks or real estate market fluctuations.    If other  self-storage  companies convert to an UPREIT structure or if tax laws change, we may no longer have an advantage in competing for potential acquisitions.  
 Because we are structured as an UPREIT, we are a more attractive acquirer of stores to  tax-motivated 
sellers than our competitors that are not structured as UPREITs. However, if other  self-storage  companies restructure their holdings to become UPREITs, this competitive advantage will disappear. In addition,
new legislation may be enacted or new interpretations of existing legislation may be issued by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), or the U.S. Treasury Department that could affect the attractiveness of our UPREIT structure so that it
may no longer assist us in competing for acquisitions.    Tax indemnification obligations may require the Operating Partnership to maintain certain
debt levels.    We have provided certain tax protections to various third parties in connection with their property contributions to
the Operating Partnership upon acquisition by the Company, including making available the opportunity to (1) guarantee debt or (2) enter into a special loss allocation and deficit restoration obligation. We have agreed to these provisions
in order to assist these contributors in preserving their tax position after their contributions. These obligations may require us to maintain certain indebtedness levels that we would not otherwise require for our business.  
      13  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole  decision-making  authority.    As of December 31, 2015, we held interests in 253 operating
stores through joint ventures. Some of these arrangements could be adversely affected by our lack of sole  decision-making  authority, our reliance on  co-venturers 
financial conditions and disputes between us and our  co-venturers.  We expect to continue our joint venture strategy by entering into more joint ventures for the purpose of developing new stores and acquiring
existing stores. In such event, we would not be in a position to exercise sole  decision-making  authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. The
 decision-making  authority regarding the stores we currently hold through joint ventures is either vested exclusively with our joint venture partners, is subject to a majority vote of the joint venture partners
or equally shared by us and the joint venture partners. In addition, investments in partnerships, joint ventures or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility
that partners or  co-venturers  might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Partners or  co-venturers  may have economic or other
business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions,
such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or  co-venturer  would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or
 co-venturers  may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. Consequently, actions by or
disputes with partners or  co-venturers  might result in subjecting stores owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of
our  third-party  partners or  co-venturers,  which could harm our financial condition.  
 Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of our relationship with our Operating Partnership.  
 Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, and our Operating Partnership
or any partner thereof. Our directors and officers have duties to our Company under applicable Maryland law in connection with their management of our Company. At the same time, we, through our  wholly-owned 
subsidiary, have fiduciary duties, as a general partner, to our Operating Partnership and to the limited partners under Delaware law in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership. Our duties, through our  wholly-owned  subsidiary, as a general partner to our Operating Partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our Company. The partnership agreement of our
Operating Partnership does not require us to resolve such conflicts in favor of either our Company or the limited partners in our Operating Partnership. Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant partnership agreement, Delaware law generally
requires a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership to adhere to fiduciary duty standards under which it owes its limited partners the highest duties of good faith, fairness, and loyalty and which generally prohibit such general partner
from taking any action or engaging in any transaction as to which it has a conflict of interest.    Additionally, the partnership agreement
expressly limits our liability by providing that neither we, our direct  wholly-owned  Massachusetts business trust subsidiary, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, nor any of our or their
trustees, directors or officers, will be liable or accountable in damages to our Operating Partnership, the limited partners or assignees for errors in judgment, mistakes of fact or law or for any act or omission if we, or such trustee, director or
officer, acted in good faith. In addition, our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us, our affiliates and each of our respective trustees, officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (whether joint or several), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and other legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all
claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the Operating Partnership, provided that our Operating Partnership will not indemnify for (1) willful misconduct
or a knowing violation of the law, (2) any transaction for which such person received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement, or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the
person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful.  
      14  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The provisions of Delaware law that allow the common law fiduciary duties of a general partner to
be modified by a partnership agreement have not been resolved in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties
that would be in effect under common law were it not for the partnership agreement.    Certain provisions of Maryland law and our organizational
documents, including the stock ownership limit imposed by our charter, may inhibit market activity in our stock and could prevent or delay a change in control transaction.  
 Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our
qualification as a REIT and to limit any person to actual or constructive ownership of no more than 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding common stock or 7.0% (by value or by number of shares,
whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding capital stock. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a proposed transferee from the ownership limit. However, our board of directors may not grant an exemption from the ownership
limit to any proposed transferee whose ownership could jeopardize our qualification as a REIT. These restrictions on ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or
to continue to qualify, as a REIT. The ownership limit may delay or impede a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our securities or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Different ownership
limits apply to the family of Kenneth M. Woolley, certain of his affiliates, family members and estates and trusts formed for the benefit of the foregoing; to Spencer F. Kirk, certain of his affiliates, family members and estates and trusts formed
for the benefit of the foregoing; and to certain designated investment entities as defined in our charter.    Our board of directors has the power to
issue additional shares of our stock in a manner that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders.    Our charter authorizes
our board of directors to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series without stockholder approval. In
addition, our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. Our board of directors could issue
additional shares of our common stock or establish a series of preferred stock that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for our securities or
otherwise not be in the best interests of our stockholders.    Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and
officers are limited.    Maryland law provides that a director or officer has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his
or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our charter eliminates our
directors’ and officers’ liability to us and our stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a
final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. Our bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers for liability resulting from actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. As a
result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers.  
 To the extent our distributions represent a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our stockholders could recognize an increased
capital gain upon a subsequent sale of common stock.    Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits
and not treated by us as a dividend will not be taxable to a U.S. stockholder under current U.S. federal income tax law to the extent those  
      15  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
distributions do not exceed the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in his, her, or its common stock, but instead will constitute a return of capital and will reduce such adjusted basis. If
distributions result in a reduction of a stockholder’s adjusted basis in such holder’s common stock, subsequent sales of such holder’s common stock will result in recognition of an increased capital gain or decreased capital loss due
to the reduction in such adjusted basis.    Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry  
 Our primary business involves the ownership and operation of stores.  
 Our current strategy is to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop only stores. Consequently, we are subject to risks inherent in
investments in a single industry. Because investments in real estate are inherently illiquid, this strategy makes it difficult for us to diversify our investment portfolio and to limit our risk when economic conditions change. Decreases in market
rents, negative tax, real estate and zoning law changes and changes in environmental protection laws may also increase our costs, lower the value of our investments and decrease our income, which would adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results.    Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the
performance of our stores.    Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more
stores in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other
factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any store for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be
acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a store.    We may
be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a store can be sold. We cannot assure you that we will have funds available to correct those defects or to make those improvements. In acquiring a store, we may agree to
transfer restrictions that materially restrict us from selling that store for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that store. These transfer restrictions would
impede our ability to sell a store even if we deem it necessary or appropriate.    Any investments in unimproved real property may take significantly
longer to yield  income-producing  returns, if at all, and may result in additional costs to us to comply with  re-zoning  restrictions or environmental regulations.
   We have invested in the past, and may invest in the future, in unimproved real property. Unimproved properties generally take
longer to yield  income-producing  returns based on the typical time required for development. Any development of unimproved property may also expose us to the risks and uncertainties associated with  re-zoning  the land for a higher use or development and environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups. Any unsuccessful investments or delays in realizing an
 income-producing  return or increased costs to develop unimproved real estate could restrict our ability to earn our targeted rate of return on an investment or adversely affect our ability to pay operating
expenses which would harm our financial condition and operating results.    Any negative perceptions of the
 self-storage  industry generally may result in a decline in our stock price.    To the extent
that the investing public has a negative perception of the  self-storage  industry, the value of our securities may be negatively impacted, which could result in our securities trading below the inherent value
of our assets.  
      16  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Risks Related to Our Debt Financings  
 Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain debt financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us.
   Uncertainty in the credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional debt financing or to refinance existing
debt maturities on favorable terms (or at all), which may negatively affect our ability to make acquisitions and fund development projects. A downturn in the credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive
financing, and may require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for us to sell stores or may adversely affect the price we receive for stores that we do sell, as prospective buyers may
experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing.    Required payments of principal and interest on borrowings
may leave us with insufficient cash to operate our stores or to pay the distributions currently contemplated or necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations.  
 As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately $3.6 billion of outstanding indebtedness. We may incur additional debt in connection
with future acquisitions and development. We may borrow under our Credit Lines or borrow new funds to finance these future stores. Additionally, we do not anticipate that our internally generated cash flow will be adequate to repay our existing
indebtedness upon maturity and, therefore, we expect to repay our indebtedness through refinancings and equity and/or debt offerings. Further, we may need to borrow funds in order to make cash distributions to maintain our qualification as a REIT or
to make our expected distributions.    If we are required to utilize our Credit Lines for purposes other than acquisition activity, this
will reduce the amount available for acquisitions and could slow our growth. Therefore, our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant adverse consequences, including the following:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, including to make acquisitions or to continue to make distributions required to maintain our qualification as a REIT;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, an increase in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our stores, possibly on disadvantageous terms;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 after debt service, the amount available for cash distributions to our stockholders is reduced;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our debt level could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less debt;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may experience increased vulnerability to economic and industry downturns, reducing our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our stores that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgages may enforce our guarantees;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations; and      

 
 
   
 • 
   
 our default under any one of our mortgage loans with  cross-default  or  cross-collateralization  provisions could result in a default on other
indebtedness or result in the foreclosures of other stores.  
      17  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Increases in interest rates may increase our interest expense and adversely affect our cash flow and our
ability to service our indebtedness and make cash distributions to our stockholders.    As of December 31, 2015, we had
approximately $3.6 billion of debt outstanding, of which approximately $1.1 billion, or 31.4% was subject to variable interest rates (excluding debt with interest rate swaps). This variable rate debt had a weighted average interest rate of
approximately 2.1% per annum. Increases in interest rates on this variable rate debt would increase our interest expense, which could harm our cash flow and our ability to pay cash distributions. For example, if market rates of interest on this
variable rate debt increased by 100 basis points (excluding variable rate debt with interest rate floors), the increase in interest expense would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $7.3 million annually.  
 Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations.  
 In certain cases we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements. Hedging involves
risks, such as the risk that the counterparty may fail to honor its obligations under an arrangement. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to make
cash distributions to our stockholders.    Risks Related to Qualification and Operation as a REIT  
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be forced to borrow funds on a  short-term  basis during
unfavorable market conditions.    To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our net
taxable income each year, excluding net capital gains, and we are subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income each year. In addition, we are subject to a 4% nondeductible excise
tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions made by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. While historically we
have satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, a REIT is permitted to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, its own stock.
Assuming we continue to satisfy these distributions requirements with cash, we may need to borrow funds on a  short-term  basis, or possibly  long-term,  to meet the REIT
distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from a difference in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, or the effect of  non-deductible  capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt amortization payments.  
 Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for reduced tax rates.  
 The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for dividends paid by domestic corporations to individual U.S. stockholders is 20%. Dividends paid by
REITs, however, are generally not eligible for the reduced rates. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause stockholders who are individuals to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than
investments in the stocks of  non-REIT  corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our securities.  
 In addition, the relative attractiveness of real estate in general may be adversely affected by the favorable tax treatment given to corporate
dividends, which could negatively affect the value of our stores.    Possible legislative or other actions affecting REITs could adversely affect our
stockholders.    The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the
legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may  
      18  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
have retroactive application) could adversely affect our stockholders. It cannot be predicted whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or our
stockholders will be changed.    The power of our board of directors to revoke our REIT election without stockholder approval may cause adverse
consequences to our stockholders.    Our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT
election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to qualify as a REIT, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable
income and would no longer be required to distribute most of our net taxable income to our stockholders, which may have adverse consequences on the total return to our stockholders.  
 Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our stock.  
 We believe we operate in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code. If
we fail to qualify as a REIT or lose our qualification as a REIT at any time, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution for each of the years involved because:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 we also could be subject to the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following a year during which we were disqualified.  
 In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to stockholders, and all distributions to
stockholders will be subject to tax as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that our U.S. individual stockholders would be taxed on our dividends at capital gains rates, and our
U.S. corporate stockholders would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject, in each case, to applicable limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income
tax purposes and are able to avail ourselves of one or more of the relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code in order to maintain our REIT status, we may nevertheless be required to pay penalty taxes of $50,000 or more for each such failure.
As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and could adversely affect the value of our securities.  
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which there are only
limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable Treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code is greater in the case of a REIT that, like us, holds its
assets through a partnership. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements,
including requirements regarding the composition of our assets, the sources of our gross income and the owners of our stock. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the fair market value of our assets, some of which are
not susceptible to precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding capital gains, and we will be
subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income including capital gains. In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may adversely
affect our investors, our ability to qualify as a REIT for U.S.  
      19  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. Although we believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that is
intended to allow us to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we can give no assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service regarding our qualification as a REIT.    We will pay some taxes.  
 Even though we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on
our income and property. Extra Space Management, Inc. manages stores for our joint ventures and stores owned by third parties. We, jointly with Extra Space Management, Inc., elected to treat Extra Space Management, Inc. as a taxable
REIT subsidiary (“TRS”) of our Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a fully taxable corporation, and may be limited in its ability to deduct interest payments made to us. ESM Reinsurance Limited, a  wholly-owned  subsidiary of Extra Space Management, Inc., generates income from insurance premiums that are subject to federal income tax and state insurance premiums tax. In addition, we will be subject to a
100% penalty tax on certain amounts if the economic arrangements among our tenants, our taxable REIT subsidiary and us are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties or if we receive payments for inventory or property held for
sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Also, if we sell property as a dealer (i.e., to customers in the ordinary course of our trade or business), we will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on any gain arising from such sales.
While we don’t intend to sell stores as a dealer, the IRS could take a contrary position. To the extent that we are, or our taxable REIT subsidiary is, required to pay U.S. federal, state or local taxes, we will have less cash available for
distribution to stockholders.    Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities.  
 To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our
income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego attractive business or investment opportunities. Thus,
compliance with the REIT requirements may adversely affect our ability to operate solely to maximize profits.      
 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments    None.  
   
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties    As of December 31, 2015, we owned or had ownership interests in 999
operating stores. Of these stores, 746 are  wholly-owned  and 253 are held in joint ventures. In addition, we managed an additional 348 stores for third parties bringing the total number of stores which we own
and/or manage to 1,347. These stores are located in 36 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. We receive a management fee generally equal to approximately 6.0% of cash collected from total revenues to manage the joint venture and third party
sites. As of December 31, 2015, we owned and/or managed approximately 101 million square feet of rentable space configured in approximately 896,000 separate storage units. Approximately 70% of our stores are clustered around large
population centers, such as Atlanta, Baltimore/Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, St. Petersburg/Tampa and San Francisco/Oakland. These markets
contain  above-average  population and income demographics for stores. The clustering of assets around these population centers enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. Our
acquisitions have given us an increased scale in many core markets as well as a foothold in many markets where we had no previous presence.  
 We consider a store to be in the  lease-up  stage after it has been issued a certificate of occupancy,
but before it has achieved stabilization. We consider a store to be stabilized once it has achieved either an 80% occupancy rate for a full year measured as of January 1, or has been open for three years.  
      20  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of December 31, 2015, approximately 800,000 tenants were leasing storage units at the
1,347 operating stores that we own and/or manage, primarily on a  month-to-month  basis, providing the flexibility to increase rental rates over time as market conditions
permit. Existing tenants generally receive rate increases at least annually, for which no direct correlation has been drawn to our vacancy trends. Although leases are  short-term  in duration, the typical tenant
tends to remain at our stores for an extended period of time. For stores that were stabilized as of December 31, 2015, the average length of stay was approximately 13.7 months.  
 The average annual rent per square foot for our existing customers at stabilized stores, net of discounts and bad debt, was $14.83 for the
year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $14.02 for the year ended December 31, 2014. Average annual rent per square foot for new leases was $15.41 for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to $14.35 for the year ended
December 31, 2014. The average discounts, as a percentage of rental revenues, during these periods were 3.3% and 3.8%, respectively.  
 Our store portfolio is made up of different types of construction and building configurations depending on the site and the municipality where
it is located. Most often sites are what we consider “hybrid” facilities, a mix of both  drive-up  buildings and  multi-floor  buildings. We have a number of  multi-floor  buildings with elevator access only, and a number of facilities featuring  ground-floor  access only.  
 The following table presents additional information regarding the occupancy of our stabilized stores by state as of December 31, 2015 and
2014. The information as of December 31, 2014, is on a pro forma basis as though all the stores owned at December 31, 2015, were under our control as of December 31, 2014.  
 Stabilized Store Data Based on Location      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
 
   Location 
   
 Number of Stores 
   
   
 Number of Units as of December 31, 2015 (1) 
   
   
 Number of Units as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2015 (2) 
   
   
 Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Wholly-Owned Stores 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Alabama 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 4,585 
    
   
   
 4,511 
    
   
   
 559,526 
    
   
   
 559,226 
    
   
   
 88.3 
 %  
   
   
 83.8 
 %  
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 10,477 
    
   
   
 10,347 
    
   
   
 1,213,977 
    
   
   
 1,211,460 
    
   
   
 91.0 
 %  
   
   
 89.8 
 %  
 
   California 
   
   
 135 
    
   
   
 102,569 
    
   
   
 102,023 
    
   
   
 10,721,441 
    
   
   
 10,711,355 
    
   
   
 94.8 
 %  
   
   
 92.7 
 %  
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 5,943 
    
   
   
 5,913 
    
   
   
 737,569 
    
   
   
 739,274 
    
   
   
 89.4 
 %  
   
   
 87.6 
 %  
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 3,143 
    
   
   
 3,132 
    
   
   
 298,936 
    
   
   
 299,734 
    
   
   
 93.1 
 %  
   
   
 90.7 
 %  
 
   Florida 
   
   
 75 
    
   
   
 52,973 
    
   
   
 52,457 
    
   
   
 5,719,626 
    
   
   
 5,692,917 
    
   
   
 92.9 
 %  
   
   
 91.2 
 %  
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 46 
    
   
   
 27,287 
    
   
   
 27,174 
    
   
   
 3,549,077 
    
   
   
 3,550,802 
    
   
   
 90.2 
 %  
   
   
 88.7 
 %  
 
   Hawaii 
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 5,856 
    
   
   
 5,626 
    
   
   
 344,400 
    
   
   
 336,872 
    
   
   
 94.1 
 %  
   
   
 93.1 
 %  
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 22 
    
   
   
 15,264 
    
   
   
 15,024 
    
   
   
 1,673,669 
    
   
   
 1,666,183 
    
   
   
 88.6 
 %  
   
   
 89.0 
 %  
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 4,825 
    
   
   
 4,754 
    
   
   
 556,143 
    
   
   
 555,335 
    
   
   
 90.3 
 %  
   
   
 89.6 
 %  
 
   Kansas 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 532 
    
   
   
 507 
    
   
   
 49,991 
    
   
   
 50,361 
    
   
   
 91.9 
 %  
   
   
 89.6 
 %  
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 5,006 
    
   
   
 4,997 
    
   
   
 669,936 
    
   
   
 669,936 
    
   
   
 85.6 
 %  
   
   
 85.8 
 %  
 
   Louisiana 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,406 
    
   
   
 1,408 
    
   
   
 150,090 
    
   
   
 149,990 
    
   
   
 92.1 
 %  
   
   
 92.4 
 %  
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 18,129 
    
   
   
 17,872 
    
   
   
 1,876,784 
    
   
   
 1,875,010 
    
   
   
 91.3 
 %  
   
   
 90.4 
 %  
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 37 
    
   
   
 23,172 
    
   
   
 22,913 
    
   
   
 2,316,364 
    
   
   
 2,315,612 
    
   
   
 91.8 
 %  
   
   
 90.8 
 %  
 
   Michigan 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1,815 
    
   
   
 1,799 
    
   
   
 258,001 
    
   
   
 254,239 
    
   
   
 90.1 
 %  
   
   
 91.7 
 %  
 
   Mississippi 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1,477 
    
   
   
 1,477 
    
   
   
 221,482 
    
   
   
 221,482 
    
   
   
 81.9 
 %  
   
   
 81.9 
 %  
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 3,238 
    
   
   
 3,224 
    
   
   
 385,961 
    
   
   
 386,151 
    
   
   
 93.2 
 %  
   
   
 90.4 
 %  
 
   Nevada 
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 8,643 
    
   
   
 8,667 
    
   
   
 1,262,065 
    
   
   
 1,262,025 
    
   
   
 89.8 
 %  
   
   
 88.8 
 %  
 
   New Hampshire 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,029 
    
   
   
 1,013 
    
   
   
 126,133 
    
   
   
 125,748 
    
   
   
 93.0 
 %  
   
   
 94.2 
 %  
 
   New Jersey 
   
   
 56 
    
   
   
 43,537 
    
   
   
 43,380 
    
   
   
 4,239,282 
    
   
   
 4,233,078 
    
   
   
 91.4 
 %  
   
   
 90.9 
 %  
 
   New Mexico 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1,613 
    
   
   
 1,575 
    
   
   
 221,292 
    
   
   
 217,074 
    
   
   
 92.5 
 %  
   
   
 85.9 
 %  
      21  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
 
   Location 
   
 Number of Stores 
   
   
 Number of Units as of December 31, 2015 (1) 
   
   
 Number of Units as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2015 (2) 
   
   
 Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2014 
   


 
   New York 
   
   
 21 
    
   
   
 18,431 
    
   
   
 18,336 
    
   
   
 1,546,216 
    
   
   
 1,544,963 
    
   
   
 91.6 
 %  
   
   
 90.5 
 %  
 
   North Carolina 
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 6,806 
    
   
   
 6,736 
    
   
   
 761,323 
    
   
   
 760,151 
    
   
   
 92.0 
 %  
   
   
 89.8 
 %  
 
   Ohio 
   
   
 21 
    
   
   
 11,372 
    
   
   
 11,282 
    
   
   
 1,485,653 
    
   
   
 1,481,342 
    
   
   
 91.2 
 %  
   
   
 89.9 
 %  
 
   Oregon 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,753 
    
   
   
 2,749 
    
   
   
 326,477 
    
   
   
 326,797 
    
   
   
 86.9 
 %  
   
   
 87.5 
 %  
 
   Pennsylvania 
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 9,651 
    
   
   
 9,623 
    
   
   
 1,044,720 
    
   
   
 1,040,898 
    
   
   
 87.3 
 %  
   
   
 86.6 
 %  
 
   Rhode Island 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,235 
    
   
   
 1,198 
    
   
   
 131,356 
    
   
   
 131,291 
    
   
   
 91.4 
 %  
   
   
 94.7 
 %  
 
   South Carolina 
   
   
 19 
    
   
   
 10,658 
    
   
   
 10,552 
    
   
   
 1,442,690 
    
   
   
 1,440,561 
    
   
   
 87.5 
 %  
   
   
 87.8 
 %  
 
   Tennessee 
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 10,330 
    
   
   
 10,320 
    
   
   
 1,458,806 
    
   
   
 1,457,297 
    
   
   
 88.8 
 %  
   
   
 89.6 
 %  
 
   Texas 
   
   
 72 
    
   
   
 45,967 
    
   
   
 45,926 
    
   
   
 5,866,304 
    
   
   
 5,868,530 
    
   
   
 89.7 
 %  
   
   
 88.6 
 %  
 
   Utah 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 4,231 
    
   
   
 4,242 
    
   
   
 523,056 
    
   
   
 523,056 
    
   
   
 94.1 
 %  
   
   
 88.9 
 %  
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 36 
    
   
   
 27,091 
    
   
   
 26,656 
    
   
   
 2,894,720 
    
   
   
 2,876,843 
    
   
   
 89.4 
 %  
   
   
 86.1 
 %  
 
   Washington 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 3,593 
    
   
   
 3,576 
    
   
   
 428,678 
    
   
   
 427,783 
    
   
   
 93.9 
 %  
   
   
 88.8 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Wholly-Owned Stabilized 
   
   
 726 
    
   
   
 494,637 
    
   
   
 490,989 
    
   
   
 55,061,744 
    
   
   
 54,963,376 
    
   
   
 91.4 
 %  
   
   
 90.0 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Joint-Venture Stores 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Alabama 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,177 
    
   
   
 1,153 
    
   
   
 145,056 
    
   
   
 145,146 
    
   
   
 95.5 
 %  
   
   
 88.2 
 %  
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 4,301 
    
   
   
 4,253 
    
   
   
 491,813 
    
   
   
 492,578 
    
   
   
 93.9 
 %  
   
   
 92.4 
 %  
 
   California 
   
   
 66 
    
   
   
 47,532 
    
   
   
 47,203 
    
   
   
 4,826,714 
    
   
   
 4,828,196 
    
   
   
 95.3 
 %  
   
   
 93.5 
 %  
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,308 
    
   
   
 1,318 
    
   
   
 158,375 
    
   
   
 159,220 
    
   
   
 93.9 
 %  
   
   
 94.1 
 %  
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 5,320 
    
   
   
 5,307 
    
   
   
 611,680 
    
   
   
 611,625 
    
   
   
 92.6 
 %  
   
   
 92.2 
 %  
 
   Delaware 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 597 
    
   
   
 591 
    
   
   
 71,610 
    
   
   
 71,705 
    
   
   
 81.2 
 %  
   
   
 93.2 
 %  
 
   Florida 
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 13,295 
    
   
   
 13,095 
    
   
   
 1,295,165 
    
   
   
 1,295,967 
    
   
   
 93.3 
 %  
   
   
 92.1 
 %  
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,084 
    
   
   
 1,069 
    
   
   
 151,134 
    
   
   
 152,794 
    
   
   
 90.0 
 %  
   
   
 91.6 
 %  
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 3,493 
    
   
   
 3,471 
    
   
   
 366,155 
    
   
   
 365,183 
    
   
   
 90.2 
 %  
   
   
 92.0 
 %  
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 2,257 
    
   
   
 2,206 
    
   
   
 288,415 
    
   
   
 288,028 
    
   
   
 92.0 
 %  
   
   
 90.3 
 %  
 
   Kansas 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 846 
    
   
   
 844 
    
   
   
 109,165 
    
   
   
 109,375 
    
   
   
 90.5 
 %  
   
   
 92.0 
 %  
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,283 
    
   
   
 2,274 
    
   
   
 257,199 
    
   
   
 257,439 
    
   
   
 87.2 
 %  
   
   
 87.0 
 %  
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 9,915 
    
   
   
 9,776 
    
   
   
 957,805 
    
   
   
 955,190 
    
   
   
 91.4 
 %  
   
   
 90.6 
 %  
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 7,012 
    
   
   
 6,946 
    
   
   
 774,897 
    
   
   
 784,024 
    
   
   
 92.3 
 %  
   
   
 90.6 
 %  
 
   Michigan 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 4,860 
    
   
   
 4,816 
    
   
   
 615,013 
    
   
   
 613,403 
    
   
   
 92.8 
 %  
   
   
 92.1 
 %  
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 538 
    
   
   
 534 
    
   
   
 61,075 
    
   
   
 61,075 
    
   
   
 91.7 
 %  
   
   
 91.3 
 %  
 
   Nevada 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,309 
    
   
   
 2,294 
    
   
   
 252,862 
    
   
   
 253,013 
    
   
   
 92.8 
 %  
   
   
 91.8 
 %  
 
   New Hampshire 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 801 
    
   
   
 792 
    
   
   
 85,111 
    
   
   
 84,391 
    
   
   
 94.8 
 %  
   
   
 90.4 
 %  
 
   New Jersey 
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 13,041 
    
   
   
 12,976 
    
   
   
 1,358,645 
    
   
   
 1,356,864 
    
   
   
 92.5 
 %  
   
   
 89.9 
 %  
 
   New Mexico 
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 3,649 
    
   
   
 3,602 
    
   
   
 396,575 
    
   
   
 397,494 
    
   
   
 92.1 
 %  
   
   
 89.5 
 %  
 
   New York 
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 11,938 
    
   
   
 11,936 
    
   
   
 971,181 
    
   
   
 977,351 
    
   
   
 92.8 
 %  
   
   
 92.0 
 %  
 
   Ohio 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 3,154 
    
   
   
 3,128 
    
   
   
 414,962 
    
   
   
 414,929 
    
   
   
 90.0 
 %  
   
   
 87.6 
 %  
 
   Oregon 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 655 
    
   
   
 653 
    
   
   
 64,970 
    
   
   
 64,970 
    
   
   
 94.0 
 %  
   
   
 91.8 
 %  
 
   Pennsylvania 
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 6,349 
    
   
   
 6,343 
    
   
   
 698,214 
    
   
   
 697,232 
    
   
   
 90.2 
 %  
   
   
 90.4 
 %  
 
   Tennessee 
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 7,383 
    
   
   
 7,381 
    
   
   
 956,108 
    
   
   
 957,243 
    
   
   
 90.5 
 %  
   
   
 91.9 
 %  
 
   Texas 
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 8,493 
    
   
   
 8,444 
    
   
   
 1,131,665 
    
   
   
 1,128,000 
    
   
   
 94.1 
 %  
   
   
 94.5 
 %  
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 8,674 
    
   
   
 8,634 
    
   
   
 918,172 
    
   
   
 917,914 
    
   
   
 89.4 
 %  
   
   
 90.7 
 %  
 
   Washington, DC 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1,547 
    
   
   
 1,530 
    
   
   
 102,488 
    
   
   
 102,017 
    
   
   
 89.4 
 %  
   
   
 92.8 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Joint-Venture Stabilized 
   
   
 250 
    
   
   
 173,811 
    
   
   
 172,569 
    
   
   
 18,532,224 
    
   
   
 18,542,366 
    
   
   
 92.8 
 %  
   
   
 91.9 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      22  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
 
   Location 
   
 Number of Stores 
   
   
 Number of Units as of December 31, 2015 (1) 
   
   
 Number of Units as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2015 (2) 
   
   
 Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Managed Stores 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Alabama 
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 5,020 
    
   
   
 4,993 
    
   
   
 668,563 
    
   
   
 677,723 
    
   
   
 86.9 
 %  
   
   
 85.1 
 %  
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1,230 
    
   
   
 1,216 
    
   
   
 230,703 
    
   
   
 228,131 
    
   
   
 93.8 
 %  
   
   
 91.6 
 %  
 
   California 
   
   
 82 
    
   
   
 53,335 
    
   
   
 54,014 
    
   
   
 6,699,268 
    
   
   
 6,776,534 
    
   
   
 91.9 
 %  
   
   
 87.1 
 %  
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 20 
    
   
   
 10,874 
    
   
   
 10,791 
    
   
   
 1,297,336 
    
   
   
 1,291,699 
    
   
   
 86.4 
 %  
   
   
 87.7 
 %  
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 459 
    
   
   
 465 
    
   
   
 61,360 
    
   
   
 61,865 
    
   
   
 93.9 
 %  
   
   
 91.6 
 %  
 
   Florida 
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 25,174 
    
   
   
 25,106 
    
   
   
 3,043,359 
    
   
   
 3,050,208 
    
   
   
 91.7 
 %  
   
   
 89.8 
 %  
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 3,921 
    
   
   
 3,946 
    
   
   
 580,042 
    
   
   
 593,356 
    
   
   
 92.5 
 %  
   
   
 90.0 
 %  
 
   Hawaii 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 4,817 
    
   
   
 5,043 
    
   
   
 349,952 
    
   
   
 350,155 
    
   
   
 92.5 
 %  
   
   
 87.0 
 %  
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 5,720 
    
   
   
 5,706 
    
   
   
 619,492 
    
   
   
 618,767 
    
   
   
 82.7 
 %  
   
   
 83.8 
 %  
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 7,717 
    
   
   
 7,748 
    
   
   
 940,116 
    
   
   
 959,031 
    
   
   
 89.3 
 %  
   
   
 88.6 
 %  
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,333 
    
   
   
 1,327 
    
   
   
 219,777 
    
   
   
 219,777 
    
   
   
 90.8 
 %  
   
   
 90.9 
 %  
 
   Louisiana 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 985 
    
   
   
 999 
    
   
   
 131,865 
    
   
   
 133,490 
    
   
   
 90.9 
 %  
   
   
 85.2 
 %  
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 11,931 
    
   
   
 11,691 
    
   
   
 1,135,555 
    
   
   
 1,138,279 
    
   
   
 86.4 
 %  
   
   
 87.8 
 %  
 
   Michigan 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,185 
    
   
   
 2,185 
    
   
   
 261,706 
    
   
   
 261,706 
    
   
   
 81.8 
 %  
   
   
 81.8 
 %  
 
   Mississippi 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 679 
    
   
   
 686 
    
   
   
 115,688 
    
   
   
 115,918 
    
   
   
 97.6 
 %  
   
   
 91.1 
 %  
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,215 
    
   
   
 2,035 
    
   
   
 251,792 
    
   
   
 230,334 
    
   
   
 80.5 
 %  
   
   
 83.6 
 %  
 
   Nevada 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 5,168 
    
   
   
 5,211 
    
   
   
 578,375 
    
   
   
 579,825 
    
   
   
 85.4 
 %  
   
   
 79.2 
 %  
 
   New Jersey 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,099 
    
   
   
 2,094 
    
   
   
 235,112 
    
   
   
 235,387 
    
   
   
 87.9 
 %  
   
   
 86.5 
 %  
 
   New Mexico 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1,964 
    
   
   
 1,927 
    
   
   
 233,727 
    
   
   
 234,647 
    
   
   
 90.2 
 %  
   
   
 88.4 
 %  
 
   New York 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2,048 
    
   
   
 2,048 
    
   
   
 88,017 
    
   
   
 88,017 
    
   
   
 92.2 
 %  
   
   
 92.2 
 %  
 
   North Carolina 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 3,184 
    
   
   
 3,182 
    
   
   
 461,986 
    
   
   
 461,884 
    
   
   
 80.8 
 %  
   
   
 81.2 
 %  
 
   Ohio 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 3,091 
    
   
   
 2,956 
    
   
   
 408,066 
    
   
   
 429,161 
    
   
   
 85.2 
 %  
   
   
 87.0 
 %  
 
   Oklahoma 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1,922 
    
   
   
 1,922 
    
   
   
 337,096 
    
   
   
 337,096 
    
   
   
 82.9 
 %  
   
   
 82.9 
 %  
 
   Oregon 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 455 
    
   
   
 455 
    
   
   
 39,419 
    
   
   
 39,419 
    
   
   
 97.7 
 %  
   
   
 97.7 
 %  
 
   Pennsylvania 
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 6,980 
    
   
   
 6,945 
    
   
   
 857,217 
    
   
   
 861,472 
    
   
   
 89.8 
 %  
   
   
 88.0 
 %  
 
   South Carolina 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,609 
    
   
   
 2,607 
    
   
   
 348,771 
    
   
   
 351,870 
    
   
   
 89.2 
 %  
   
   
 85.6 
 %  
 
   Tennessee 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 909 
    
   
   
 909 
    
   
   
 131,360 
    
   
   
 131,360 
    
   
   
 93.6 
 %  
   
   
 90.5 
 %  
 
   Texas 
   
   
 29 
    
   
   
 15,366 
    
   
   
 15,083 
    
   
   
 2,089,942 
    
   
   
 2,059,838 
    
   
   
 85.9 
 %  
   
   
 84.5 
 %  
 
   Utah 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,011 
    
   
   
 2,026 
    
   
   
 312,690 
    
   
   
 314,270 
    
   
   
 92.2 
 %  
   
   
 84.3 
 %  
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,436 
    
   
   
 2,403 
    
   
   
 248,574 
    
   
   
 249,264 
    
   
   
 90.2 
 %  
   
   
 87.2 
 %  
 
   Washington 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 493 
    
   
   
 493 
    
   
   
 48,810 
    
   
   
 48,810 
    
   
   
 74.0 
 %  
   
   
 74.0 
 %  
 
   Washington, DC 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,267 
    
   
   
 1,267 
    
   
   
 112,334 
    
   
   
 112,334 
    
   
   
 91.2 
 %  
   
   
 92.8 
 %  
 
   Puerto Rico 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,676 
    
   
   
 2,666 
    
   
   
 286,772 
    
   
   
 287,133 
    
   
   
 87.4 
 %  
   
   
 87.5 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Managed Stabilized 
   
   
 317 
    
   
   
 192,273 
    
   
   
 192,145 
    
   
   
 23,424,842 
    
   
   
 23,528,760 
    
   
   
 89.2 
 %  
   
   
 87.0 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Stabilized Stores 
   
   
 1,293 
    
   
   
 860,721 
    
   
   
 855,703 
    
   
   
 97,018,810 
    
   
   
 97,034,502 
    
   
   
 91.1 
 %  
   
   
 89.6 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents unit count as of December 31, 2015, which may differ from unit count as of December 31, 2014, due to unit conversions or expansions.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents net rentable square feet as of December 31, 2015, which may differ from net rentable square feet as of December 31, 2014, due to unit conversions or expansions.  
      23  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents additional information regarding the occupancy of our  lease-up  stores by state as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. The information as of December 31, 2014, is on a pro forma basis as though all the stores owned at December 31, 2015, were under our control
as of December 31, 2014.    Lease-up  Store Data Based on Location  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
   
 Company 
   
   
 Pro forma 
   
 
   Location 
   
 Number of Stores 
   
   
 Number of Units as of December 31, 2015 (1) 
   
   
 Number of Units as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2015 (2) 
   
   
 Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2014 
   
   
 Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Wholly-Owned Stores 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 894 
    
   
   
 894 
    
   
   
 122,092 
    
   
   
 122,092 
    
   
   
 72.9 
 %  
   
   
 46.4 
 %  
 
   California (3) 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 591 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 73,723 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4.4 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1,107 
    
   
   
 1,121 
    
   
   
 89,820 
    
   
   
 90,565 
    
   
   
 90.0 
 %  
   
   
 51.8 
 %  
 
   Florida 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 549 
    
   
   
 534 
    
   
   
 77,480 
    
   
   
 75,591 
    
   
   
 91.7 
 %  
   
   
 79.0 
 %  
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 621 
    
   
   
 598 
    
   
   
 52,606 
    
   
   
 52,365 
    
   
   
 94.9 
 %  
   
   
 91.0 
 %  
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 862 
    
   
   
 583 
    
   
   
 54,917 
    
   
   
 47,087 
    
   
   
 61.7 
 %  
   
   
 70.1 
 %  
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 988 
    
   
   
 988 
    
   
   
 103,135 
    
   
   
 103,171 
    
   
   
 89.8 
 %  
   
   
 74.5 
 %  
 
   North Carolina 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,563 
    
   
   
 394 
    
   
   
 150,873 
    
   
   
 37,780 
    
   
   
 44.3 
 %  
   
   
 91.0 
 %  
 
   South Carolina 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,219 
    
   
   
 1,246 
    
   
   
 131,744 
    
   
   
 131,902 
    
   
   
 86.9 
 %  
   
   
 39.3 
 %  
 
   Texas 
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 4,622 
    
   
   
 3,286 
    
   
   
 532,374 
    
   
   
 367,551 
    
   
   
 62.1 
 %  
   
   
 49.3 
 %  
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 502 
    
   
   
 502 
    
   
   
 56,405 
    
   
   
 56,405 
    
   
   
 89.2 
 %  
   
   
 66.6 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Wholly-Owned in Lease-up 
   
   
 20 
    
   
   
 13,518 
    
   
   
 10,146 
    
   
   
 1,445,169 
    
   
   
 1,084,509 
    
   
   
 68.0 
 %  
   
   
 57.7 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Joint-Venture Stores 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 606 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 62,200 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 39.2 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   California 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 619 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 59,529 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 79.0 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   New Jersey 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 873 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 74,521 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 45.3 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Joint-Venture in Lease-up 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 2,098 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 196,250 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 53.6 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Managed Stores 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   California 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 1,608 
    
   
   
 1,082 
    
   
   
 209,030 
    
   
   
 229,755 
    
   
   
 58.4 
 %  
   
   
 73.3 
 %  
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 2,033 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 207,376 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 60.9 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   Florida 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 595 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 70,675 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 30.8 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 553 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 69,367 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 54.4 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 672 
    
   
   
 673 
    
   
   
 46,417 
    
   
   
 46,417 
    
   
   
 83.6 
 %  
   
   
 55.1 
 %  
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 2,497 
    
   
   
 422 
    
   
   
 218,463 
    
   
   
 44,790 
    
   
   
 58.8 
 %  
   
   
 73.4 
 %  
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 902 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 70,106 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 56.7 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   Nevada 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1,470 
    
   
   
 1,470 
    
   
   
 196,486 
    
   
   
 196,486 
    
   
   
 66.2 
 %  
   
   
 36.5 
 %  
 
   New York 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,453 
    
   
   
 348 
    
   
   
 100,634 
    
   
   
 33,764 
    
   
   
 47.6 
 %  
   
   
 32.9 
 %  
 
   North Carolina 
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1,130 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 103,594 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 58.1 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   Oregon 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 285 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 27,100 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31.8 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   South Carolina 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 2,960 
    
   
   
 1,002 
    
   
   
 314,286 
    
   
   
 97,750 
    
   
   
 53.3 
 %  
   
   
 22.7 
 %  
 
   Texas 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,180 
    
   
   
 551 
    
   
   
 134,019 
    
   
   
 60,732 
    
   
   
 43.7 
 %  
   
   
 81.7 
 %  
 
   Utah 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 521 
    
   
   
 522 
    
   
   
 67,357 
    
   
   
 67,037 
    
   
   
 92.3 
 %  
   
   
 70.7 
 %  
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1,054 
    
   
   
 1,058 
    
   
   
 105,594 
    
   
   
 106,126 
    
   
   
 91.6 
 %  
   
   
 60.3 
 %  
 
   Washington 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 692 
    
   
   
 600 
    
   
   
 80,680 
    
   
   
 54,935 
    
   
   
 76.0 
 %  
   
   
 4.9 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Managed in Lease-up 
   
   
 31 
    
   
   
 19,605 
    
   
   
 7,728 
    
   
   
 2,021,184 
    
   
   
 937,792 
    
   
   
 59.8 
 %  
   
   
 52.9 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Lease-up Stores 
   
   
 54 
    
   
   
 35,221 
    
   
   
 17,874 
    
   
   
 3,662,603 
    
   
   
 2,022,301 
    
   
   
 62.7 
 %  
   
   
 55.5 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents unit count as of December 31, 2015, which may differ from unit count as of December 31, 2014, due to unit conversions or expansions.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents net rentable square feet as of December 31, 2015, which may differ from net rentable square feet as of December 31, 2014, due to unit conversions or expansions.  
      24  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings    We are involved in various legal proceedings and are subject to
various claims and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the outcome of these matters cannot presently be determined with any degree of certainty. In accordance with applicable
accounting guidance, management establishes an accrued liability for litigation when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts
accrued. The estimated loss, if any, is based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment, a variety of assumptions, and known and unknown uncertainties. Therefore, any estimate(s) of loss disclosed below represents
what management believes to be an estimate of loss only for certain matters meeting these criteria and does not represent our maximum loss exposure. We could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period, notwithstanding the fact that we are currently vigorously defending any legal proceedings against us.  
 We currently have several legal proceedings pending against us that include causes of action alleging wrongful foreclosure, violations of
various state specific self-storage statutes, and violations of various consumer fraud acts. As a result of these litigation matters, we recorded a liability of $850,000 during the year ended December 31, 2014, which is included in other
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.      
 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures    Not Applicable.  
      25  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
 Market Information    Our common stock has
been traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “EXR” since our IPO on August 17, 2004. Prior to that time there was no public market for our common stock.  
 The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales price for our common stock as reported by the NYSE and the per
share dividends declared:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Range 
   
    
 Dividends Declared 
   
 
   Year 
    
   Quarter 
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    


 
   2014 
    
 1st 
    
 $ 
 50.10 
    
    
 $ 
 41.48 
    
    
 $ 
 0.40 
    
 
 
    
 2nd 
    
   
 54.44 
    
    
   
 47.57 
    
    
   
 0.47 
    
 
 
    
 3rd 
    
   
 54.87 
    
    
   
 50.11 
    
    
   
 0.47 
    
 
 
    
 4th 
    
   
 60.56 
    
    
   
 51.10 
    
    
   
 0.47 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2015 
    
 1st 
    
   
 67.65 
    
    
   
 57.11 
    
    
   
 0.47 
    
 
 
    
 2nd 
    
   
 70.50 
    
    
   
 63.54 
    
    
   
 0.59 
    
 
 
    
 3rd 
    
   
 77.51 
    
    
   
 65.82 
    
    
   
 0.59 
    
 
 
    
 4th 
    
   
 90.22 
    
    
   
 75.55 
    
    
   
 0.59 
    
   On February 18, 2016, the closing price of our common stock as reported by the NYSE was $84.55. At
February 18, 2016, we had 335 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares of the Company are held in “street” name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing
number.    Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive distributions when declared by our board of directors out of any assets
legally available for that purpose. As a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our “REIT taxable income,” which is generally equivalent to our net taxable ordinary income, determined without regard to the deduction for
dividends paid to our stockholders annually in order to maintain our REIT qualification for U.S. federal income tax purposes.    Information
about our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.   
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities  
 On April 15, 2015, we entered into a contribution agreement to acquire 22 stores located in Arizona and Texas (the
“Properties”). The Properties include approximately 1.7 million square feet of net rentable space in approximately 13,500 self-storage units, which were approximately 81.7% occupied as of June 30, 2015. The aggregate
consideration paid to acquire the Properties is valued at approximately $177.7 million, excluding transaction costs, including the issuance by the Operating Partnership to the contributors of 1,504,277 common Operating Partnership units (“OP
Units”), with a total value of $101.7 million.    On June 18, 2015, our Operating Partnership issued 71,054 OP Units in connection
with the acquisition of a store located in Florida. The store was acquired in exchange for the OP Units, valued at $4.8 million, and approximately $12.7 million of cash.  
 On October 1, 2015, the Company completed its previously announced acquisition of SmartStop, a public non-traded REIT pursuant to an
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 15, 2015. Under the terms of the  
      26  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Merger Agreement, SmartStop shareholders received $13.75 per share in cash. Certain unit holders elected to exchange their SmartStop OP units for 376,848 of the Company’s OP units for a
total value of approximately $25.5 million.    On November 13, 2015, our Operating Partnership issued 91,434 OP Units in connection
with the acquisition of a store located in Texas. The store was acquired in exchange for the OP Units, valued at $7.2 million, and approximately $7.1 million of cash.  
 The terms of the OP Units are governed by the Operating Partnership’s Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership. The
OP Units will be redeemable, at the option of the holders following the expiration of a lock-up period commencing on the date of issuance and ending on August 15, 2016, which redemption obligation may be satisfied, at our option, in cash or
shares of our common stock.    The OP Units were issued in private placements in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.      
 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data    The following table presents selected financial data and should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” and Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” in this  Form 10-K  (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Revenues: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property rental 
   
 $ 
 676,138 
    
   
 $ 
 559,868 
    
   
 $ 
 446,682 
    
   
 $ 
 346,874 
    
   
 $ 
 268,725 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance, management fees and other income 
   
   
 106,132 
    
   
   
 87,287 
    
   
   
 73,931 
    
   
   
 62,522 
    
   
   
 61,105 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
   
   
 782,270 
    
   
   
 647,155 
    
   
   
 520,613 
    
   
   
 409,396 
    
   
   
 329,830 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property operations 
   
   
 203,965 
    
   
   
 172,416 
    
   
   
 140,012 
    
   
   
 114,028 
    
   
   
 95,481 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 13,033 
    
   
   
 10,427 
    
   
   
 9,022 
    
   
   
 7,869 
    
   
   
 6,143 
    
 
   Acquisition related costs and severance 
   
   
 69,401 
    
   
   
 9,826 
    
   
   
 8,618 
    
   
   
 5,351 
    
   
   
 5,033 
    
 
   General and administrative 
   
   
 67,758 
    
   
   
 60,942 
    
   
   
 54,246 
    
   
   
 50,454 
    
   
   
 49,683 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 133,457 
    
   
   
 115,076 
    
   
   
 95,232 
    
   
   
 74,453 
    
   
   
 58,014 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
   
   
 487,614 
    
   
   
 368,687 
    
   
   
 307,130 
    
   
   
 252,155 
    
   
   
 214,354 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 294,656 
    
   
   
 278,468 
    
   
   
 213,483 
    
   
   
 157,241 
    
   
   
 115,476 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (98,992 
 )  
   
   
 (84,013 
 )  
   
   
 (73,034 
 )  
   
   
 (72,294 
 )  
   
   
 (69,062 
 )  
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 8,311 
    
   
   
 6,457 
    
   
   
 5,599 
    
   
   
 6,666 
    
   
   
 5,877 
    
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition, gain (loss) on sale of real estate, earnout from prior acquisitions
and property casualty loss, net 
   
   
 1,501 
    
   
   
 (12,009 
 )  
   
   
 (8,193 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before equity in earnings of real estate ventures and income tax expense 
   
   
 205,476 
    
   
   
 188,903 
    
   
   
 137,855 
    
   
   
 91,613 
    
   
   
 52,291 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 12,351 
    
   
   
 10,541 
    
   
   
 11,653 
    
   
   
 10,859 
    
   
   
 7,287 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture
partners’ interests 
   
   
 2,857 
    
   
   
 4,022 
    
   
   
 46,032 
    
   
   
 30,630 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 (11,148 
 )  
   
   
 (7,570 
 )  
   
   
 (9,984 
 )  
   
   
 (5,413 
 )  
   
   
 (1,155 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 209,536 
    
   
   
 195,896 
    
   
   
 185,556 
    
   
   
 127,689 
    
   
   
 58,423 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (20,062 
 )  
   
   
 (17,541 
 )  
   
   
 (13,480 
 )  
   
   
 (10,380 
 )  
   
   
 (7,974 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 189,474 
    
   
 $ 
 178,355 
    
   
 $ 
 172,076 
    
   
 $ 
 117,309 
    
   
 $ 
 50,449 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      27  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Earnings per common share 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 1.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.54 
    
   
 $ 
 1.54 
    
   
 $ 
 1.15 
    
   
 $ 
 0.55 
    
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 1.56 
    
   
 $ 
 1.53 
    
   
 $ 
 1.53 
    
   
 $ 
 1.14 
    
   
 $ 
 0.54 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 119,816,743 
    
   
   
 115,713,807 
    
   
   
 111,349,361 
    
   
   
 101,766,385 
    
   
   
 92,097,008 
    
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 126,918,869 
    
   
   
 121,435,267 
    
   
   
 113,105,094 
    
   
   
 103,767,365 
    
   
   
 96,683,508 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash dividends paid per common share 
   
 $ 
 2.24 
    
   
 $ 
 1.81 
    
   
 $ 
 1.45 
    
   
 $ 
 0.85 
    
   
 $ 
 0.56 
    
 
 
 
 
   
   
 As of December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   Balance Sheet Data 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 6,071,407 
    
   
 $ 
 4,381,987 
    
   
 $ 
 3,977,140 
    
   
 $ 
 3,223,477 
    
   
 $ 
 2,517,524 
    
 
   Total notes payable, notes payable to trusts, exchangeable senior notes and lines of credit, net 
   
 $ 
 3,535,621 
    
   
 $ 
 2,349,764 
    
   
 $ 
 1,946,647 
    
   
 $ 
 1,577,599 
    
   
 $ 
 1,363,656 
    
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
 $ 
 283,527 
    
   
 $ 
 174,558 
    
   
 $ 
 173,425 
    
   
 $ 
 53,524 
    
   
 $ 
 54,814 
    
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
   
 $ 
 2,089,077 
    
   
 $ 
 1,737,425 
    
   
 $ 
 1,758,470 
    
   
 $ 
 1,491,807 
    
   
 $ 
 1,018,947 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other Data 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
 $ 
 367,329 
    
   
 $ 
 337,581 
    
   
 $ 
 271,259 
    
   
 $ 
 215,879 
    
   
 $ 
 144,164 
    
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
 $ 
 (1,625,664 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (564,948 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (366,976 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (606,938 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (251,919 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
   
 $ 
 1,286,471 
    
   
 $ 
 148,307 
    
   
 $ 
 191,655 
    
   
 $ 
 395,360 
    
   
 $ 
 87,489 
    
 
      28  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.
We make statements in this section that are  forward-looking  statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of  forward-looking 
statements, see the section in this  Form 10-K  entitled “Statements Regarding  Forward-Looking  Information.” Certain risk factors may cause actual results,
performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see the section in this  Form 10-K  entitled “Risk
Factors.” Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data.    Overview  
 We are a fully integrated,  self-administered  and  self-managed 
real estate investment trust, or REIT, formed to continue the business commenced in 1977 by Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed stores.  
 At December 31, 2015, we owned, had ownership interests in, or managed 1,347 operating stores in 36 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto
Rico. Of these 1,347 operating stores, we owned 746, we held joint venture interests in 253 stores, and our taxable REIT subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc., operated an additional 348 stores that are owned by third parties. These
operating stores contain approximately 101 million square feet of rentable space in approximately 896,000 units and currently serve a customer base of approximately 800,000 tenants.  
 Our stores are generally situated in convenient, highly visible locations clustered around large population centers such as Atlanta,
Baltimore/Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, St. Petersburg/Tampa and San Francisco/Oakland. These areas all enjoy above average population growth
and income levels. The clustering of our assets around these population centers enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. We consider a store to be in the  lease-up  stage after it has
been issued a certificate of occupancy, but before it has achieved stabilization. A store is considered to be stabilized once it has achieved an 80% occupancy rate for a full year measured as of January 1, or has been open for three years.  
 To maximize the performance of our stores, we employ  industry-leading  revenue management systems.
Developed by our management team, these systems enable us to analyze, set and adjust rental rates in real time across our portfolio in order to respond to changing market conditions. We believe our systems and processes allow us to more proactively
manage revenues.    We derive substantially all of our revenues from rents received from tenants under leases at each of our  wholly-owned  stores, from management fees on the stores we manage for  joint-venture  partners and unaffiliated third parties, and from our tenant reinsurance program. Our
management fee is generally equal to approximately 6.0% of cash collected from total revenues generated by the managed stores. We also receive an asset management fee of 0.5% of the total asset value from one of our joint ventures.  
 We operate in competitive markets, often where consumers have multiple stores from which to choose. Competition has impacted, and will
continue to impact, our store results. We experience seasonal fluctuations in occupancy levels, with occupancy levels generally higher in the summer months due to increased moving activity. Our operating results depend materially on our ability to
lease available  self-storage  units, to actively manage unit rental rates, and on the ability of our tenants to make required rental payments. We believe that we are able to respond quickly and effectively to
changes in local, regional and national economic conditions by adjusting rental rates through the combination of our revenue management team and our  industry-leading  technology systems.  
      29  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We continue to evaluate a range of new initiatives and opportunities in order to enable us to
maximize stockholder value. Our strategies to maximize stockholder value include the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Maximize the performance of our stores through strategic, efficient and proactive management.  We pursue  revenue-generating  and
 expense-minimizing  opportunities in our operations. Our revenue management team seeks to maximize revenue by responding to changing market conditions through our advanced technology system’s ability to
provide  real-time,  interactive rental rate and discount management. Our size allows us greater ability than the majority of our competitors to implement more effective online marketing programs, which we
believe will attract more customers to our stores at a lower net cost.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Acquire stores.  Our acquisitions team continues to pursue the acquisition of  multi-store  portfolios and single stores that we believe can provide stockholder value.
We have established a reputation as a reliable, ethical buyer, which we believe enhances our ability to negotiate and close acquisitions. In addition, we believe our status as an UPREIT enables flexibility when structuring deals. We continue to see
available acquisitions on which to bid and are seeing increasing prices. However, we remain a disciplined buyer and look for acquisitions that will strengthen our portfolio and increase stockholder value.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Expand our management business.  Our management business enables us to generate increased revenues through management fees and expand our geographic footprint. We believe this expanded footprint enables us
to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. In addition, we see our management business as a future acquisition pipeline. We pursue strategic relationships with owners whose stores would enhance our portfolio in the event an
opportunity arises to acquire such stores.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  
 Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these
financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an
ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those that impact our most critical accounting policies. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the following are our most critical accounting policies:  
 CONSOLIDATION:  Arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights are accounted for as variable interest entities
(“VIEs”). An enterprise is required to consolidate a VIE if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE.    A VIE is created when
(i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (ii) the entity’s equity holders as a group either:
(a) lack the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they
occur, or (c) do not have the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity if they occur. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE, the enterprise that is deemed to have a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that
provides the enterprise with a controlling financial interest in the VIE is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE.  
 We have concluded that under certain circumstances when we enter into arrangements for the formation of joint ventures, a VIE may be
created under condition (i), (ii) (b) or (c) of the previous paragraph. For each VIE created, we have performed a qualitative analysis, including considering which party, if any, has the power to direct the activities most
significant to the economic performance of each VIE and whether that party has the  
      30  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. If we are determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the
assets, liabilities and operations of the VIE are consolidated with our financial statements. As of December 31, 2015, we had no consolidated VIEs. Additionally, our Operating Partnership has notes payable to three trusts that are VIEs under
condition (ii)(a) above. Since the Operating Partnership is not the primary beneficiary of the trusts, these VIEs are not consolidated.  
 REAL ESTATE ASSETS:  Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Direct and allowable internal costs
associated with the development, construction, renovation, and improvement of real estate assets are capitalized. Interest, property taxes, and other costs associated with development incurred during the construction period are capitalized.  
 Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major replacements and betterments that improve or extend the
life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated useful lives of the buildings and improvements,
which are generally between 5 and 39 years.    In connection with our acquisition of stores, the purchase price is allocated to the
tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired based on their fair values, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, is determined as if vacant. Intangible
assets, which represent the value of existing tenant relationships, are recorded at their fair values based on the avoided cost to replace the current leases. We measure the value of tenant relationships based on the rent lost due to the amount of
time required to replace existing customers, which is based on our historical experience with turnover in our facilities. Debt assumed as part of an acquisition is recorded at fair value based on current interest rates compared to contractual rates.
 Acquisition-related  transaction costs are expensed as incurred.    Intangible lease rights include:
(1) purchase price amounts allocated to leases on three stores that cannot be classified as ground or building leases; these rights are amortized to expense over the term of the leases; and (2) intangibles related to ground leases on six
stores where the ground leases were assumed by the Company at rates that were different than the current market rates for similar leases. The value associated with these assumed leases were recorded as intangibles, which will be amortized over the
lease terms.    EVALUATION OF ASSET IMPAIRMENT:  Long lived assets held for use are evaluated for impairment when events or
circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. We review each store at least annually to determine if any such events or circumstances have occurred or exist. We focus on stores where occupancy and/or rental income have decreased by a
significant amount. For these stores, we determine whether the decrease is temporary or permanent and whether the store will likely recover the lost occupancy and/or revenue in the short term. In addition, we review stores in the  lease-up  stage and compare actual operating results to original projections.    When we determine that an
event that may indicate impairment has occurred, we compare the carrying value of the related  long-lived  assets to the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. An impairment
loss is recorded if the net carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. The impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the
assets.    When real estate assets are identified as held for sale, we discontinue depreciating the assets and estimate the fair value of
the assets, net of selling costs. If the estimated fair value, net of selling costs, of the assets that have been identified as held for sale is less than the net carrying value of the assets, we would recognize a loss on the disposal group
classified as held for sale. The operations of assets held for sale or sold during the period are presented as part of normal operations for all periods presented.  
      31  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES:  Our investments in real estate joint
ventures where we have significant influence but not control, and joint ventures which are VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
   Under the equity method, our investment in real estate ventures is stated at cost and adjusted for our share of net earnings or losses
and reduced by distributions. Equity in earnings of real estate ventures is generally recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate ventures. For the purposes of presentation in the statement of
cash flows, we follow the “look through” approach for classification of distributions from joint ventures. Under this approach, distributions are reported under operating cash flow unless the facts and circumstances of a specific
distribution clearly indicate that it is a return of capital (e.g., a liquidating dividend or distribution of the proceeds from the joint venture’s sale of assets) in which case it is reported as an investing activity.  
 Our management assesses annually whether there are any indicators that the value of our investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures may
be impaired and when events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. An investment is impaired if management’s estimate of the fair value of the investment, using significant unobservable inputs, is less than its carrying value.
To the extent impairment has occurred and is considered to be other than temporary, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of the investment.  
 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES:  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use
of the derivative and the resulting designation. Derivatives used to hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives used to
hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges.  
 For derivatives designated as fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative and the hedged item related to the hedged risk
are recognized in earnings. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is initially reported in other comprehensive income, outside of earnings and subsequently reclassified
to earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings.    REVENUE AND EXPENSE RECOGNITION:  Rental revenues are recognized as
earned based upon amounts that are currently due from tenants. Leases are generally on  month-to-month  terms. Prepaid rents are recognized on a  straight-line  basis over the term of the leases. Promotional discounts are recognized as a reduction to rental income over the promotional period. Late charges, administrative fees, merchandise sales and truck
rentals are recognized in income when earned. Management fee revenues are recognized monthly as services are performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. Equity in earnings of real estate entities is recognized
based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate entities. Interest income is recognized as earned.  
 Property expenses, including utilities, property taxes, repairs and maintenance and other costs to manage the facilities are recognized as
incurred. We accrue for property tax expense based upon invoice amounts, estimates and historical trends. If these estimates are incorrect, the timing of expense recognition could be affected.  
 Tenant reinsurance premiums are recognized as revenue over the period of insurance coverage. We record an unpaid claims liability at the end
of each period based on existing unpaid claims and historical claims payment history. The unpaid claims liability represents an estimate of the ultimate cost to settle all unpaid claims as of each period end, including both reported but unpaid
claims and claims that may have been incurred but have not been reported. We use a third party claims administrator to adjust all tenant reinsurance claims received. The administrator evaluates each claim to determine the ultimate claim loss and
includes an estimate for claims that may have been incurred but not reported. Annually, a third party actuary evaluates the adequacy of the unpaid  
      32  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
claims liability. Prior year claim reserves are adjusted as experience develops or new information becomes known. The impact of such adjustments is included in the current period operations. The
unpaid claims liability is not discounted to its present value. Each tenant chooses the amount of insurance coverage they want through the tenant reinsurance program. Tenants can purchase policies in amounts of two thousand dollars to ten thousand
dollars of insurance coverage in exchange for a monthly fee. Our exposure per claim is limited by the maximum amount of coverage chosen by each tenant. We purchase reinsurance for losses exceeding a set amount on any one event. We do not currently
have any amounts recoverable under the reinsurance arrangements.    INCOME TAXES:  We have elected to be treated as a REIT under
Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, among other things, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders and meet certain tests
regarding the nature of our income and assets. As a REIT, we are not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of our income which meets certain criteria and is distributed annually to our stockholders. We plan to continue to
operate so that we meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. If we were to fail to meet these requirements, we would be subject to federal income tax. We are subject to
certain state and local taxes. Provision for such taxes has been included in income tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations.  
 We have elected to treat one of our corporate subsidiaries, Extra Space Management, Inc., as a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”).
In general, our TRS may perform additional services for tenants and generally may engage in any real estate or  non-real  estate related business. A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred.  
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS    In
April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-08, “ Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting
Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ” Under this guidance, only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. The guidance also requires
new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2015. We have not previously had discontinued
operations and as such, this guidance did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.    In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09, “ Revenue from Contracts with Customers, ” which amends the guidance for revenue recognition to replace numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges areas under this topic with those of the International
Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2014-09 outlines a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. The amendment also requires enhanced disclosures
regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 was originally effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Entities can transition to the standard
either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date of the standard. The new standard will now become effective for annual and interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption on the original effective date permitted. The Company has not yet selected a transition method. Management is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our
consolidated financial statements.    In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, “ Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the
Consolidation Analysis.”  This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period. ASU 2015-02 amends the criteria for determining if
 
      33  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
a service provider possesses a variable interest in a variable interest entity (“VIE”), and eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership.
We do not expect the adoption of this standard to materially impact its consolidated financial statements.    In April 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-03, “ Interest—Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, ” which requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented as a direct deduction from the
carrying amount of that debt liability. The new guidance only impacts financial statement presentation. The guidance is effective in the first quarter of 2016 and allows for early adoption. We adopted this guidance October 1, 2015 on a
retrospective basis. As a result $20,120 of unamortized debt issuance costs that had been included in the Other assets line on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2014 are now presented as direct deductions from the carrying
amounts of the related debt liabilities.    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, “ Intangibles—Goodwill and
Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40)—Customers Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, ” which provides guidance regarding the accounting for fees paid by a customer in cloud computing arrangements. If a
cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the payment of fees should be accounted for in the same manner as the acquisition of other software licenses. If there is no software license, the fees should be accounted for as a service
contract. The guidance is effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. An entity can elect to adopt the amendments either (1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially
modified after the effective date or (2) retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to materially impact our consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  “Interest—Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Presentation and Subsequent
Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements,”  which provides guidance regarding the classification of debt issuance costs associated with lines of credit. Specifically, deferring and presenting debt
issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement is allowed.
We adopted this guidance effective October 1, 2015. We continued to present the debt issuance costs and related accumulated amortization relating to our lines of credit as assets.  
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    Comparison of the Year Ended
December 31, 2015 to the Year Ended December 31, 2014    Overview  
 Results for the year ended December 31, 2015, included the operations of 999 stores (747 of which were consolidated and 252 of which were
in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method) compared to the results for the year ended December 31, 2014, which included the operations of 828 stores (576 of which were consolidated and 252 of which were in joint ventures accounted
for using the equity method).    Revenues  
 The following table presents information on revenues earned for the years indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
          2015          
   
    
          2014          
   
    
 $ Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Revenues: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Property rental 
    
 $ 
 676,138 
    
    
 $ 
 559,868 
    
    
 $ 
 116,270 
    
    
   
 20.8 
 %  
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 71,971 
    
    
   
 59,072 
    
    
   
 12,899 
    
    
   
 21.8 
 %  
 
   Management fees and other income 
    
   
 34,161 
    
    
   
 28,215 
    
    
   
 5,946 
    
    
   
 21.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 782,270 
    
    
 $ 
 647,155 
    
    
 $ 
 135,115 
    
    
   
 20.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      34  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Property Rental —The change in property rental revenues consists primarily of an
increase of $69,622 associated with acquisitions completed in 2015 and 2014. We acquired 171 operating stores during 2015 and 51 stores during 2014. In addition, revenues increased by $47,560 as a result of increases in occupancy and rental rates to
new and existing customers at our stabilized stores. We have seen no significant increase in overall customer renewal rates and our average length of stay is approximately 13.7 months. For existing customers we generally seek to increase rental
rates approximately 7% to 10% at least annually. Rental rates to new tenants increased by approximately 8.9% over the prior year. Occupancy at our stabilized stores increased to 91.1% at December 31, 2015, as compared to 89.6% at
December 31, 2014.    Tenant Reinsurance —The increase in tenant reinsurance revenues was partially due to the increase in
overall customer participation to approximately 72.8% at December 31, 2015, compared to approximately 70.7% at December 31, 2014. In addition, we operated 1,347 stores at December 31, 2015, compared to 1,088 stores at
December 31, 2014.    Management Fees and Other Income —Our taxable REIT subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc.,
manages stores owned by our joint ventures and third parties. Management fees generally represent 6.0% of cash collected from stores owned by third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. We also earn an asset management fee from the Storage
Portfolio I (“SPI”) joint venture, equal to 0.50% multiplied by the total asset value, provided certain conditions are met. The increase in management fees is due to an increase in the number of properties managed. At December 31,
2015, we managed 348 stores, compared to 260 stores at December 31, 2014.    Expenses  
 The following table presents information on expenses for the years indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
          2015          
   
    
          2014          
   
    
 $ Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Expenses: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Property operations 
    
 $ 
 203,965 
    
    
 $ 
 172,416 
    
    
 $ 
 31,549 
    
    
   
 18.3 
 %  
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 13,033 
    
    
   
 10,427 
    
    
   
 2,606 
    
    
   
 25.0 
 %  
 
   Acquisition related costs 
    
   
 69,401 
    
    
   
 9,826 
    
    
   
 59,575 
    
    
   
 606.3 
 %  
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 67,758 
    
    
   
 60,942 
    
    
   
 6,816 
    
    
   
 11.2 
 %  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 133,457 
    
    
   
 115,076 
    
    
   
 18,381 
    
    
   
 16.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
 $ 
 487,614 
    
    
 $ 
 368,687 
    
    
 $ 
 118,927 
    
    
   
 32.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Property Operations —The increase in property operations expense consists primarily of an increase
of $26,236 related to acquisitions completed in 2015 and 2014. We acquired 171 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2015 and 51 stores during the year ended December 31, 2014.  
 Tenant Reinsurance —Tenant reinsurance expense represents the costs that are incurred to provide tenant reinsurance. The change is
due primarily to the increase in the number of stores we owned and/or managed. At December 31, 2015, we owned and/or managed 1,347 stores compared to 1,088 stores at December 31, 2014. In addition, there was an increase in overall customer
participation to approximately 72.8% at December 31, 2015 from approximately 70.7% at December 31, 2014.    Acquisition Related
Costs —These costs relate to acquisition activities during the periods indicated. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2015 when compared to the prior year was related primarily to the acquisition of SmartStop Self Storage Inc.
(“SmartStop”) on October 1, 2015. As part of this acquisition, we recorded an expense of $38,360 related to defeasance costs and prepayment penalties incurred related to the repayment of SmartStop’s existing debt as of the
acquisition date. We incurred $8,053 of professional fees/closing costs, $6,338 of severance-related costs, $1,327 of other payroll-related costs and $9,043 of other  
      35  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
acquisition related costs as a result of the acquisition of SmartStop for a total of $63,121. Additionally, we acquired 49 other properties during the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses primarily include all expenses not related to our stores, including
corporate payroll, travel and professional fees. The expenses are recognized as incurred. General and administrative expense increased over the prior year primarily as a result of the costs related to the management of additional stores. During the
year ended December 31, 2015, we acquired 171 stores, 161 of which we did not previously manage. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we acquired 51 stores, 30 of which we did not previously manage. We did not observe any material
trends specific to payroll, travel or other expense that contributed significantly to the increase in general and administrative expenses apart from the increase due to the management of additional stores.  
 Depreciation and Amortization —Depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the acquisition of new stores. We
acquired 171 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2015, and 51 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2014.  
 Other Income and Expenses    The following
table presents information on other revenues and expenses for the years indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
          2015          
   
   
          2014          
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 % Change 
   


 
   Other income and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions 
    
 $ 
 1,501 
    
   
 $ 
 (10,285 
 )  
   
 $ 
 11,786 
    
   
   
 (114.6 
 %)  
 
   Property casualty loss, net 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,724 
 )  
   
   
 1,724 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (95,682 
 )  
   
   
 (81,330 
 )  
   
   
 (14,352 
 )  
   
   
 17.6 
 %  
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 
    
   
 (3,310 
 )  
   
   
 (2,683 
 )  
   
   
 (627 
 )  
   
   
 23.4 
 %  
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3,461 
    
   
   
 1,607 
    
   
   
 1,854 
    
   
   
 115.4 
 %  
 
   Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 
    
   
 4,850 
    
   
   
 4,850 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
    
   
 12,351 
    
   
   
 10,541 
    
   
   
 1,810 
    
   
   
 17.2 
 %  
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture
partners’ interests 
    
   
 2,857 
    
   
   
 4,022 
    
   
   
 (1,165 
 )  
   
   
 (29.0 
 %)  
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 (11,148 
 )  
   
   
 (7,570 
 )  
   
   
 (3,578 
 )  
   
   
 47.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other expense, net 
    
 $ 
 (85,120 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (82,572 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,548 
 )  
   
   
 3.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Gain (Loss) on Sale of Real Estate and Earnout from Prior Acquisition— During 2011, we acquired a
store located in Florida. As part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired store exceeded a specified amount of net rental income for any twelve-month period prior to June 30, 2015. At the
acquisition date, $133 was recorded as the estimated amount that would be due, and we believed that it was unlikely that any significant additional payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. Because the rental growth of the stores
trended significantly higher than expected, we recorded additional liability of $2,500. This amount is included in gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2014. The $400 gain recorded during the year ended December 31, 2015 represents the adjustment needed to true up the existing liability to the amount owed to the sellers as of June 30, 2015.  
      36  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During the year ended December 31, 2015, we determined that one of our acquisitions was
purchased at below its market value, and we therefore recorded a $1,101 gain, which represents the excess of the fair value of the store acquired over the consideration paid.  
 During 2012, we acquired a portfolio of ten stores. As part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers
if the acquired stores exceeded a specified amount of net rental income two years after the acquisition date. At the acquisition date, we believed that it was unlikely that any significant payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision.
The rental growth of the stores was significantly higher than expected, resulting in a payment to the sellers of $7,785. This amount is included in gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions on our consolidated statements
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014.    Property Casualty Loss, Net —In October 2014, a store located in
Venice, California, was damaged by a fire. As a result, we recorded a loss, net of insurance recoveries, of $1,724.    Interest
Expense —Interest expense increased due to the increase in total amount of debt outstanding. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average interest rate. At December 31, 2015, our total face value of debt was
$3,598,254, compared to a total face value of debt of $2,379,657 at December 31, 2014. The average interest rate was 3.1% as of December 31, 2015, compared to 3.4% as of December 31, 2014.  
 Non-cash  Interest Expense Related to Amortization of Discount on Equity Component of Exchangeable
Senior Notes —Represents the amortization of the discount related to the equity component of the exchangeable senior notes issued by our Operating Partnership. In June 2013, our Operating Partnership issued $250,000 of its 2.375%
Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 (the “2013 Notes”). In September 2015, our Operating Partnership issued $575,000 of its 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2035 (the “2015 Notes”), and repurchased $164,636 principal amount of
the 2013 Notes. Both the 2013 Notes and the 2015 Notes have effective interest rates of 4.0%.    Interest Income —Interest income
represents amounts earned on cash and cash equivalents deposited with financial institutions and interest earned on notes receivable. The increase relates primarily to the increase in the average balance of notes receivable when compared to the
prior year and an increase in our average cash balance. As part of the SmartStop acquisition on October 1, 2015, we issued an $84,331 note receivable that accrues interest at 7.0% annually. We recorded approximately $1,476 of interest income
related to this note receivable during the year ended December 31, 2015.    Interest Income on Note Receivable from Preferred
Operating Partnership Unit Holder —Represents interest on a $100,000 loan to the holder of the Operating Partnership’s Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units (the “Series A Units”).  
 Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures —Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures represents the
income earned through our ownership interests in unconsolidated joint ventures. The increase in equity in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2015 was due primarily to increases in revenue at the stores owned by the joint ventures.  
 Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures—Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets and Purchase of Joint Venture
Partners’ Interests — During March 2015, one of our joint ventures sold a store located in New York to a third party and recognized a gain of $60,495. We recognized our 2.0% share of this gain, or $1,228. Additionally, in March 2015 we
acquired a joint venture partner’s 82.4% equity interest in an existing joint venture. We previously held the remaining 17.6% equity interest in this joint venture. Prior to the acquisition, we accounted for our equity interest in this joint
venture as an equity-method investment. We recognized a non-cash gain of $1,629 during the three months ended March 31, 2015 as a result of re-measuring the fair value of our equity interest in this joint venture held before the acquisition.
 
      37  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In December 2013 and May 2014, as part of a larger acquisition, we acquired our joint venture
partners’ 60% to 65% equity interests in six stores located in California. We previously held the remaining 35% to 40% interests in these stores through six separate joint ventures with affiliates of Grupe Properties Co. Inc.
(“Grupe”). Prior to the acquisition, we accounted for our interests in these joint ventures as equity-method investments. We recognized a non-cash gain of $3,438 during the year ended December 31, 2014, as a result of re-measuring the
fair value of our equity interest in one of these joint ventures held before the acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded an additional gain of $584 as a result of the final cash distributions received from the other
five joint ventures associated with the acquisitions that were completed during 2013.    Income Tax Expense —The increase in
income tax expense relates primarily to an increase in income earned by our Taxable REIT Subsidiary (“TRS”) when compared to the same periods in the prior year. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded the
initial tax benefit related to a royalty fee that we charge quarterly to our captive insurance subsidiary, which reduced the tax expense for that period.  
 Net Income Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests  
 The following table presents information on net income allocated to noncontrolling interests for the years indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
          2015          
   
   
          2014          
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 % Change 
   


 
   Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests 
    
 $ 
 (11,718 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (10,991 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (727 
 )  
   
   
 6.6 
 %  
 
   Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (8,344 
 )  
   
   
 (6,550 
 )  
   
   
 (1,794 
 )  
   
   
 27.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total income allocated to noncontrolling interests: 
    
 $ 
 (20,062 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (17,541 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,521 
 )  
   
   
 14.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Net Income Allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership Noncontrolling Interests —In December 2014,
as part of the acquisition of a single store, our Operating Partnership issued 548,390 Series D Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series D Units”). The Series D Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit, and receive distributions at an
annual rate of 5.0%.    In December 2013 and May 2014, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 704,016
Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series C Units”). The Series C Units have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit. From issuance until the fifth anniversary of issuance, the Series C Units receive
distributions at an annual rate of $0.18 plus the  then-payable  quarterly distribution per OP Unit.  
 In April 2014, as part of a single store acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 333,360 Series B Redeemable Preferred Units
(“Series B Units”). During August and September 2013, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 1,342,727 Series B Units. The Series B Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit and receive
distributions at an annual rate of 6.0%.    Income allocated to the Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests for the year
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 represents the fixed distributions paid to the holders of the Series A Units, Series B Units, Series C Units and Series D Units, plus approximately 0.7% of the remaining net income allocated to
the holders of the Series A Units.    Net Income Allocated to Operating Partnership and Other Noncontrolling Interests —Income
allocated to the Operating Partnership represents approximately 4.2% and 3.5% of net income after the allocation of the fixed distribution paid to the Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. The percentage of net income allocated to the Operating Partnership noncontrolling interest increased due to OP Units issued in conjunction with acquisitions during 2015.  
      38  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2014 to the Year Ended December 31, 2013  
 Overview    Results for the year ended
December 31, 2014, included the operations of 828 stores (576 of which were consolidated and 252 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method) compared to the results for the year ended December 31, 2013, which
included the operations of 779 stores (525 of which were consolidated and 254 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method).  
 Revenues    The following table presents
information on revenues earned for the years indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
          2014          
   
    
          2013          
   
    
 $ Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Revenues: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Property rental 
    
 $ 
 559,868 
    
    
 $ 
 446,682 
    
    
 $ 
 113,186 
    
    
   
 25.3 
 %  
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 59,072 
    
    
   
 47,317 
    
    
   
 11,755 
    
    
   
 24.8 
 %  
 
   Management fees and other income 
    
   
 28,215 
    
    
   
 26,614 
    
    
   
 1,601 
    
    
   
 6.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 647,155 
    
    
 $ 
 520,613 
    
    
 $ 
 126,542 
    
    
   
 24.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Property Rental —The change in property rental revenues consists primarily of an increase of
$83,651 associated with acquisitions completed in 2014 and 2013. We acquired 51 operating stores during 2014 and 78 operating stores during 2013. In addition, revenues increased by $29,531 as a result of increases in occupancy and rental rates to
existing customers at our stabilized stores. We have seen no significant increase in overall customer renewal rates and our average length of stay is approximately 12.9 months. For existing customers we generally seek to increase rental rates
approximately 7% to 10% at least annually. Occupancy at our stabilized stores increased to 91.0% at December 31, 2014, as compared to 88.4% at December 31, 2013. Rental rates to new tenants increased by approximately 3.9% over the same
period in the prior year.    Tenant Reinsurance —The increase in tenant reinsurance revenues was partially due to the increase in
overall customer participation to approximately 70.7% at December 31, 2014, compared to approximately 68.7% at December 31, 2013. In addition, we operated 1,088 stores at December 31, 2014, compared to 1,029 stores at
December 31, 2013.    Management Fees and Other Income —Our taxable REIT subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc.,
manages stores owned by our joint ventures and third parties. Management fees generally represent 6.0% of cash collected from stores owned by third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. We also earn an asset management fee from the Storage
Portfolio I (“SPI”) joint venture, equal to 0.50% multiplied by the total asset value, provided certain conditions are met. The increase in management fees is due to increased revenues at the managed stores.  
 Expenses    The following table presents
information on expenses for the years indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
          2014          
   
    
          2013          
   
    
 $ Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Expenses: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Property operations 
    
 $ 
 172,416 
    
    
 $ 
 140,012 
    
    
 $ 
 32,404 
    
    
   
 23.1 
 %  
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 10,427 
    
    
   
 9,022 
    
    
   
 1,405 
    
    
   
 15.6 
 %  
 
   Acquisition related costs 
    
   
 9,826 
    
    
   
 8,618 
    
    
   
 1,208 
    
    
   
 14.0 
 %  
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 60,942 
    
    
   
 54,246 
    
    
   
 6,696 
    
    
   
 12.3 
 %  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 115,076 
    
    
   
 95,232 
    
    
   
 19,844 
    
    
   
 20.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
 $ 
 368,687 
    
    
 $ 
 307,130 
    
    
 $ 
 61,557 
    
    
   
 20.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      39  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Property Operations —The increase in property operations expense consists primarily of
an increase of $30,036 related to acquisitions completed in 2014 and 2013. We acquired 51 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2014 and 78 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
 Tenant Reinsurance —Tenant reinsurance expense represents the costs that are incurred to provide tenant reinsurance. The change is
due primarily to the increase in the number of stores we owned and/or managed. At December 31, 2014, we owned and/or managed 1,088 stores compared to 1,029 stores at December 31, 2013. In addition, there was an increase in overall customer
participation to approximately 70.7% at December 31, 2014 from approximately 68.7% at December 31, 2013.    Acquisition Related
Costs —These costs relate to acquisition activities during the periods indicated. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2014 when compared to the prior year was related primarily to the expense of $3,550 of defeasance costs paid
in an acquisition in December 2014. This increase was offset by a decrease in the number of stores acquired. We acquired 51 operating stores during 2014, compared to 78 operating stores acquired during 2013.  
 General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses primarily include all expenses not related to our stores, including
corporate payroll, travel and professional fees. The expenses are recognized as incurred. General and administrative expense increased over the prior year primarily as a result of the costs related to the management of additional stores. During the
year ended December 31, 2014, we acquired 52 stores, 30 of which we did not previously manage. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we acquired 78 stores, 47 of which we did not previously manage. We did not observe any material trends
specific to payroll, travel or other expense that contributed significantly to the increase in general and administrative expenses apart from the increase due to the management of additional stores.  
 Depreciation and Amortization —Depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the acquisition of new stores. We
acquired 51 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2014, and 78 stores during the year ended December 31, 2013.    Other Income
and Expenses    The following table presents information on other revenues and expenses for the years indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
         2014         
   
   
         2013         
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 % Change 
   


 
   Other income and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions 
    
 $ 
 (10,285 
 )  
   
 $ 
 960 
    
   
 $ 
 (11,245 
 )  
   
   
 (1,171.4 
 %)  
 
   Property casualty loss, net 
    
   
 (1,724 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,724 
 )  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,153 
 )  
   
   
 9,153 
    
   
   
 (100.0 
 %)  
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (81,330 
 )  
   
   
 (71,630 
 )  
   
   
 (9,700 
 )  
   
   
 13.5 
 %  
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 
    
   
 (2,683 
 )  
   
   
 (1,404 
 )  
   
   
 (1,279 
 )  
   
   
 91.1 
 %  
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 1,607 
    
   
   
 749 
    
   
   
 858 
    
   
   
 114.6 
 %  
 
   Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 
    
   
 4,850 
    
   
   
 4,850 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
    
   
 10,541 
    
   
   
 11,653 
    
   
   
 (1,112 
 )  
   
   
 (9.5 
 %)  
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture
partners’ interests 
    
   
 4,022 
    
   
   
 46,032 
    
   
   
 (42,010 
 )  
   
   
 (91.3 
 %)  
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 (7,570 
 )  
   
   
 (9,984 
 )  
   
   
 2,414 
    
   
   
 (24.2 
 %)  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other expense, net 
    
 $ 
 (82,572 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (27,927 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (54,645 
 )  
   
   
 195.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      40  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Gain (Loss) on Sale of Real Estate and Earnout from Prior Acquisitions —During 2011,
we acquired a store located in Florida. As part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired store exceeded a specified amount of net rental income for any twelve-month period prior to
June 30, 2015. At the acquisition date, $133 was recorded as the estimated amount that would be due, and we believed that it was unlikely that any significant additional payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. Because the
rental growth of the store was trending significantly higher than expected, we estimated that an additional earnout payment of $2,500 would be due to the seller. This amount is included in gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior
acquisitions on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014.    During 2012, we acquired a portfolio
of ten stores. As part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired stores exceeded a specified amount of net rental income two years after the acquisition date. At the acquisition date, we
believed that it was unlikely that any significant payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. The rental growth of the stores was significantly higher than expected, resulting in a payment to the sellers of $7,785. This amount is
included in gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014.  
 The gain on sale of real estate assets recorded for the year ended December 31, 2013 was related to two transactions: (1) we
recorded a gain of $800 as a result of the condemnation of a portion of land in California that resulted from eminent domain, and (2) we recorded a gain of $160 as a result of the sale of one store in Florida for $3,250 in cash.  
 Property Casualty Loss, Net —In October 2014, a store located in Venice, California, was damaged by a fire. As a result, we
recorded a loss, net of insurance recoveries, of $1,724.    Loss on Extinguishment of Debt Related to Portfolio Acquisition —The
loss on extinguishment of debt occurred as part of a loan assumption and immediate defeasance upon closing of a portfolio acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
 Interest Expense —Interest expense increased due to the increase in total amount of debt outstanding. This increase was partially
offset by a decrease in the average interest rate. At December 31, 2014, our total face value of debt was $2,379,657 compared to total face value of debt of $1,958,586 at December 31, 2013. The average interest rate was 3.4% as of
December 31, 2014, compared to 3.8% as of December 31, 2013.    Non-cash  Interest
Expense Related to Amortization of Discount on Equity Component of Exchangeable Senior Notes —Represents the amortization of the discount related to the equity component of the exchangeable senior notes issued by our Operating Partnership,
which reflects the 4.0% effective interest rate relative to the carrying amount of the liability. In June 2013, our Operating Partnership issued $250,000 of its 2013 Notes.  
 Interest Income —Interest income represents amounts earned on cash and cash equivalents deposited with financial institutions and
interest earned on notes receivable. The increase relates primarily to the increase in the average balance of notes receivable when compared to the prior year.  
 Interest Income on Note Receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership Unit Holder —Represents interest on a $100,000 loan to the
holder of the Operating Partnership’s Series A Units.    Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate
Ventures —Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures represents the income earned through our ownership interests in unconsolidated joint ventures. The decrease was due to the acquisition of our joint venture partners’
interests in several joint ventures during 2013. There were 252 operating stores owned by unconsolidated real estate ventures as of December 31, 2014, compared to 254 stores as of December 31, 2013, and 280 as of December 31, 2012.
 
      41  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures—Gain on Sale of Real Estate
Assets and Purchase of Joint Venture Partners’ Interests —In December 2013 and May 2014, as part of a larger acquisition, we acquired our joint venture partners’ 60% to 65% equity interests in six stores located in California. We
previously held the remaining 35% to 40% interests in these stores through six separate joint ventures with affiliates of Grupe. Prior to the acquisition, we accounted for our interests in these joint ventures as equity-method investments. We
recognized a non-cash gain of $3,438 during the year ended December 31, 2014, as a result of re-measuring the fair value of our equity interest in one of these joint ventures held before the acquisition. During the year ended December 31,
2014, we recorded an additional gain of $584 as a result of the final cash distributions received from the other five joint ventures associated with the acquisitions that were completed during 2013. We recognized non-cash gains of $9,339 during the
year ended December 31, 2013, which represented the increase in the fair values of our prior interests in the Grupe joint ventures from their formations to the acquisition dates.  
 On November 1, 2013, we acquired an additional 49% equity interest from our joint venture partners, which retained a 1% interest in the  HSRE-ESP  IA, LLC joint venture (“HSRE”) that owns 19 stores. This transaction resulted in a  non-cash  gain of $34,136, which represents the increase in the fair
value of our 50% interest in HSRE from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.    In February 2013, we acquired our
partners’ equity interests in two joint ventures that each held one store. As a result of the acquisitions, we recognized  non-cash  gains of $2,556, which represents the increase in the fair values of our
prior interests in the joint ventures from their formations to the acquisition dates.    Income Tax Expense — The decrease in
income tax expense relates primarily to a royalty charged to the insurance captive by the Operating Partnership for access to and use of customer lists and intellectual property. The effect of this change lowered the taxable income of the TRS.  
 Net Income Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests  
 The following table presents information on net income allocated to noncontrolling interests for the years indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
          2014          
   
   
          2013          
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 % Change 
   


 
   Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests 
    
 $ 
 (10,991 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (8,006 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,985 
 )  
   
   
 37.3 
 %  
 
   Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (6,550 
 )  
   
   
 (5,474 
 )  
   
   
 (1,076 
 )  
   
   
 19.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total income allocated to noncontrolling interests: 
    
 $ 
 (17,541 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (13,480 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4,061 
 )  
   
   
 30.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Net Income Allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership Noncontrolling Interests —In December 2014,
as part of the acquisition of a single store, our Operating Partnership issued 548,390 Series D Units. The Series D Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit, and receive distributions at an annual rate of 5.0%.  
 In December 2013 and May 2014, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 704,016 Series C Convertible
Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series C Units”). The Series C Units have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit. From issuance until the fifth anniversary of issuance, the Series C Units receive distributions at an annual rate
of $0.18 plus the  then-payable  quarterly distribution per common OP Unit.    In April 2014, as part
of a single store acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 333,360 Series B Units. During August and September 2013, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 1,342,727 Series B Units. The Series B Units
have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit and receive distributions at an annual rate of 6.0%.  
      42  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Income allocated to the Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests for the year
ended December 31, 2014 represents the fixed distributions paid to the holders of the Series A Units, Series B Units, Series C Units and Series D Units, plus approximately 0.7% of the remaining net income allocated to the holders
of the Series A Units.    Net Income Allocated to Operating Partnership and Other Noncontrolling Interests —Income allocated to
the Operating Partnership represents approximately 3.5% and 3.6% of net income after the allocation of the fixed distribution paid to the Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
   FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS    FFO provides
relevant and meaningful information about our operating performance that is necessary, along with net income and cash flows, for an understanding of our operating results. We believe FFO is a meaningful disclosure as a supplement to net earnings.
Net earnings assume that the values of real estate assets diminish predictably over time as reflected through depreciation and amortization expenses. The values of real estate assets fluctuate due to market conditions and we believe FFO more
accurately reflects the value of our real estate assets. FFO is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. (“NAREIT”) as net income computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (“GAAP”), excluding gains or losses on sales of operating stores and impairment  write-downs  of depreciable real estate assets, plus depreciation and amortization and after adjustments to
record unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures on the same basis. We believe that to further understand our performance, FFO should be considered along with the reported net income and cash flows in accordance with GAAP, as presented in the
consolidated financial statements.    The computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies
that do not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or that interpret the current NAREIT definition differently. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP, and should
not be considered as an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to net cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity, or as an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions.  
 The following table presents the calculation of FFO for the periods indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 189,474 
    
   
 $ 
 178,355 
    
   
 $ 
 172,076 
    
 
   Adjustments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Real estate depreciation 
    
   
 115,924 
    
   
   
 96,819 
    
   
   
 78,943 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 11,094 
    
   
   
 12,394 
    
   
   
 11,463 
    
 
   (Gain) loss on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions 
    
   
 (1,501 
 )  
   
   
 10,285 
    
   
   
 (960 
 )  
 
   Unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 4,233 
    
   
   
 4,395 
    
   
   
 5,676 
    
 
   Unconsolidated joint venture gain on sale of real estate and purchase of partners’ interests 
    
   
 (2,857 
 )  
   
   
 (4,022 
 )  
   
   
 (46,032 
 )  
 
   Distributions paid on Series A Preferred Operating Partnership units 
    
   
 (5,088 
 )  
   
   
 (5,750 
 )  
   
   
 (5,750 
 )  
 
   Income allocated to Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 20,064 
    
   
   
 17,530 
    
   
   
 13,431 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 331,343 
    
   
 $ 
 310,006 
    
   
 $ 
 228,847 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   SAME-STORE  RESULTS  
 We consider our  same-store  portfolio to consist of only those stores which were  wholly-owned  at the beginning and at the end of the applicable periods presented that had achieved stabilization as of the first day of  
      43  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
such period. The following tables present operating data for our  same-store  portfolio. We consider the following
 same-store  presentation to be meaningful in regards to the stores shown below because these results provide information relating to store level operating changes without the effects of acquisitions or
completed developments.    Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2015 to the Year Ended December 31, 2014  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Three Months Ended December 31, 
   
   
 Percent Change 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 Percent Change 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   


 
   Same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
    
 $ 
 151,761 
    
   
 $ 
 138,471 
    
   
   
 9.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 590,979 
    
   
 $ 
 540,664 
    
   
   
 9.3 
 %  
 
   Same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
    
   
 41,702 
    
   
   
 39,802 
    
   
   
 4.8 
 %  
   
   
 166,166 
    
   
   
 161,135 
    
   
   
 3.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Same-store net operating income 
    
 $ 
 110,059 
    
   
 $ 
 98,669 
    
   
   
 11.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 424,813 
    
   
 $ 
 379,529 
    
   
   
 11.9 
 %  
 
   Non same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
    
 $ 
 63,806 
    
   
 $ 
 21,665 
    
   
   
 194.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 157,130 
    
   
 $ 
 78,276 
    
   
   
 100.7 
 %  
 
   Non same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
    
 $ 
 21,146 
    
   
 $ 
 5,838 
    
   
   
 262.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 50,832 
    
   
 $ 
 21,708 
    
   
   
 134.2 
 %  
 
   Total rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
    
 $ 
 215,567 
    
   
 $ 
 160,136 
    
   
   
 34.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 748,109 
    
   
 $ 
 618,940 
    
   
   
 20.9 
 %  
 
   Total operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
    
 $ 
 62,848 
    
   
 $ 
 45,640 
    
   
   
 37.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 216,998 
    
   
 $ 
 182,843 
    
   
   
 18.7 
 %  
 
   Same-store square foot occupancy as of quarter end 
    
   
 92.9 
 %  
   
   
 91.4 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 92.9 
 %  
   
   
 91.4 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Properties included in same-store 
    
   
 503 
    
   
   
 503 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 503 
    
   
   
 503 
    
   
 
 
 
   The increases in  same-store  rental and tenant reinsurance revenues for
the three months and year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to the same periods ended December 31, 2014, were due primarily to an increase in occupancy, an increase in rental rates to new and existing customers, and reduced customer
discounts. Expenses were higher for the year ended December 31, 2015 due to increases in tenant reinsurance expense, credit card merchant fees and property taxes. Increases were offset by decreases in utility expenses and property insurance
expense.    Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2014 to the Year Ended December 31, 2013  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Three Months Ended December 31, 
   
   
 Percent Change 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 Percent Change 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   


 
   Same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
    
 $ 
 121,819 
    
   
 $ 
 113,546 
    
   
   
 7.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 477,884 
    
   
 $ 
 444,353 
    
   
   
 7.5 
 %  
 
   Same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
    
   
 34,669 
    
   
   
 33,942 
    
   
   
 2.1 
 %  
   
   
 139,835 
    
   
   
 135,547 
    
   
   
 3.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Same-store net operating income 
    
 $ 
 87,150 
    
   
 $ 
 79,604 
    
   
   
 9.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 338,049 
    
   
 $ 
 308,806 
    
   
   
 9.5 
 %  
 
   Non same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
    
 $ 
 38,317 
    
   
 $ 
 21,684 
    
   
   
 76.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 141,056 
    
   
 $ 
 49,646 
    
   
   
 184.1 
 %  
 
   Non same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
    
 $ 
 10,971 
    
   
 $ 
 5,832 
    
   
   
 88.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 43,008 
    
   
 $ 
 13,487 
    
   
   
 218.9 
 %  
 
   Total rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
    
 $ 
 160,136 
    
   
 $ 
 135,230 
    
   
   
 18.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 618,940 
    
   
 $ 
 493,999 
    
   
   
 25.3 
 %  
 
   Total operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
    
 $ 
 45,640 
    
   
 $ 
 39,774 
    
   
   
 14.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 182,843 
    
   
 $ 
 149,034 
    
   
   
 22.7 
 %  
 
   Same-store square foot occupancy as of quarter end 
    
   
 91.4 
 %  
   
   
 89.5 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 91.4 
 %  
   
   
 89.5 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Properties included in same-store 
    
   
 442 
    
   
   
 442 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 442 
    
   
   
 442 
    
   
 
 
 
 
      44  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The increases in  same-store  rental and tenant reinsurance
revenues for the three months and year ended December 31, 2014, as compared to the same periods ended December 31, 2013, were due primarily to an increase in occupancy, a decrease in discounts to new customers, and an average increase of
4.0% to 5.0% in incoming rates to new tenants. Expenses were higher for the year ended December 31, 2014 due to increases in office expense, property taxes and repairs and maintenance. These expenses were partially offset by a decrease in
property insurance in the three months and year ended December 31, 2014.    CASH FLOWS  
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2015 to the Year Ended December 31, 2014  
 Cash provided by operating activities was $367,329 and $337,581 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The change
when compared to the prior year was primarily due to a $13,640 increase in net income and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of $18,381. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the change in accounts payable and
accrued liabilities of $4,812.    Cash used in investing activities was $1,625,664 and $564,948 for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively. The change was primarily the result of an increase of $1,200,853 paid for the acquisition of SmartStop in October 2015. There was also an increase of $55,073 in cash used to purchase/issue notes receivable. These increases in
cash outflows were partially offset by an increase of $45,080 in cash received as returns of investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures.  
 Cash provided by financing activities was $1,286,471 and $148,307 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The net
increase was due to a number of factors, including an increase of $1,204,138 in the cash proceeds received from the issuance of notes payable and lines of credit, an increase of $446,877 in the cash proceeds received from the sale of common stock,
and an increase of $563,500 in the net proceeds from the issuance of exchangeable senior notes. These increases in cash inflows were offset by an increase of $780,442 of cash paid for principal payments on notes payable and lines of credit, an
increase of $227,212 in cash paid to repurchase existing exchangeable senior notes, and an increase of $59,211 in cash paid as dividends on our common stock.  
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2014 to the Year Ended December 31, 2013  
 Cash provided by operating activities was $337,581 and $271,259 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The change
when compared to the prior year was primarily due to a decrease of $42,594 in non-cash gains related to purchases of joint venture partners’ interests. There was also a $10,340 increase in net income and an increase in depreciation and
amortization of $19,844. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition of $9,153.  
 Cash used in investing activities was $564,948 and $366,976 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The change was
primarily the result of an increase of $153,579 in the amount of cash used to acquire new stores in 2014 when compared to 2013. There was also an increase of $24,258 in cash used to purchase/issue notes receivable, and an increase of $17,062 in cash
used in the development and redevelopment of real estate assets.    Cash provided by financing activities was $148,307 and $191,655 for the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The net decrease was due to a number of factors, including a decrease of $205,988 in the cash proceeds received from the sale of common stock, a decrease of $246,250 in the proceeds from
issuance of exchangeable senior notes, and an increase of $47,077 in cash paid as dividends on common stock. These decreases were offset by an increase of $335,479 in the proceeds from notes payable and lines of credit, and a decrease of $131,244 in
principal payments on notes payable and lines of credit.  
      45  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  
 As of December 31, 2015, we had $75,799 available in cash and cash equivalents. We intend to use this cash for acquisitions, to repay debt
scheduled to mature in 2015 and for general corporate purposes. We are required to distribute at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders on an annual basis to maintain our qualification as a REIT.  
 Our cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts managed by third party financial institutions and consist of invested cash and cash in our
operating accounts. During 2015, we experienced no loss or lack of access to our cash or cash equivalents; however, there can be no assurance that access to our cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial
markets.    The following table presents information on our lines of credit for the period presented. All of our lines of credit are
guaranteed by us and secured by mortgages on certain real estate assets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2015 
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
   
   
    
 Interest 
   
   
 Origination 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Line of Credit 
    
 Drawn 
   
    
 Capacity 
   
    
 Rate 
   
   
 Date 
   
    
 Maturity 
   
    
 Basis Rate (1) 
   
   
 Notes 
   


 
   Credit Line 1 
    
 $ 
 36,000 
    
    
 $ 
 180,000 
    
    
   
 2.1 
 %  
   
   
 6/4/2010 
    
    
   
 6/30/2018 
    
    
   
 LIBOR plus 1.7 
 %  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Credit Line 2 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 2.2 
 %  
   
   
 11/16/2010 
    
    
   
 2/13/2017 
    
    
   
 LIBOR plus 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Credit Line 3 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 80,000 
    
    
   
 2.1 
 %  
   
   
 4/29/2011 
    
    
   
 11/18/2016 
    
    
   
 LIBOR plus 1.7 
 %  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Credit Line 4 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 2.1 
 %  
   
   
 9/29/2014 
    
    
   
 9/29/2017 
    
    
   
 LIBOR plus 1.7 
 %  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 36,000 
    
    
 $ 
 360,000 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 30-day USD LIBOR  
 
 
 (2) 
 One two-year extension available  
 
 
 (3) 
 Two one-year extensions available    As of December 31, 2015, we had $3,598,254 face value
of debt, resulting in a debt to total capitalization ratio of 23.2%. As of December 31, 2015, the ratio of total fixed rate debt and other instruments to total debt was 68.6% (including $1,527,386 on which we have interest rate swaps that have
been included as  fixed-rate  debt). The weighted average interest rate of the total of fixed and variable rate debt at December 31, 2015 was 3.1%. Certain of our real estate assets are pledged as
collateral for our debt. We are subject to certain restrictive covenants relating to our outstanding debt. We were in compliance with all financial covenants at December 31, 2015.  
 We expect to fund our  short-term  liquidity requirements, including operating expenses, recurring
capital expenditures, dividends to stockholders, distributions to holders of OP Units and interest on our outstanding indebtedness out of our operating cash flow, cash on hand and borrowings under our Credit Lines. In addition, we are pursuing
additional term loans secured by unencumbered stores.    Our liquidity needs consist primarily of cash distributions to stockholders, store
acquisitions, principal payments under our borrowings and  non-recurring  capital expenditures. We may from time to time seek to repurchase our outstanding debt, shares of common stock or other securities in
open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. In addition, we evaluate, on an
ongoing basis, the merits of strategic acquisitions and other relationships, which may require us to raise additional funds. We do not expect that our operating cash flow will be sufficient to fund our liquidity needs and instead expect to fund such
needs out of additional borrowings of secured or unsecured indebtedness, joint ventures with third parties, and from the proceeds of public and private offerings of equity and debt. Additional capital may not be available on terms favorable to us or
at all. Any additional issuance of equity or  equity-linked  securities may result in dilution to our stockholders. In addition, any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and
 
      46  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
privileges senior to holders of our common stock. We may also use OP Units as currency to fund acquisitions from  self-storage  owners who desire  tax-deferral  in their exiting transactions.    OFF-BALANCE  SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
   Except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, we do not currently have any relationships with unconsolidated entities
or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purposes entities, which typically are established for the purpose of facilitating  off-balance  sheet arrangements
or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities nor do we have any commitments or intent to provide funding
to any such entities. Accordingly, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships.  
 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS    The following
table presents information on future payments due by period as of December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments due by Period: 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Less Than 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 After 
   
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 1 Year 
   
    
 1-3 Years 
   
    
 3-5 Years 
   
    
 5 Years 
   


 
   Operating leases 
    
 $ 
 79,926 
    
    
 $ 
 5,655 
    
    
 $ 
 7,805 
    
    
 $ 
 5,669 
    
    
 $ 
 60,797 
    
 
   Notes payable, notes payable to trusts and lines of credit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
    
   
 512,602 
    
    
   
 108,366 
    
    
   
 180,022 
    
    
   
 120,023 
    
    
   
 104,191 
    
 
   Principal 
    
   
 3,598,254 
    
    
   
 167,477 
    
    
   
 956,056 
    
    
   
 1,885,685 
    
    
   
 589,036 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total contractual obligations 
    
 $ 
 4,190,782 
    
    
 $ 
 281,498 
    
    
 $ 
 1,143,883 
    
    
 $ 
 2,011,377 
    
    
 $ 
 754,024 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The operating leases above include minimum future lease payments on leases for 19 of our operating stores as
well as leases of our corporate offices. Two ground leases include additional contingent rental payments based on the level of revenue achieved at the store.  
 As of December 31, 2015, the weighted average interest rate for all fixed rate loans was 3.6%, and the weighted average interest rate on
all variable rate loans was 2.1%.    FINANCING STRATEGY  
 We will continue to employ leverage in our capital structure in amounts reviewed from time to time by our board of directors. Although our
board of directors has not adopted a policy which limits the total amount of indebtedness that we may incur, we will consider a number of factors in evaluating our level of indebtedness from time to time, as well as the amount of such indebtedness
that will be either fixed or variable rate. In making financing decisions, we will consider factors including but not limited to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the interest rate of the proposed financing;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the extent to which the financing impacts flexibility in managing our stores;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 prepayment penalties and restrictions on refinancing;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the purchase price of stores acquired with debt financing;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 long-term  objectives with respect to the financing;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 target investment returns;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the ability of particular stores, and our Company as a whole, to generate cash flow sufficient to cover expected debt service payments;  
      47  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
 overall level of consolidated indebtedness;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 timing of debt and lease maturities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 provisions that require recourse and  cross-collateralization;       
 
 
   
 • 
   
 corporate credit ratios including debt service coverage, debt to total capitalization and debt to undepreciated assets; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the overall ratio of fixed and variable rate debt.    Our indebtedness may be recourse,  non-recourse  or  cross-collateralized.  If the indebtedness is  non-recourse,  the collateral will be limited to the particular stores to
which the indebtedness relates. In addition, we may invest in stores subject to existing loans collateralized by mortgages or similar liens on our stores, or may refinance stores acquired on a leveraged basis. We may use the proceeds from any
borrowings to refinance existing indebtedness, to refinance investments, including the redevelopment of existing stores, for general working capital or to purchase additional interests in partnerships or joint ventures or for other purposes when we
believe it is advisable.    We may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt, as well as shares of common stock or
other securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts
involved may be material.    SEASONALITY  
 The  self-storage  business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A greater portion of revenues and
profits are realized from May through September. Historically, our highest level of occupancy has been at the end of July, while our lowest level of occupancy has been in late February and early March. Results for any quarter may not be indicative
of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.      
 
 
 Item 7a. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    Market Risk  
 Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Our future income, cash flows and fair values
of financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates.    Interest Rate Risk  
 Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic
and political considerations and other factors beyond our control.    As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately $3.6 billion in
total face value debt, of which approximately $1.1 billion was subject to variable interest rates (excluding debt with interest rate swaps). If LIBOR were to increase or decrease by 100 basis points, the increase or decrease in interest expense on
the variable rate debt (excluding variable rate debt with interest rate floors) would increase or decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $7.3 million annually.  
 Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These
analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty
of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure.  
      48  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC.  
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 AND SCHEDULES      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 50 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 
    
   
 51 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
    
   
 52 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 
2013 
    
   
 53 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 54 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
    
   
 57 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 58 
    
 
   Schedule III 
    
   
 99 
    
   All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or not present in amounts
sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.  
      49  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Extra Space Storage Inc. (“the Company”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule
listed in the index at Item 8. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
the Company at December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.  
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its reporting of debt issuance costs as a result of the adoption of
the amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification resulting from Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03, “Interest – Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.”  
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Extra Space Storage Inc.’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework”) and
our report dated February 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
 Salt Lake City, Utah    February 29, 2016  
      50  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
  (dollars in thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
   
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Real estate assets, net 
    
 $ 
 5,689,309 
    
   
 $ 
 4,135,696 
    
 
   Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
    
   
 103,007 
    
   
   
 85,711 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 75,799 
    
   
   
 47,663 
    
 
   Restricted cash 
    
   
 30,738 
    
   
   
 25,245 
    
 
   Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 2,205 
    
   
   
 11,778 
    
 
   Other assets, net 
    
   
 170,349 
    
   
   
 75,894 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 6,071,407 
    
   
 $ 
 4,381,987 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities, Noncontrolling Interests and Equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Notes payable, net 
    
 $ 
 2,758,567 
    
   
 $ 
 1,858,981 
    
 
   Exchangeable senior notes, net 
    
   
 623,863 
    
   
   
 235,724 
    
 
   Notes payable to trusts, net 
    
   
 117,191 
    
   
   
 117,059 
    
 
   Lines of credit 
    
   
 36,000 
    
   
   
 138,000 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
   
 82,693 
    
   
   
 65,521 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 80,489 
    
   
   
 54,719 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 3,698,803 
    
   
   
 2,470,004 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Noncontrolling Interests and Equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Extra Space Storage Inc. stockholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Common stock, $0.01 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 124,119,531 and 116,360,239 shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively 
    
   
 1,241 
    
   
   
 1,163 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 2,431,754 
    
   
   
 1,995,484 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (6,352 
 )  
   
   
 (1,484 
 )  
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
   
 (337,566 
 )  
   
   
 (257,738 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Extra Space Storage Inc. stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 2,089,077 
    
   
   
 1,737,425 
    
 
   Noncontrolling interest represented by Preferred Operating Partnership units, net of $120,230 notes receivable 
    
   
 80,531 
    
   
   
 81,152 
    
 
   Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 
    
   
 202,834 
    
   
   
 92,422 
    
 
   Other noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 162 
    
   
   
 984 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total noncontrolling interests and equity 
    
   
 2,372,604 
    
   
   
 1,911,983 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities, noncontrolling interests and equity 
    
 $ 
 6,071,407 
    
   
 $ 
 4,381,987 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      51  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  
  (dollars in thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Revenues: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property rental 
   
 $ 
 676,138 
    
   
 $ 
 559,868 
    
   
 $ 
 446,682 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 71,971 
    
   
   
 59,072 
    
   
   
 47,317 
    
 
   Management fees and other income 
   
   
 34,161 
    
   
   
 28,215 
    
   
   
 26,614 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
   
   
 782,270 
    
   
   
 647,155 
    
   
   
 520,613 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property operations 
   
   
 203,965 
    
   
   
 172,416 
    
   
   
 140,012 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 13,033 
    
   
   
 10,427 
    
   
   
 9,022 
    
 
   Acquisition related costs 
   
   
 69,401 
    
   
   
 9,826 
    
   
   
 8,618 
    
 
   General and administrative 
   
   
 67,758 
    
   
   
 60,942 
    
   
   
 54,246 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 133,457 
    
   
   
 115,076 
    
   
   
 95,232 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
   
   
 487,614 
    
   
   
 368,687 
    
   
   
 307,130 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 294,656 
    
   
   
 278,468 
    
   
   
 213,483 
    
 
   Gain (loss) on real estate transactions and earnout from prior acquisitions 
   
   
 1,501 
    
   
   
 (10,285 
 )  
   
   
 960 
    
 
   Property casualty loss, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,724 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,153 
 )  
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (95,682 
 )  
   
   
 (81,330 
 )  
   
   
 (71,630 
 )  
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 (3,310 
 )  
   
   
 (2,683 
 )  
   
   
 (1,404 
 )  
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 3,461 
    
   
   
 1,607 
    
   
   
 749 
    
 
   Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 
   
   
 4,850 
    
   
   
 4,850 
    
   
   
 4,850 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures and income tax expense 
   
   
 205,476 
    
   
   
 188,903 
    
   
   
 137,855 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 12,351 
    
   
   
 10,541 
    
   
   
 11,653 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture
partners’ interests 
   
   
 2,857 
    
   
   
 4,022 
    
   
   
 46,032 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 (11,148 
 )  
   
   
 (7,570 
 )  
   
   
 (9,984 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 209,536 
    
   
   
 195,896 
    
   
   
 185,556 
    
 
   Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (11,718 
 )  
   
   
 (10,991 
 )  
   
   
 (8,006 
 )  
 
   Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (8,344 
 )  
   
   
 (6,550 
 )  
   
   
 (5,474 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 189,474 
    
   
 $ 
 178,355 
    
   
 $ 
 172,076 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per common share 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 1.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.54 
    
   
 $ 
 1.54 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 1.56 
    
   
 $ 
 1.53 
    
   
 $ 
 1.53 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 119,816,743 
    
   
   
 115,713,807 
    
   
   
 111,349,361 
    
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 126,918,869 
    
   
   
 121,435,267 
    
   
   
 113,105,094 
    
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      52  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
  (amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 209,536 
    
   
 $ 
 195,896 
    
   
 $ 
 185,556 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Change in fair value of interest rate swaps 
    
   
 (4,929 
 )  
   
   
 (12,061 
 )  
   
   
 25,335 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive income 
    
   
 204,607 
    
   
   
 183,835 
    
   
   
 210,891 
    
 
   Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 20,001 
    
   
   
 17,120 
    
   
   
 14,386 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 184,606 
    
   
 $ 
 166,715 
    
   
 $ 
 196,505 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes  
      53  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity  
  (amounts in thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Noncontrolling Interests 
   
   
 Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Preferred Operating Partnership 
   
   
 Operating Partnership 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Captial 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
 Accumulated Deficit 
   
   
 Total Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
   
 
   
    
 Series A 
   
   
 Series B 
   
   
 Series C 
   
   
 Series D 
   
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Par Value 
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Balances at December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 29,918 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 22,492 
    
   
 $ 
 1,114 
    
   
   
 110,737,205 
    
   
 $ 
 1,107 
    
   
 $ 
 1,740,037 
    
   
 $ 
 (14,273 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (235,064 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,545,331 
    
 
   Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 391,543 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 5,892 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,896 
    
 
   Restricted stock grants issued 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 137,602 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Restricted stock grants cancelled 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,323 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,500,000 
    
   
   
 45 
    
   
   
 205,943 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 205,988 
    
 
   Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,819 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,819 
    
 
   Purchase of additional equity interests in existing consolidated joint ventures 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,008 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,481 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,489 
 )  
 
   Noncontrolling interest related to consolidated joint venture 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 870 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 870 
    
 
   Issuance of exchangeable senior notes—equity component 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 14,496 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 14,496 
    
 
   Issuance of Operating Partnership units in conjunction with store acquisitions 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 33,568 
    
   
   
 17,177 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 68,471 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 119,216 
    
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (260 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12,500 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 260 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for cash 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (41 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 7,255 
    
   
   
 673 
    
   
   
 78 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,425 
    
   
   
 49 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 172,076 
    
   
   
 185,556 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income 
    
   
 214 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 692 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 24,429 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,335 
    
 
   Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,193 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,193 
    
 
   Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (7,185 
 )  
   
   
 (673 
 )  
   
   
 (78 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,326 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (13,262 
 )  
 
   Distributions to other noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Dividends paid on common stock at $1.45 per share 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (163,014 
 )  
   
   
 (163,014 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 30,202 
    
   
 $ 
 33,568 
    
   
 $ 
 17,177 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 91,453 
    
   
 $ 
 1,025 
    
   
   
 115,755,527 
    
   
 $ 
 1,157 
    
   
 $ 
 1,973,159 
    
   
 $ 
 10,156 
    
   
 $ 
 (226,002 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,931,895 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      54  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 . 
    
 Noncontrolling Interests 
   
   
 Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Preferred Operating Partnership 
   
   
 Operating Partnership 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
 Accumulated Deficit 
   
   
 Total Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
   
 
   
    
 Series A 
   
   
 Series B 
   
   
 Series C 
   
   
 Series D 
   
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Par Value 
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 211,747 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 3,093 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,095 
    
 
   Restricted stock grants issued 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 117,370 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Restricted stock grants cancelled 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,595 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,984 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,984 
    
 
   Issuance of Operating Partnership units in conjunction with store acquisitions 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,334 
    
   
   
 13,783 
    
   
   
 13,710 
    
   
   
 2,982 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 38,809 
    
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock 
    
   
 (10,240 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (398 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 299,190 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 10,635 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for cash 
    
   
 (4,794 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,794 
 )  
 
   Issuance of note receivable to Series C unit holders 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (20,230 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (20,230 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 7,036 
    
   
   
 2,387 
    
   
   
 1,551 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 6,538 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 178,355 
    
   
   
 195,896 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (74 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (347 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,640 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (12,061 
 )  
 
   Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,613 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,613 
    
 
   Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (7,321 
 )  
   
   
 (2,386 
 )  
   
   
 (1,551 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (7,806 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (19,081 
 )  
 
   Distributions to other noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (53 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (53 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid on common stock at $1.81 per share 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (210,091 
 )  
   
   
 (210,091 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances at December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 14,809 
    
   
 $ 
 41,903 
    
   
 $ 
 10,730 
    
   
 $ 
 13,710 
    
   
 $ 
 92,422 
    
   
 $ 
 984 
    
   
   
 116,360,239 
    
   
 $ 
 1,163 
    
   
 $ 
 1,995,484 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,484 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (257,738 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,911,983 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes.  
      55  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity  
  (amounts in thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Noncontrolling Interests 
   
   
 Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Preferred Operating Partnership 
   
   
 Operating Partnership 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Par Value 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
 Accumulated Deficit 
   
   
 Total Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
   
 
   
    
 Series A 
   
   
 Series B 
   
   
 Series C 
   
   
 Series D 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 79,974 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1,541 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,542 
    
 
   Restricted stock grants issued 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 174,558 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Restricted stock grants cancelled 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (18,090 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,735,000 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
   
 446,810 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 446,877 
    
 
   Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,055 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,055 
    
 
   Purchase of remaining equity interest in existing consolidated joint venture 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (822 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (446 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,268 
 )  
 
   Issuance of Operating Partnership units in conjunction with acquisitions 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 142,399 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 142,399 
    
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (28,106 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 787,850 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 28,098 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Repurchase of equity portion of 2013 exchangeable senior notes 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (70,112 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (70,112 
 )  
 
   Issuance of 2015 exchangeable senior notes—equity component 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,597 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,597 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 6,445 
    
   
   
 2,514 
    
   
   
 2,074 
    
   
   
 685 
    
   
   
 8,344 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 189,474 
    
   
   
 209,536 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,868 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,929 
 )  
 
   Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,727 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,727 
    
 
   Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (7,050 
 )  
   
   
 (2,515 
 )  
   
   
 (2,074 
 )  
   
   
 (685 
 )  
   
   
 (12,179 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (24,503 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid on common stock at $2.24 per share 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (269,302 
 )  
   
   
 (269,302 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balances at December 31, 2015 
    
 $ 
 14,189 
    
   
 $ 
 41,902 
    
   
 $ 
 10,730 
    
   
 $ 
 13,710 
    
   
 $ 
 202,834 
    
   
 $ 
 162 
    
   
   
 124,119,531 
    
   
 $ 
 1,241 
    
   
 $ 
 2,431,754 
    
   
 $ 
 (6,352 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (337,566 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,372,604 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes.  
      56  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
  (amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 209,536 
    
   
 $ 
 195,896 
    
   
 $ 
 185,556 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 133,457 
    
   
   
 115,076 
    
   
   
 95,232 
    
 
   Amortization of deferred financing costs 
   
   
 7,779 
    
   
   
 6,592 
    
   
   
 5,997 
    
 
   Loss (gain) on real estate transactions and earnout from prior acquisitions 
   
   
 (1,501 
 )  
   
   
 2,500 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Property casualty loss 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,724 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,153 
    
 
   Gain on sale of real estate assets 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (960 
 )  
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 3,310 
    
   
   
 2,683 
    
   
   
 1,404 
    
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of premium on notes payable 
   
   
 (2,409 
 )  
   
   
 (3,079 
 )  
   
   
 (1,194 
 )  
 
   Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 
   
   
 6,055 
    
   
   
 4,984 
    
   
   
 4,819 
    
 
   Gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners’ interests 
   
   
 (2,857 
 )  
   
   
 (3,438 
 )  
   
   
 (46,032 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated real estate ventures in excess of earnings 
   
   
 4,531 
    
   
   
 4,510 
    
   
   
 4,838 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 (1,436 
 )  
   
   
 71 
    
   
   
 1,277 
    
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 (1,172 
 )  
   
   
 (1,498 
 )  
   
   
 8,725 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
   
 108 
    
   
   
 4,920 
    
   
   
 8,302 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 11,928 
    
   
   
 6,640 
    
   
   
 (5,858 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 367,329 
    
   
   
 337,581 
    
   
   
 271,259 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition of SmartStop, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 (1,200,853 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Acquisition of real estate assets 
   
   
 (349,897 
 )  
   
   
 (503,538 
 )  
   
   
 (349,959 
 )  
 
   Development and redevelopment of real estate assets 
   
   
 (26,931 
 )  
   
   
 (23,528 
 )  
   
   
 (6,466 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of real estate assets 
   
   
 800 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,964 
    
 
   Change in restricted cash 
   
   
 1,282 
    
   
   
 (3,794 
 )  
   
   
 (4,475 
 )  
 
   Investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 (3,434 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,516 
 )  
 
   Return of investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 45,080 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase/issuance of notes receivable 
   
   
 (84,331 
 )  
   
   
 (29,258 
 )  
   
   
 (5,000 
 )  
 
   Purchase of equipment and fixtures 
   
   
 (7,380 
 )  
   
   
 (4,830 
 )  
   
   
 (6,524 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (1,625,664 
 )  
   
   
 (564,948 
 )  
   
   
 (366,976 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net of offering costs 
   
   
 446,877 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 205,988 
    
 
   Net proceeds from the issuance of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 563,500 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 246,250 
    
 
   Repurchase of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 (227,212 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Proceeds from notes payable and lines of credit 
   
   
 2,121,802 
    
   
   
 917,664 
    
   
   
 582,185 
    
 
   Principal payments on notes payable and lines of credit 
   
   
 (1,313,570 
 )  
   
   
 (533,128 
 )  
   
   
 (664,372 
 )  
 
   Deferred financing costs 
   
   
 (9,779 
 )  
   
   
 (5,305 
 )  
   
   
 (7,975 
 )  
 
   Net proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 1,542 
    
   
   
 3,095 
    
   
   
 5,896 
    
 
   Purchase of interest rate cap 
   
   
 (2,884 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,794 
 )  
   
   
 (41 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid on common stock 
   
   
 (269,302 
 )  
   
   
 (210,091 
 )  
   
   
 (163,014 
 )  
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (24,503) 
    
   
   
 (19,134) 
    
   
   
 (13,262) 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
   
   
 1,286,471 
    
   
   
 148,307 
    
   
   
 191,655 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 28,136 
    
   
   
 (79,060 
 )  
   
   
 95,938 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period 
   
   
 47,663 
    
   
   
 126,723 
    
   
   
 30,785 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period 
   
 $ 
 75,799 
    
   
 $ 
 47,663 
    
   
 $ 
 126,723 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental schedule of cash flow information 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest paid 
   
 $ 
 89,507 
    
   
 $ 
 75,218 
    
   
 $ 
 66,705 
    
 
   Income taxes paid 
   
   
 1,782 
    
   
   
 3,418 
    
   
   
 1,916 
    
 
   Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests for common stock: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 
   
 $ 
 (28,106 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,638 
    
   
 $ 
 260 
    
 
   Common stock and paid-in capital 
   
   
 28,106 
    
   
   
 (10,638 
 )  
   
   
 (260 
 )  
 
   Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and option exercises 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other assets 
   
 $ 
 1,727 
    
   
 $ 
 3,613 
    
   
 $ 
 3,193 
    
 
   Paid-in capital 
   
   
 (1,727 
 )  
   
   
 (3,613 
 )  
   
   
 (3,193 
 )  
 
   Acquisitions of real estate assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Real estate assets, net 
   
 $ 
 158,009 
    
   
 $ 
 77,158 
    
   
 $ 
 331,230 
    
 
   Notes payable assumed 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (38,347 
 )  
   
   
 (110,803 
 )  
 
   Notes payable assumed and immediately defeased 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (98,960 
 )  
 
   Value of Operating Partnership units issued 
   
   
 (142,399 
 )  
   
   
 (38,811 
 )  
   
   
 (119,216 
 )  
 
   Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 (15,610 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,251 
 )  
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      57  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 December 31, 2015  
 (amounts in thousands, except store and share data)      

 
 
 1. 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  
  Extra Space Storage Inc. (the “Company”) is a fully integrated, self-administered and  self-managed  real estate investment trust (“REIT”), formed as a Maryland Corporation on April 30, 2004, to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed self-storage
properties located throughout the United States. The Company continues the business of Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries, which had engaged in the  self-storage  business since 1977. The
Company’s interest in its stores is held through its operating partnership, Extra Space Storage LP (the “Operating Partnership”), which was formed on May 5, 2004. The Company’s primary assets are general partner and
limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Internal Revenue Code”). To the extent the Company continues to qualify as a REIT, it will not be subject to tax, with certain limited exceptions, on the taxable income that is distributed to its stockholders.  
 The Company invests in stores by acquiring  wholly-owned  stores or by acquiring an equity interest in
real estate entities. At December 31, 2015, the Company had direct and indirect equity interests in 999 storage facilities. In addition, the Company managed 348 stores for third parties bringing the total number of stores which it owns and/or
manages to 1,347. These stores are located in 36 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico.    The Company operates in three distinct
segments: (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and (3) property management, acquisition and development. The rental operations activities include rental operations of stores in which we have an ownership interest. No single
tenant accounts for more than 5.0% of rental income. Tenant reinsurance activities include the reinsurance of risks relating to the loss of goods stored by tenants in the Company’s stores. The Company’s property management, acquisition and
development activities include managing, acquiring, developing and selling stores.      

 
 
 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
  Basis of Presentation  
 The consolidated financial statements are presented on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (“GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly- or majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
 Variable Interest Entities    The Company
accounts for arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights as variable interest entities (“VIEs”). An enterprise is required to consolidate a VIE if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. A VIE is created when
(i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (ii) the entity’s equity holders as a group either:
(a) lack the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they
occur, or (c) do not have the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity if they occur. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE, the enterprise that is deemed to have a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that
provides the enterprise with a controlling financial interest in the VIE, is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE.  
      58  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company has concluded that under certain circumstances when the Company enters into
arrangements for the formation of joint ventures, a VIE may be created under condition (i), (ii) (b) or (c) of the previous paragraph. For each VIE created, the Company has performed a qualitative analysis, including considering
which party, if any, has the power to direct the activities most significant to the economic performance of each VIE and whether that party has the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be
significant to the VIE. If the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the assets, liabilities and operations of the VIE are consolidated with the Company’s financial statements. Additionally, the Operating Partnership
has notes payable to three trusts that are VIEs under condition (ii)(a) above. Since the Operating Partnership is not the primary beneficiary of the trusts, these VIEs are not consolidated.  
 The Company’s investments in real estate joint ventures, where the Company has significant influence, but not control, and joint ventures
which are VIEs in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  
 Use of Estimates    The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.    Fair Value
Disclosures    Derivative financial instruments  
 Currently, the Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely
accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based
inputs, including interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments and the discounted expected variable cash receipts. The variable
cash receipts are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate forward curves.  
 The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective
counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit
enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. In conjunction with the Financial Accounting Standard Board’s fair value measurement guidance, the Company made an accounting policy election to measure the
credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio.  
 Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of
December 31, 2015, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to
the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  
      59  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
recurring basis as of December 31, 2015, aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements fall.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   Description 
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
   
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   


 
   Other assets—Cash Flow Hedge Swap Agreements 
    
 $ 
 4,996 
    
   
 $ 
   —   
    
    
 $ 
 4,996 
    
   
 $ 
   —   
    
 
   Other liabilities—Cash Flow Hedge Swap Agreements 
    
 $ 
 (6,991 
 )  
   
 $ 
   —   
    
    
 $ 
 (6,991 
 )  
   
 $ 
   —   
    
   There were no transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended
December 31, 2015. The Company did not have any significant assets or liabilities that are  re-measured  on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs as of December 31, 2015 or 2014.  
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis  
 Long-lived assets held for use are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate there may be impairment. The Company reviews
each store at least annually to determine if any such events or circumstances have occurred or exist. The Company focuses on stores where occupancy and/or rental income have decreased by a significant amount. For these stores, the Company determines
whether the decrease is temporary or permanent, and whether the store will likely recover the lost occupancy and/or revenue in the short term. In addition, the Company reviews stores in the lease-up stage and compares actual operating results to
original projections.    When the Company determines that an event that may indicate impairment has occurred, the Company compares the
carrying value of the related long-lived assets to the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. An impairment loss is recorded if the net carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future net operating cash
flows attributable to the assets. The impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the assets.  
 When real estate assets are identified by management as held for sale, the Company discontinues depreciating the assets and estimates the fair
value of the assets, net of selling costs. If the estimated fair value, net of selling costs, of the assets that have been identified as held for sale is less than the net carrying value of the assets, the Company would recognize a loss on the
disposal group classified as held for sale. The operations of assets held for sale or sold during the period are presented as part of normal operations for all periods presented. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had seven stores
classified as held for sale. The estimated fair value less selling costs of each of these assets is greater than the carrying value of the assets, and therefore no loss has been recorded.  
 The Company assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company’s investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures
may be impaired annually and when events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. An investment is impaired if management’s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value. To the extent impairment
has occurred, and is considered to be other than temporary, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of the investment.  
 As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.  

      60  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, receivables, other financial instruments included in other assets, accounts
payable and accrued expenses,  variable-rate  notes payable, lines of credit and other liabilities reflected in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2015 and 2014, approximate fair value.  
 The fair values of the Company’s notes receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders and other fixed rate notes receivable
was based on the discounted estimated future cash flow of the notes (categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy); the discount rate used approximated the current market rate for loans with similar maturities and credit quality. The
fair values of the Company’s fixed rate notes payable and notes payable to trusts were estimated using the discounted estimated future cash payments to be made on such debt (categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy); the
discount rates used approximated current market rates for loans, or groups of loans, with similar maturities and credit quality. The fair value of the Company’s exchangeable senior notes was estimated using an average market price for similar
securities obtained from a third party.    The fair values of the Company’s fixed-rate assets and liabilities were as follows for the
periods indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Value 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Value 
   


 
   Notes receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders 
    
 $ 
 128,216 
    
    
 $ 
 120,230 
    
    
 $ 
 126,380 
    
    
 $ 
 120,230 
    
 
   Fixed rate notes receivable 
    
 $ 
 86,814 
    
    
 $ 
 84,331 
    
    
 $ 
   —   
    
    
 $ 
   —   
    
 
   Fixed rate notes payable and notes payable to trusts 
    
 $ 
 1,828,486 
    
    
 $ 
 1,806,904 
    
    
 $ 
 1,320,370 
    
    
 $ 
 1,283,893 
    
 
   Exchangeable senior notes 
    
 $ 
 770,523 
    
    
 $ 
 660,364 
    
    
 $ 
 276,095 
    
    
 $ 
 250,000 
    
   Real Estate Assets  
 Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Direct and allowable internal costs associated with the development,
construction, renovation, and improvement of real estate assets are capitalized. Interest, property taxes, and other costs associated with development incurred during the construction period are capitalized. The construction period begins when
expenditures for the real estate assets have been made and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use are in progress. The construction period ends when the asset is substantially complete and ready for its intended use.
   Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major replacements and betterments that improve or extend
the life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is computed using the  straight-line  method over the estimated useful lives of the buildings and
improvements, which are generally between five and 39 years.    In connection with the Company’s acquisition of stores, the
purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired based on their fair values, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, is
determined as if vacant. Intangible assets, which represent the value of existing tenant relationships, are recorded at their fair values based on the avoided cost to replace the current leases. The Company measures the value of tenant relationships
based on the rent lost due to the amount of time required to replace existing customers, which is based on the Company’s historical experience with turnover in its stores. Debt assumed as part of an acquisition is recorded at fair value based
on current interest rates compared to contractual rates. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred.  
      61  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Intangible lease rights represent: (1) purchase price amounts allocated to leases on three
stores that cannot be classified as ground or building leases; these rights are amortized to expense over the life of the leases and (2) intangibles related to ground leases on six stores where the leases were assumed by the Company at rates
that were lower than the current market rates for similar leases. The values associated with these assumed leases were recorded as intangibles, which will be amortized over the lease terms.  
 Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures  
 The Company’s investments in real estate joint ventures, where the Company has significant influence, but not control and joint ventures
which are VIEs in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  
 Under the equity method, the Company’s investment in real estate ventures is stated at cost and adjusted for the Company’s share of
net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions. Equity in earnings of real estate ventures is generally recognized based on the Company’s ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate ventures. For the
purposes of presentation in the statement of cash flows, the Company follows the “look through” approach for classification of distributions from joint ventures. Under this approach, distributions are reported under operating cash flow
unless the facts and circumstances of a specific distribution clearly indicate that it is a return of capital (e.g., a liquidating dividend or distribution of the proceeds from the joint venture’s sale of assets), in which case it is
reported as an investing activity.    Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 The Company’s cash is deposited with financial institutions located throughout the United States and at times may exceed federally insured
limits. The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments with a maturity date of three months or less to be cash equivalents.    Restricted Cash
   Restricted cash is comprised of letters of credit and escrowed funds deposited with financial institutions located throughout the
United States relating to earnest money deposits on potential acquisitions, real estate taxes, insurance and capital expenditures.    Other Assets
   Other assets consist primarily of equipment and fixtures, customer accounts receivable, investments in trusts, notes receivable, other
intangible assets, income taxes receivable, deferred tax assets, prepaid expenses and the fair value of interest rate swaps. Depreciation of equipment and fixtures is computed on a straight-line basis over three to five years.  
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities  
 The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on
the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting.
Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives
designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain
or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged
 
      62  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risk, even though hedge accounting does not
apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting.    The Company made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of
its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio.    Risk Management and Use
of Financial Instruments    In the normal course of its ongoing business operations, the Company encounters economic risk. There are
three main components of economic risk: interest rate risk, credit risk and market risk. The Company is subject to interest rate risk on its interest-bearing liabilities. Credit risk is the risk of inability or unwillingness of tenants to make
contractually required payments. Market risk is the risk of declines in the value of stores due to changes in rental rates, interest rates or other market factors affecting the value of stores held by the Company. The Company has entered into
interest rate swap agreements to manage a portion of its interest rate risk.    Exchange of Common Operating Partnership Units  
 Redemption of common Operating Partnership units for shares of common stock, when redeemed under the original provisions of the Operating
Partnership agreement, are accounted for by reclassifying the underlying net book value of the units from noncontrolling interest to the Company’s equity.  
 Revenue and Expense Recognition    Rental
revenues are recognized as earned based upon amounts that are currently due from tenants. Leases are generally on month-to-month terms. Prepaid rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. Promotional discounts are
recognized as a reduction to rental income over the promotional period. Late charges, administrative fees, merchandise sales and truck rentals are recognized as income when earned. Management fee revenues are recognized monthly as services are
performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities is recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate
entities. Interest income is recognized as earned.    Property expenses, including utilities, property taxes, repairs and maintenance and
other costs to manage the facilities are recognized as incurred. The Company accrues for property tax expense based upon invoice amounts, estimates and historical trends. If these estimates are incorrect, the timing of expense recognition could be
affected.    Tenant reinsurance premiums are recognized as revenue over the period of insurance coverage. The Company records an unpaid
claims liability at the end of each period based on existing unpaid claims and historical claims payment history. The unpaid claims liability represents an estimate of the ultimate cost to settle all unpaid claims as of each period end, including
both reported but unpaid claims and claims that may have been incurred but have not been reported. The Company uses a third party claims administrator to adjust all tenant reinsurance claims received. The administrator evaluates each claim to
determine the ultimate claim loss and includes an estimate for claims that may have been incurred but not reported. Annually, a third party actuary evaluates the adequacy of the unpaid claims liability. Prior year claim reserves are adjusted as
experience develops or new information becomes known. The impact of such adjustments is included in the current period operations. The unpaid claims liability is not discounted to its present value. Each tenant chooses the amount of insurance
coverage they want through the tenant reinsurance program. Tenants can purchase policies in amounts of two thousand dollars to ten thousand dollars of insurance coverage in exchange for a monthly fee. As of December 31, 2015, the average
insurance coverage for tenants was approximately two thousand six hundred dollars. The Company’s exposure per claim is limited by the maximum amount of coverage chosen by each  
      63  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
tenant. The Company purchases reinsurance for losses exceeding a set amount for any one event. The Company does not currently have any amounts recoverable under the reinsurance arrangements.  
 Real Estate Sales    In general, sales of
real estate and related profits/losses are recognized when all consideration has changed hands and risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred. Certain types of continuing involvement preclude sale treatment and related profit recognition;
other forms of continuing involvement allow for sale recognition but require deferral of profit recognition.    Advertising Costs  
 The Company incurs advertising costs primarily attributable to internet, directory and other advertising. These costs are expensed as incurred.
The Company recognized $8,539, $8,370, and $6,482 in advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
 Income Taxes    The Company has elected to
be treated as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. In order to maintain its qualification as a REIT, among other things, the Company is required to distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to its
stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of its income and assets. As a REIT, the Company is not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of its income which meets certain criteria and is distributed annually to
stockholders. The Company plans to continue to operate so that it meets the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. If the Company were to fail to meet these requirements, it would
be subject to federal income tax. The Company is subject to certain state and local taxes. Provision for such taxes has been included in income tax expense on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended
December 31, 2015, 0.0% (unaudited) of all distributions to stockholders qualified as a return of capital.    The Company has elected
to treat its corporate subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc. (“ESMI”), as a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”). In general, the Company’s TRS may perform additional services for tenants and may engage in any real estate
or non-real estate related business. A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax. ESM Reinsurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ESMI, generates income from insurance premiums that are subject to corporate federal income tax and state
insurance premiums tax.    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases
of assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, there were no material unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred. As of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had no interest or penalties related to uncertain tax provisions.    Stock-Based Compensation  
 The measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards to employees and directors are based on estimated
fair values. Awards granted are valued at fair value and any compensation element is recognized on a straight line basis over the service periods of each award.  
 Earnings Per Common Share    Basic earnings
per common share is computed using the two-class method by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. All outstanding unvested restricted stock awards
contain rights to non-forfeitable dividends and participate in undistributed earnings with common stockholders; accordingly, they are considered participating  
      64  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
securities that are included in the two-class method. Diluted earnings per common share measures the performance of the Company over the reporting period while giving effect to all potential
common shares that were dilutive and outstanding during the period. The denominator includes the weighted average number of basic shares and the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares that
were dilutive had been issued, and is calculated using either the two-class, treasury stock or as if-converted method, whichever is most dilutive. Potential common shares are securities (such as options, convertible debt, Series A Participating
Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series A Units”), Series B Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series B Units”), Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series C Units”), Series D Redeemable Preferred Units
(“Series D Units”) and common Operating Partnership units (“OP Units”)) that do not have a current right to participate in earnings of the Company but could do so in the future by virtue of their option, redemption or conversion
right.    In computing the dilutive effect of convertible securities, net income is adjusted to add back any changes in earnings in the
period associated with the convertible security. The numerator also is adjusted for the effects of any other non-discretionary changes in income or loss that would result from the assumed conversion of those potential common shares. In computing
diluted earnings per common share, only potential common shares that are dilutive (those that reduce earnings per common share) are included. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, options to purchase approximately 62,254,
27,374, and 44,958 shares of common stock, respectively, were excluded from the computation of earnings per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.  
 The following table presents the number of Preferred Operating Partnership units, and the potential common shares, that were excluded from the
computation of earnings per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Number of Units 
   
   
 Equivalent Shares (if converted) 
   
   
 Number of Units 
   
   
 Equivalent Shares (if converted) 
   
   
 Number of Units 
   
   
 Equivalent Shares (if converted) 
   


 
   Series B Units 
   
   
 1,676,087 
    
   
   
 579,640 
    
   
   
 1,592,062 
    
   
   
 764,385 
    
   
   
 453,302 
    
   
   
 257,266 
    
 
   Series C Units 
   
   
 704,016 
    
   
   
 410,002 
    
   
   
 605,256 
    
   
   
 489,366 
    
   
   
 33,226 
    
   
   
 33,302 
    
 
   Series D Units 
   
   
 548,390 
    
   
   
 189,649 
    
   
   
 13,522 
    
   
   
 6,492 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 2,928,493 
    
   
   
 1,179,291 
    
   
   
 2,210,840 
    
   
   
 1,260,243 
    
   
   
 486,528 
    
   
   
 290,568 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Operating Partnership had $85,364 of its 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 (the “2013
Notes”) issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2015. The 2013 Notes could potentially have a dilutive impact on the Company’s earnings per share calculations. The 2013 Notes are exchangeable by holders into shares of the Company’s
common stock under certain circumstances per the terms of the indenture governing the 2013 Notes. The exchange price of the 2013 Notes was $54.99 per share as of December 31, 2015, and could change over time as described in the indenture. The
Company has irrevocably agreed to pay only cash for the accreted principal amount of the 2013 Notes relative to its exchange obligations, but retained the right to satisfy the exchange obligation in excess of the accreted principal amount in cash
and/or common stock.    The Operating Partnership had $575,000 of its 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2035 (the “2015 Notes”)
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2015. The 2015 Notes could potentially have a dilutive impact on the Company’s earnings per share calculations. The 2015 Notes are exchangeable by holders into shares of the Company’s common stock
under certain circumstances per the terms of the indenture governing the 2015 Notes. The exchange price of the 2015 Notes was $95.40 per share as of December 31, 2015, and could change over time as described in the indenture. The Company has
irrevocably agreed to pay only cash for the accreted principal amount of the 2015 Notes relative to its exchange obligations, but retained the right to satisfy the exchange obligation in excess of the accreted principal amount in cash and/or common
stock.  
      65  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Though the Company has retained that right, Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
260,  “Earnings per Share,”  requires an assumption that shares would be used to pay the exchange obligation in excess of the accreted principal amount, and requires that those shares be included in the Company’s calculation of
weighted average common shares outstanding for the diluted earnings per share computation. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, 513,040 shares, 130,883 shares, and no shares, respectively, related to the 2013 Notes were included in
the computation for diluted earnings per share. For the year ended December 31, 2015, no shares related to the 2015 Notes were included in the computation for diluted earnings per share as the exchange price exceeded the per share price of the
Company’s common stock during this period. For the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, no shares related to the 2015 Notes were included in the computation for diluted earnings per share as the 2015 Notes were not outstanding.  
 For the purposes of computing the diluted impact on earnings per share of the potential exchange of Series A Units for common shares upon
redemption, where the Company has the option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the positive intent and ability to settle at least $115,000 of the instrument in cash (or net settle a portion of the Series A Units
against the related outstanding note receivable), only the amount of the instrument in excess of $115,000 is considered in the calculation of shares contingently issuable for the purposes of computing diluted earnings per share as allowed by ASC
260-10-45-46.    For the purposes of computing the diluted impact on earnings per share of the potential exchange of Series B Units for
common shares upon redemption, where the Company has the option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the intent and ability to settle the redemption in shares, the Company divided the total value of the Series B Units
outstanding as of December 31, 2015 of $41,902 by the closing price of the Company’s common stock as of December 31, 2015 of $88.21 per share. Assuming full exchange for common shares as of December 31, 2015, 475,027 shares would
have been issued to the holders of the Series B Units.    For the purposes of computing the diluted impact on earnings per share of the
potential exchange of Series C Units into common shares upon redemption, where the Company has the option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the intent and ability to settle the redemption in shares, the Company
divided the total value of the Series C Units outstanding as of December 31, 2015 of $29,639 by the closing price of the Company’s common stock as of December 31, 2015 of $88.21 per share. Assuming full exchange for common shares
as of December 31, 2015, 336,006 shares would have been issued to the holders of the Series C Units.    For the purposes of
computing the diluted impact on earnings per share of the potential exchange of Series D Units into common shares upon redemption, where the Company has the option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the intent and ability
to settle the redemption in shares, the Company divided the total value of the Series D Units outstanding as of December 31, 2015 of $13,710 by the closing price of the Company’s common stock as of December 31, 2015 of $88.21 per share.
Assuming full exchange for common shares as of December 31, 2015, 155,422 shares would have been issued to the holders of Series D Units.  
      66  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The computation of earnings per share is as follows for the periods presented:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 189,474 
    
   
 $ 
 178,355 
    
   
 $ 
 172,076 
    
 
   Earnings and dividends allocated to participating securities 
    
   
 (601 
 )  
   
   
 (490 
 )  
   
   
 (567 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings for basic computations 
    
   
 188,873 
    
   
   
 177,865 
    
   
   
 171,509 
    
 
   Earnings and dividends allocated to participating securities 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 567 
    
 
   Income allocated to noncontrolling interest—Preferred Operating Partnership (Series A Units) and Operating Partnership 
    
   
 14,790 
    
   
   
 13,575 
    
   
   
 7,255 
    
 
   Fixed component of income allocated to noncontrolling interest—Preferred Operating Partnership (Series A Units) 
    
   
 (5,088 
 )  
   
   
 (5,586 
 )  
   
   
 (5,750 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income for diluted computations 
    
 $ 
 198,575 
    
   
 $ 
 185,854 
    
   
 $ 
 173,581 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Average number of common shares outstanding—basic 
    
   
 119,816,743 
    
   
   
 115,713,807 
    
   
   
 111,349,361 
    
 
   Series A Units 
    
   
 875,480 
    
   
   
 961,747 
    
   
   
 989,980 
    
 
   OP Units 
    
   
 5,451,357 
    
   
   
 4,335,837 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Unvested restricted stock awards included for treasury stock method 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 425,705 
    
 
   Shares related to exchangeable senior notes and dilutive stock options 
    
   
 775,289 
    
   
   
 423,876 
    
   
   
 340,048 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Average number of common shares outstanding—diluted 
    
   
 126,918,869 
    
   
   
 121,435,267 
    
   
   
 113,105,094 
    
 
   Earnings per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.54 
    
   
 $ 
 1.54 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.56 
    
   
 $ 
 1.53 
    
   
 $ 
 1.53 
    
   Recently Issued Accounting Standards  
 In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-08,
“ Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. ” Under this guidance, only disposals
representing a strategic shift in operations should be presented as discontinued operations. The guidance also requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued
operation. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2015. The Company has not previously had discontinued operations and as such, this guidance did not have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, “ Revenue from Contracts with Customers, ” which amends the guidance for revenue
recognition to replace numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges areas under this topic with those of the International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2014-09 outlines a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition
that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. The amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. ASU
2014-09 was originally effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. In July 2015, the FASB approved
a one-year deferral of the effective date of the standard. The new standard will now become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption on the original effective date permitted. The Company has not
yet selected a transition method. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  
      67  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, “ Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to
the Consolidation Analysis.”  This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period. ASU 2015-02 amends the criteria for determining if a service
provider possesses a variable interest in a variable interest entity (“VIE”), and eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to
materially impact its consolidated financial statements.    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, “ Interest—Imputation of
Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, ” which requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. The new
guidance only impacts financial statement presentation. The guidance is effective in the first quarter of 2016 and allows for early adoption. The Company adopted this guidance October 1, 2015. The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 on a retrospective
basis. As a result $20,120 of unamortized debt issuance costs that had been included in the Other assets line on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2014 are now presented as direct deductions from the carrying amounts of the related
debt liabilities.    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, “ Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software
(Subtopic 350-40)—Customers Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, ” which provides guidance regarding the accounting for fees paid by a customer in cloud computing arrangements. If a cloud computing arrangement
includes a software license, the payment of fees should be accounted for in the same manner as the acquisition of other software licenses. If there is no software license, the fees should be accounted for as a service contract. The guidance is
effective in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. An entity can elect to adopt the amendments either (1) prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the effective date or (2)
retrospectively. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  “Interest—Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Presentation and Subsequent
Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements,”  which provides guidance regarding the classification of debt issuance costs associated with lines of credit. Specifically, deferring and presenting debt
issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement is
allowed. The Company adopted this guidance effective October 1, 2015. The Company continued to present the debt issuance costs and related accumulated amortization relating to its lines of credit as assets.  
   

 
 
 3. 
 REAL ESTATE ASSETS  
  The components of real estate assets are summarized as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Land—operating 
    
 $ 
 1,384,009 
    
    
 $ 
 1,132,175 
    
 
   Land—development 
    
   
 17,313 
    
    
   
 21,062 
    
 
   Buildings and improvements 
    
   
 4,886,397 
    
    
   
 3,487,935 
    
 
   Intangible assets—tenant relationships 
    
   
 95,891 
    
    
   
 72,293 
    
 
   Intangible lease rights 
    
   
 8,877 
    
    
   
 8,697 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 6,392,487 
    
    
   
 4,722,162 
    
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (728,087 
 )  
    
   
 (604,336 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net operating real estate assets 
    
   
 5,664,400 
    
    
   
 4,117,826 
    
 
   Real estate under development/redevelopment 
    
   
 24,909 
    
    
   
 17,870 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net real estate assets 
    
 $ 
 5,689,309 
    
    
 $ 
 4,135,696 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Real estate assets held for sale included in net real estate assets 
    
 $ 
 10,774 
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      68  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The real estate assets held for sale consist of a portfolio of six stores located in Ohio and
Indiana, a single store located in Indiana, and a portion of land at an operating store in New Jersey. The estimated fair value less selling costs of each of these assets is greater than the carrying value of the assets, and therefore no loss has
been recorded. The six-store portfolio is under contract, and the sale is expected to close by the second quarter of 2016. The single store located in Indiana is currently listed for sale but is not yet under contract. The Company expects that this
property will be sold by the end of 2016. The land in New Jersey is also under contract and the sale is expected to close by the end of 2016. These assets held for sale are included in the rental operations segment of the Company’s segment
information.    The Company amortizes to expense intangible assets—tenant relationships on a
 straight-line  basis over the average period that a tenant is expected to utilize the facility (currently estimated at 18 months). The Company amortizes to expense the intangible lease rights over the
terms of the related leases. Amortization related to the tenant relationships and lease rights was $11,695, $12,996, and $12,065 for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The remaining balance of the unamortized lease
rights will be amortized over the next 3 to 46 years.  
      69  


 
 
 Table of Contents 



 
 
 4. 
 PROPERTY ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS  
  The following table shows the Company’s acquisition of operating stores for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014, and does not include purchases of raw land or improvements made to existing assets:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Consideration Paid 
   
   
 Acquisition Date Fair Value 
   
 
   Property Location 
   
 Number of Stores 
   
 Date of Acquisition 
   
 Total 
   
   
 Cash Paid 
   
   
 Non-cash gain 
   
   
 Loan Assumed 
   
   
 Notes Issued to/ from Seller 
   
   
 Previous equity interest 
   
   
 Net Liabilities/ (Assets) Assumed 
   
   
 Value of OP Units Issued 
   
   
 Number of OP Units Issued 
   
   
 Land 
   
   
 Building 
   
   
 Intangible 
   
   
 Closing costs - expensed (1) 
   


 
   California 
   
 1 
   
 12/11/2015 
   
 $ 
 9,712 
    
   
 $ 
 9,716 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 2,679 
    
   
 $ 
 7,029 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 4 
    
 
   North Carolina 
   
 1 
   
 12/8/2015 
   
   
 5,307 
    
   
   
 5,333 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,372 
    
   
   
 3,925 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Oregon 
   
 1 
   
 11/24/2015 
   
   
 10,011 
    
   
   
 10,013 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 732 
    
   
   
 9,157 
    
   
   
 103 
    
   
   
 19 
    
 
   Florida 
   
 3 
   
 11/19/2015 
   
   
 20,017 
    
   
   
 19,965 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 52 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,012 
    
   
   
 17,662 
    
   
   
 329 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 11/13/2015 
   
   
 14,397 
    
   
   
 7,116 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 60 
    
   
   
 7,221 
    
   
   
 91,434 
    
   
   
 6,643 
    
   
   
 7,551 
    
   
   
 202 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 10/23/2015 
   
   
 8,707 
    
   
   
 8,685 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,140 
    
   
   
 7,560 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   New Jersey 
   
 1 
   
 10/7/2015 
   
   
 7,430 
    
   
   
 7,394 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 36 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,057 
    
   
   
 6,037 
    
   
   
 146 
    
   
   
 190 
    
 
   Various (2) 
   
 122 
   
 10/1/2015 
   
   
 1,230,976 
    
   
   
 1,272,256 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (69,936 
 )  
   
   
 28,656 
    
   
   
 376,848 
    
   
   
 179,700 
    
   
   
 978,368 
    
   
   
 18,830 
    
   
   
 54,083 
    
 
   Maryland 
   
 1 
   
 9/10/2015 
   
   
 6,165 
    
   
   
 6,183 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 794 
    
   
   
 5,178 
    
   
   
 119 
    
   
   
 74 
    
 
   North Carolina 
   
 1 
   
 6/19/2015 
   
   
 6,987 
    
   
   
 6,926 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 61 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,408 
    
   
   
 5,461 
    
   
   
 107 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   Florida 
   
 1 
   
 6/18/2015 
   
   
 17,657 
    
   
   
 12,677 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 207 
    
   
   
 4,773 
    
   
   
 71,054 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 17,220 
    
   
   
 327 
    
   
   
 110 
    
 
   Florida (3) 
   
 1 
   
 6/17/2015 
   
   
 6,076 
    
   
   
 412 
    
   
   
 1,100 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,601 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 534 
    
   
   
 5,364 
    
   
   
 125 
    
   
   
 53 
    
 
   Illinois 
   
 1 
   
 6/8/2015 
   
   
 10,046 
    
   
   
 9,970 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 76 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 964 
    
   
   
 9,085 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Massachusetts 
   
 1 
   
 5/13/2015 
   
   
 12,512 
    
   
   
 12,515 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,625 
    
   
   
 10,875 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Georgia 
   
 1 
   
 5/7/2015 
   
   
 6,498 
    
   
   
 6,458 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 40 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,087 
    
   
   
 4,295 
    
   
   
 114 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   North Carolina 
   
 1 
   
 5/5/2015 
   
   
 11,007 
    
   
   
 10,976 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,050 
    
   
   
 6,867 
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Georgia 
   
 1 
   
 4/24/2015 
   
   
 6,500 
    
   
   
 6,451 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 49 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 370 
    
   
   
 6,014 
    
   
   
 114 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Arizona, Texas 
   
 22 
   
 4/15/2015 
   
   
 178,252 
    
   
   
 75,681 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 822 
    
   
   
 101,749 
    
   
   
 1,504,277 
    
   
   
 24,087 
    
   
   
 151,465 
    
   
   
 2,121 
    
   
   
 579 
    
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 4/14/2015 
   
   
 8,650 
    
   
   
 8,580 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 70 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 619 
    
   
   
 7,861 
    
   
   
 160 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   California (4) 
   
 1 
   
 3/30/2015 
   
   
 12,699 
    
   
   
 1,700 
    
   
   
 1,629 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,009 
    
   
   
 (1,264 
 )  
   
   
 (375 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,025 
    
   
   
 11,479 
    
   
   
 195 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   South Carolina 
   
 2 
   
 3/30/2015 
   
   
 13,165 
    
   
   
 13,143 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,763 
    
   
   
 11,229 
    
   
   
 144 
    
   
   
 29 
    
 
   Virginia 
   
 1 
   
 3/17/2015 
   
   
 5,073 
    
   
   
 5,065 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 118 
    
   
   
 4,797 
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
   
 77 
    
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 2/24/2015 
   
   
 13,570 
    
   
   
 13,519 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,511 
    
   
   
 11,861 
    
   
   
 182 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
   Texas 
   
 3 
   
 1/13/2015 
   
   
 41,904 
    
   
   
 41,806 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 98 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12,080 
    
   
   
 29,489 
    
   
   
 300 
    
   
   
 35 
    
 
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2015 Totals 
   
 171 
   
 
   
 $ 
 1,663,318 
    
   
 $ 
 1,572,540 
    
   
 $ 
 2,729 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 15,610 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,264 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (68,696 
 )  
   
 $ 
 142,399 
    
   
   
 2,043,613 
    
   
 $ 
 248,370 
    
   
 $ 
 1,335,829 
    
   
 $ 
 23,780 
    
   
 $ 
 55,344 
    
 
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Florida 
   
 4 
   
 12/23/2014 
   
 $ 
 32,954 
    
   
 $ 
 19,122 
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
  —   
    
   
 $ 
 122 
    
   
 $ 
 13,710 
    
   
   
 548,390 
    
   
 $ 
 12,502 
    
   
 $ 
 19,640 
    
   
 $ 
 482 
    
   
 $ 
 330 
    
 
   New Jersey, Virginia (5) 
   
 5 
   
 12/18/2014 
   
   
 47,747 
    
   
   
 42,167 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,580 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,259 
    
   
   
 42,440 
    
   
   
 688 
    
   
   
 360 
    
 
   New York (6) 
   
 1 
   
 12/11/2014 
   
   
 20,115 
    
   
   
 20,125 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12,085 
    
   
   
 7,665 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 365 
    
 
   North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas (7) 
   
 7 
   
 12/11/2014 
   
   
 60,279 
    
   
   
 60,086 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 193 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,661 
    
   
   
 36,339 
    
   
   
 876 
    
   
   
 3,403 
    
 
   California 
   
 1 
   
 12/9/2014 
   
   
 9,298 
    
   
   
 6,300 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 2,983 
    
   
   
 50,620 
    
   
   
 4,508 
    
   
   
 4,599 
    
   
   
 178 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Colorado 
   
 1 
   
 10/24/2014 
   
   
 6,253 
    
   
   
 6,202 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,077 
    
   
   
 4,087 
    
   
   
 82 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Georgia 
   
 1 
   
 10/22/2014 
   
   
 11,030 
    
   
   
 11,010 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 20 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 588 
    
   
   
 10,295 
    
   
   
 121 
    
   
   
 26 
    
 
   Florida 
   
 1 
   
 9/3/2014 
   
   
 4,259 
    
   
   
 4,225 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 34 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 529 
    
   
   
 3,604 
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
   
 45 
    
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 8/8/2014 
   
   
 11,246 
    
   
   
 6,134 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,157 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (45 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,047 
    
   
   
 9,969 
    
   
   
 181 
    
   
   
 49 
    
 
   Georgia 
   
 1 
   
 8/6/2014 
   
   
 11,337 
    
   
   
 11,290 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,132 
    
   
   
 10,080 
    
   
   
 111 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   North Carolina 
   
 1 
   
 6/18/2014 
   
   
 7,310 
    
   
   
 7,307 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,940 
    
   
   
 4,265 
    
   
   
 93 
    
   
   
 12 
    
      70  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Consideration Paid 
   
   
 Acquisition Date Fair Value 
   
 
   Property Location 
   
 Number of Stores 
   
 Date of Acquisition 
   
 Total 
   
   
 Cash Paid 
   
   
 Non-cash gain 
   
   
 Loan Assumed 
   
   
 Notes Issued to/ from Seller 
   
   
 Previous equity interest 
   
   
 Net Liabilities/ (Assets) Assumed 
   
   
 Value of OP Units Issued 
   
   
 Number of OP Units Issued 
   
   
 Land 
   
   
 Building 
   
   
 Intangible 
   
   
 Closing costs - expensed (1) 
   


 
   California 
   
 1 
   
 5/28/2014 
   
   
 17,614 
    
   
   
 294 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 14,079 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 3,333 
    
   
   
 69,735 
    
   
   
 4,707 
    
   
   
 12,604 
    
   
   
 265 
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   Washington 
   
 1 
   
 4/30/2014 
   
   
 4,388 
    
   
   
 4,388 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 437 
    
   
   
 3,808 
    
   
   
 102 
    
   
   
 41 
    
 
   California (8) 
   
 3 
   
 4/25/2014 
   
   
 35,275 
    
   
   
 2,726 
    
   
   
 3,438 
    
   
   
 19,111 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 129 
    
   
   
 (580 
 )  
   
   
 10,451 
    
   
   
 226,285 
    
   
   
 6,853 
    
   
   
 27,666 
    
   
   
 579 
    
   
   
 177 
    
 
   Florida 
   
 1 
   
 4/15/2014 
   
   
 10,186 
    
   
   
 10,077 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 109 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,640 
    
   
   
 8,358 
    
   
   
 149 
    
   
   
 39 
    
 
   Georgia 
   
 1 
   
 4/3/2014 
   
   
 23,649 
    
   
   
 15,158 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 157 
    
   
   
 8,334 
    
   
   
 333,360 
    
   
   
 2,961 
    
   
   
 19,819 
    
   
   
 242 
    
   
   
 627 
    
 
   Alabama 
   
 1 
   
 3/20/2014 
   
   
 13,813 
    
   
   
 13,752 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 61 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,381 
    
   
   
 11,224 
    
   
   
 200 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Connecticut 
   
 1 
   
 3/17/2014 
   
   
 15,138 
    
   
   
 15,169 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,072 
    
   
   
 14,028 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   California (9) 
   
 1 
   
 3/4/2014 
   
   
 7,000 
    
   
   
 6,974 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,150 
    
   
   
 4,734 
    
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 2/5/2014 
   
   
 14,191 
    
   
   
 14,152 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,767 
    
   
   
 12,368 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 18 
    
 
   Virginia 
   
 17 
   
 1/7/2014 
   
   
 200,588 
    
   
   
 200,525 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 63 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 53,878 
    
   
   
 142,840 
    
   
   
 2,973 
    
   
   
 897 
    
 
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2014 Totals 
   
 52 
   
 
   
 $ 
 563,670 
    
   
 $ 
 477,183 
    
   
 $ 
 3,438 
    
   
 $ 
 38,347 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 129 
    
   
 $ 
 5,762 
    
   
 $ 
 38,811 
    
   
   
 1,228,390 
    
   
 $ 
 139,174 
    
   
 $ 
 410,432 
    
   
 $ 
 7,554 
    
   
 $ 
 6,510 
    
 
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 This column represents costs paid at closing. The amounts shown exclude other acquisition costs paid before or after the closing date.  
 
 
 (2) 
 This represents the acquisition of SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. (“SmartStop”). See below for more detailed information about this acquisition.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The Company determined the consideration paid for this store was below its market value, and recognized a $1,100 gain, representing the difference between the fair value of the store and the consideration paid.
 
 
 
 (4) 
 This represents the acquisition of a joint venture partners’ interest in Extra Space of Sacramento One LLC (“Sacramento One”), an existing joint venture, for $1,700 in cash. The result of the
acquisition is that the Company owns 100% of Sacramento One, which owned one store located in California. Prior to the acquisition date, the Company accounted for its interest in Sacramento One as an equity-method investment, and the Company
also held mortgage notes receivable from Sacramento One totalling $11,009, including related interest. The total acquisition date fair value of the Company’s previous equity interest was approximately $365 and is included in consideration
transfered. The Company recognized a non-cash gain of $1,629 as a result of remeasuring the fair value of its equity interest held prior to the acquisition. The store is consolidated subsequent to the acquisition as the Company owns 100% of the
store.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Included in net liabilities/(assets) assumed is a $5,400 liability related to an earnout provision.  
 
 
 (6) 
 This represents the acquisition of a non-operating property that the Company plans to convert to a self-storage store.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Included in closing costs is approximately $3,271 of defeasance costs.  
 
 
 (8) 
 The Company previously held no equity interest in two of the three properties acquired. The Company acquired its joint venture partner’s 60% interest in an existing joint venture which held one property in
California, resulting in full ownership by the Company. Prior to the acquisition date, the Company accounted for its 40% interest in this joint venture as an equity method investment. The total acquisition date fair value of the previous
equity interest was approximately $3,567 and is included as consideration transferred. The Company recognized a non-cash gain of $3,438 as a result of remeasuring its prior equity interest in this joint venture held before the
acquisition. The three properties were acquired in exchange for approximately $2,726 of cash and 226,285 Series C Units valued at $10,451.  
 
 
 (9) 
 This property was owned by Spencer F. Kirk, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, and Kenneth M. Woolley, the Company’s Executive Chairman. The Company acquired the building on March 4, 2014. In a
separate transaction on March 5, 2014, the Company acquired the land for $2,150 from a third party unrelated to the Company’s executives and terminated the existing ground lease.  
      71  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Acquisition of SmartStop  
 On October 1, 2015, the Company completed its previously announced acquisition of SmartStop, a public non-traded REIT (the
“Transaction”), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 15, 2015 (the “Merger Agreement”). The Company completed the Transaction as part of its strategy to acquire stores and portfolios of stores that can increase
stockholder value. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, SmartStop shareholders received $13.75 per share in cash, which represented a total purchase price of approximately $1,391,272.  
 In connection with the Transaction, it was agreed that certain assets would be excluded from the Company’s acquisition of SmartStop (the
“Excluded Assets”). The Company had determined that the Excluded Assets were not complementary to the Company’s business or otherwise not of primary interest to the Company. These Excluded Assets were instead sold by SmartStop to
Strategic 1031, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Strategic 1031”), prior to the Transaction. The Excluded Assets included five SmartStop stores located in Canada, one parcel of land located in California that is under
development, and SmartStop’s non-traded REIT platform. Strategic 1031 is owned by and controlled by SmartStop’s former Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors.  
 The following table reconciles the purchase price to cash paid by the Company and total consideration transferred to acquire SmartStop:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Total purchase price 
    
 $ 
 1,391,272 
    
 
   Less: amount paid for Excluded Assets by Strategic 1031 
    
   
 (90,360 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total purchase price attributable to the Company 
    
 $ 
 1,300,912 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash paid by the Company 
    
 $ 
 1,272,256 
    
 
   Fair value of OP Units issued to certain SmartStop unit holders 
    
   
 28,656 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,300,912 
    
 
   Less: Cash paid for transaction costs 
    
   
 8,053 
    
 
   Less: Cash paid for defeasance and prepayment fees 
    
   
 38,360 
    
 
   Less: Severance and share-based compensation to SmartStop employees 
    
   
 7,665 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total consideration transferred 
    
 $ 
 1,246,834 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   As part of this acquisition, we recorded an expense of $38,360 related to defeasance costs and prepayment
penalties incurred related to the repayment of SmartStop’s existing debt as of the acquisition date. We incurred $8,053 of professional fees/closing costs, $6,338 of severance-related costs, and $1,327 of other payroll-related costs for a total
of $54,078 that was paid at closing. Another $9,043 of other acquisition related costs were incurred that were not paid in connection with the closing for a total of $63,121.  
      72  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at the acquisition date. The company is in the process of finalizing a third party valuation. As such the allocation of fair value between land, buildings and intangibles is subject to change. The Company’s allocation of consideration
transferred for SmartStop is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Land 
    
 $ 
 179,700 
    
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 978,368 
    
 
   Intangibles 
    
   
 18,830 
    
 
   Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
    
   
 60,981 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 34,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets acquired 
    
   
 1,272,379 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities assumed 
    
   
 17,064 
    
 
   Other liabilities assumed 
    
   
 8,481 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 1,246,834 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The Company agreed to loan Strategic 1031 $84,331 to finance the purchase of the Excluded Assets. The loans
are secured by an interest in the Excluded Assets and accrue interest at 7.0% per annum. The loans have a term of 365 days after the closing of the Transaction, due on September 30, 2016. These loans receivable are included in Other assets on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets.    Pro Forma Information  
 As noted above, during the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company acquired 171 operating stores, including the 122 stores acquired in
conjunction with the acquisition of SmartStop. The following pro forma financial information includes 137 of the 171 operating stores acquired. 34 stores were excluded as it was impractical to obtain the historical information from the previous
owners and in total they represent and immaterial amount of total revenues. The following pro forma financial information is based on the combined historical financial statements of the Company and 137 of the stores acquired, and presents the
Company’s results as if the acquisitions had occurred as of January 1, 2014 (unaudited):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
       2015       
   
    
       2014       
   
 
   
    
 Pro Forma 
   
    
 Pro Forma 
   


 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 860,550 
    
    
 $ 
 746,601 
    
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 253,476 
    
    
 $ 
 163,898 
    
   The Total revenues for SmartStop in the table above represent the revenues of SmartStop for the period prior
to acquisition, less revenues attributed to the Excluded Assets. The Net income attributable to common stockholders for SmartStop in the table above represents primarily the expenses of SmartStop for the period prior to acquisition (less
expenses related to the Excluded Assets), plus estimated additional depreciation, amortization, interest expenses and the elimination of non-recurring acquisition costs recorded by SmartStop and the Company.  
 The unaudited pro forma results do not reflect any operating efficiency or potential cost savings which may result from the acquisition of
SmartStop. Accordingly, these unaudited pro forma results are presented for informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operation of the combined company would have been if the acquisition had
occurred at the beginning of the period presented nor are they indicative of future results of operations and are not necessarily indicative of either future results of operations or results that might have been achieved had the acquisition been
consummated as of January 1, 2014. 
      73  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table summarizes the revenues and earnings related to the 171 stores acquired
during 2015 since their acquisition dates, which are included in the Company’s consolidated income statement for the year ended December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the  Year Ended  December 31, 2015 
   


 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 46,490 
    
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 8,393 
    
   Other Acquisitions and Disposals  
 On December 11, 2013, the Company sold 50% of its ownership in a parcel of undeveloped land held for sale located in California for
$2,025. The buyer holds their 50% interest as a tenant in common. No gain or loss was recorded as a result of the sale. As the Company’s interest is now held as a tenant in common, the value of the land was reclassified from land to investment
in unconsolidated real estate ventures on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.    On December 6, 2013, the Company sold a
store located in Florida for $3,250 in cash. As a result of this transaction, a gain of $160 was recorded.    In June 2013, the Company
recorded a gain of $800 due to the condemnation of a portion of land at one store in California that resulted from eminent domain.    On
May 16, 2013, the Company sold a store located in New York for $950. No gain or loss was recorded as a result of the sale.    Losses on Earnouts
from Prior Acquisitions    During 2012, the Company acquired a portfolio of ten stores located in New Jersey and New York. As part of
this acquisition, the Company agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired stores exceeded a specified amount of net rental income two years after the acquisition date. At the acquisition date, the Company believed that
it was unlikely that any significant payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. The rental growth of the stores was significantly higher than expected, resulting in a payment to the sellers of $7,785. This amount is included in
gain (loss) on real estate transactions and earnout from prior acquisitions on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014.  
 During 2011, the Company acquired a store located in Florida. As part of this acquisition, the Company agreed to make an additional cash
payment to the sellers if the acquired store exceeded a specified amount of net rental income for any twelve-month period prior to June 30, 2015. At the acquisition date, $133 was recorded as the estimated amount that would be due, and the Company
believed that it was unlikely that any significant additional payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. Because the rental growth of the stores was trending significantly higher than expected, the Company estimated that an
additional earnout payment of $2,500 would be due to the seller as of December 31, 2014. This amount is included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions and earnout from prior acquisitions on the Company’s consolidated statements of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2014. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded a gain of $400 to adjust the existing liability to the actual amount owed to the sellers as of June 30, 2015. This gain is included in
gain (loss) on real estate transactions and earnout from prior acquisitions on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      74  


 
 
 Table of Contents 



 
 
 5. 
 INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES  
  Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Equity Ownership % 
   
 Excess Profit Participation % 
   
 Investment Balance at December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   
   
         2015         
   
   
         2014         
   


 
   VRS Self Storage LLC (“VRS”) 
    
 45% 
   
 54% 
   
 $ 
 39,091 
    
   
 $ 
 40,363 
    
 
   Storage Portfolio I LLC (“SP I”) 
    
 25% 
   
 25-40% 
   
   
 11,813 
    
   
   
 12,042 
    
 
   PRISA Self Storage LLC (“PRISA”) 
    
 2% 
   
 17% 
   
   
 10,309 
    
   
   
 10,520 
    
 
   PRISA II Self Storage LLC (“PRISA II”) 
    
 2% 
   
 17% 
   
   
 8,323 
    
   
   
 9,008 
    
 
   Extra Space West Two LLC (“ESW II”) 
    
 5% 
   
 40% 
   
   
 4,122 
    
   
   
 4,197 
    
 
   WCOT Self Storage LLC (“WCOT”) 
    
 5% 
   
 20% 
   
   
 3,783 
    
   
   
 3,972 
    
 
   Clarendon Storage Associates Limited Partnership (“Clarendon”) 
    
 50% 
   
 50% 
   
   
 3,131 
    
   
   
 3,148 
    
 
   Extra Space of Santa Monica LLC (“ESSM”) 
    
 48% 
   
 48% 
   
   
 1,200 
    
   
   
 1,153 
    
 
   Extra Space West One LLC (“ESW”) 
    
 5% 
   
 40% 
   
   
 (405 
 )  
   
   
 (95 
 )  
 
   Extra Space Northern Properties Six LLC (“ESNPS”) 
    
 10% 
   
 35% 
   
   
 (470 
 )  
   
   
 (87 
 )  
 
   Other minority owned properties 
    
 18-50% 
   
 19-50% 
   
   
 6,148 
    
   
   
 1,490 
    
 
 
    
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
   
   
 87,045 
    
   
   
 85,711 
    
 
   Investments in Strategic Storage Growth Trust  
    
 
   
 
   
   
 15,962 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
   
 
   
 $ 
 103,007 
    
   
 $ 
 85,711 
    
 
 
    
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In these joint ventures, the Company and the joint venture partner generally receive a preferred return on
their invested capital. To the extent that cash/profits in excess of these preferred returns are generated through operations or capital transactions, the Company would receive a higher percentage of the excess cash/profits than its equity interest.
   In accordance with ASC 810, the Company reviews all of its joint venture relationships quarterly to ensure that there are no entities
that require consolidation. As of December 31, 2015, there were no previously unconsolidated entities that were required to be consolidated as a result of this review.  
 On December 30, 2015, the Company entered into a new joint venture, ESS-H Bloomfield Investment LLC (“Bloomfield”). Bloomfield owns
a single store in New Jersey. The Company contributed $2,885 for a 50% interest in Bloomfield. The Company’s investment in Bloomfield is included in Other minority owned properties in the table above.  
 In December 2013 and May 2014, the Company acquired twelve stores located in California from entities associated with Grupe Properties Co.
Inc. (“Grupe.”) As part of the Grupe acquisition, the Company acquired its joint venture partners’ 60% to 65% equity interests in six stores. The Company previously held the remaining 35% to 40% interests in these stores through six
separate joint ventures with Grupe. Prior to the acquisition, the Company accounted for its interests in these joint ventures as equity-method investments. The Company recognized a non-cash gain of $3,438 during the year ended December 31, 2014 as a
result of re-measuring the fair value of its equity interest in one of these joint ventures held before the acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recorded a gain of $584 as a result of the final cash distributions
received from the other five joint ventures associated with the acquisitions that were completed during 2013. The Company recognized non-cash gains of $9,339 during the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of
 re-measuring  its prior equity interests in five joint ventures held before the acquisition.    On
November 1, 2013, the Company acquired its joint venture partner’s 49% interest in  HSRE-ESP  IA, LLC (“HSRE”), an existing joint venture, for $43,475 in cash and the assumption of a
$96,516 loan. The  
      75  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
result of this acquisition is that the Company owns a 99% interest in HSRE. The joint venture partner retained a 1% interest, valued at $870, which was recorded at fair value based on the fair
value of the assets in the joint venture and is included in other noncontrolling interests on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. HSRE    owns 19
stores in various states. The stores are now consolidated as the Company owns the majority interest in the joint venture. Prior to the acquisition date, the Company accounted for its 50% interest in the joint venture as an equity-method investment.
The acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interest was approximately $43,500, and is included as consideration transferred. The Company recognized a non-cash gain of $34,137 during the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of  re-measuring  its prior equity interest in HSRE held before the acquisition. On June 11, 2015, the Company acquired its joint venture partners’ remaining 1% interest in HSRE for $1,267. Since the Company
retained its controlling interest, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to zero to reflect this purchase, and the difference between the price paid by the
Company and the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the Company.    On
February 13, 2013, the Company acquired its joint venture partner’s 48% equity interest in Extra Space of Eastern Avenue LLC (“Eastern Avenue”), which owned one store located in Maryland, for approximately $5,979. Prior to
the acquisition, the remaining 52% interest was owned by the Company, which accounted for its investment in Eastern Avenue using the equity method. The Company recorded a non-cash gain of $2,215 related to this transaction, which represents the
increase in fair value of the Company’s interest in Eastern Avenue from its formation to the acquisition date.    On February 13,
2013, the Company acquired its joint venture partner’s 61% equity interest in Extra Space of Montrose Avenue LLC (“Montrose”), which owned one store located in Illinois, for approximately $6,878. Prior to the acquisition, the
remaining 39% interest was owned by the Company, which accounted for its investment in Montrose using the equity method. The Company recorded a non-cash gain of $341 related to this transaction, which represents the increase in fair value of the
Company’s interest in the joint venture from its formation to the acquisition date.    Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate
ventures consists of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Equity in earnings of VRS 
    
 $ 
 4,041 
    
    
 $ 
 3,510 
    
    
 $ 
 3,464 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of SP I 
    
   
 1,951 
    
    
   
 1,541 
    
    
   
 1,243 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of PRISA 
    
   
 1,013 
    
    
   
 929 
    
    
   
 890 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of PRISA II 
    
   
 793 
    
    
   
 764 
    
    
   
 703 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of ESW II 
    
   
 145 
    
    
   
 102 
    
    
   
 50 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of WCOT 
    
   
 569 
    
    
   
 498 
    
    
   
 448 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of Clarendon 
    
   
 581 
    
    
   
 551 
    
    
   
 516 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of ESSM 
    
   
 493 
    
    
   
 424 
    
    
   
 369 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of ESW 
    
   
 1,875 
    
    
   
 1,571 
    
    
   
 1,406 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of ESNPS 
    
   
 633 
    
    
   
 513 
    
    
   
 461 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of HSRE 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,428 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of other minority owned properties 
    
   
 257 
    
    
   
 138 
    
    
   
 675 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 12,351 
    
    
 $ 
 10,541 
    
    
 $ 
 11,653 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Equity in earnings of ESW II, SP I and VRS includes the amortization of the Company’s excess purchase
price of $26,806 of these equity investments over its original basis. The excess basis is amortized over 40 years.  
      76  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Information (unaudited) related to the real estate ventures’ debt at December 31, 2015, is presented
below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Loan Amount 
   
    
 Current Interest Rate 
   
   
 Debt Maturity 


 
   VRS—Swapped to fixed 
    
 $ 
 52,100 
    
    
   
 3.19 
 %  
   
 June 2020 
 
   SP I—Fixed 
    
   
 88,975 
    
    
   
 4.66 
 %  
   
 April 2018 
 
   PRISA 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 Unleveraged 
 
   PRISA II 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 Unleveraged 
 
   ESW II—Swapped to fixed 
    
   
 18,505 
    
    
   
 3.57 
 %  
   
 February 2019 
 
   WCOT—Swapped to fixed 
    
   
 87,500 
    
    
   
 3.34 
 %  
   
 August 2019 
 
   Clarendon—Swapped to fixed 
    
   
 7,746 
    
    
   
 5.93 
 %  
   
 September 2018 
 
   ESSM—Variable 
    
   
 13,629 
    
    
   
 4.88 
 %  
   
 May 2021 
 
   ESW—Variable 
    
   
 17,150 
    
    
   
 1.67 
 %  
   
 August 2020 
 
   ESNPS—Variable 
    
   
 34,500 
    
    
   
 2.44 
 %  
   
 July 2025 
 
   Other minority owned properties 
    
   
 20,614 
    
    
   
 Various 
    
   
 Various 
   Combined, condensed unaudited financial information of VRS, SP I, PRISA, PRISA II, ESW II, WCOT, ESW and ESNPS
as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
 Balance Sheets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net real estate assets 
    
 $ 
 1,389,974 
    
    
 $ 
 1,442,755 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 33,703 
    
    
   
 34,636 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,423,677 
    
    
 $ 
 1,477,391 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and members’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Notes payable 
    
 $ 
 299,730 
    
    
 $ 
 301,267 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 25,715 
    
    
   
 23,490 
    
 
   Members’ equity 
    
   
 1,098,232 
    
    
   
 1,152,634 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,423,677 
    
    
 $ 
 1,477,391 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Statements of Income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Rents and other income 
    
 $ 
 286,857 
    
    
 $ 
 273,231 
    
    
 $ 
 260,487 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
   
 (155,851 
 )  
    
   
 (153,973 
 )  
    
   
 (149,595 
 )  
 
   Gain on sale of real estate 
    
   
 60,495 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 191,501 
    
    
 $ 
 119,258 
    
    
 $ 
 110,892 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In March 2015, PRISA II sold a single store located in New York and recorded a gain of $60,495.  
 The Company had no consolidated VIEs for the years ended December 31, 2015 or 2014.  
      77  


 
 
 Table of Contents 



 
 
 6. 
 OTHER ASSETS  
  The components of other assets are summarized as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Equipment and fixtures 
    
 $ 
 30,547 
    
    
 $ 
 24,913 
    
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 (19,609 
 )  
    
   
 (15,183 
 )  
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 2,172 
    
    
   
 7,130 
    
 
   Deferred financing costs, net-lines of Credit 
    
   
 1,735 
    
    
   
 1,363 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and deposits 
    
   
 11,463 
    
    
   
 8,891 
    
 
   Receivables, net 
    
   
 46,774 
    
    
   
 31,946 
    
 
   Notes receivable from Strategic 1031 
    
   
 84,331 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other notes receivable 
    
   
 4,350 
    
    
   
 9,661 
    
 
   Investments in Trusts 
    
   
 3,590 
    
    
   
 3,590 
    
 
   Fair value of interest rate swaps 
    
   
 4,996 
    
    
   
 3,583 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 170,349 
    
    
 $ 
 75,894 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The notes receivable from Strategic 1031 represents the $84,331 principal amount loaned to Strategic 1031 to
finance Strategic 1031’s acquisition of the Excluded Assets in conjunction with the Company’s acquisition of SmartStop.      

 
 
 7. 
 NOTES PAYABLE  
  The components of notes payable are summarized as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
   
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Fixed Rate 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage loans with banks (including loans subject to interest rate swaps) bearing interest at fixed rates between 2.8% and
6.7%. The loans are collateralized by mortgages on real estate assets and the assignment of rents. Principal and interest payments are made monthly with all outstanding principal and interest due between March 2016 and February
2023. 
    
 $ 
 1,613,490 
    
   
 $ 
 1,164,303 
    
 
   Unsecured loan with bank (loan subject to an interest rate swap) bearing interest at a fixed rate of 3.1%. Principal and interest
payments are made monthly with outstanding principal and interest due March 2020. 
    
   
 73,825 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Variable Rate 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mortgage loans with banks bearing floating interest rates based on 1 month LIBOR. Interest rates based on LIBOR are between
LIBOR plus 1.6% (2.0% at December 31, 2015 and 1.8% at December 31, 2014) and LIBOR plus 2.0% (2.4% at December 31, 2015 and 2.2% at December 31, 2014). The loans are collateralized by mortgages on real estate assets and the assignment of
rents. Principal and interest payments are made monthly with all outstanding principal and interest due between July 2016 and March 2021. 
    
   
 1,094,985 
    
   
   
 707,764 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 2,782,300 
    
   
   
 1,872,067 
    
 
   Plus: Premium on notes payable 
    
   
 872 
    
   
   
 3,281 
    
 
   Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (24,605 
 )  
   
   
 (16,367 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,758,567 
    
   
 $ 
 1,858,981 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      78  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table summarizes the scheduled maturities of notes payable at December 31,
2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 167,477 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 418,179 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 416,512 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 438,244 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 872,441 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 469,447 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,782,300 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Certain mortgage and construction loans with variable interest rates are subject to interest rate floors
starting at 1.90%. Real estate assets are pledged as collateral for the notes payable. Of the Company’s $2,782,300 principal amount in notes payable outstanding at December 31, 2015, $2,430,623 were recourse due to guarantees or other
security provisions. The Company is subject to certain restrictive covenants relating to the outstanding notes payable. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants at December 31, 2015.  
   

 
 
 8. 
 DERIVATIVES  
  The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company
principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing
the amount, sources and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the
receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company’s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing and duration of the
Company’s known or expected cash receipts and its known or expected cash payments principally related to the Company’s investments and borrowings.  
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk  
 The Company’s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to
interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts
from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount.  
 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated
other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. A portion of these changes is excluded from accumulated other comprehensive income as
it is allocated to noncontrolling interests. During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. During 2016, the Company estimates
that an additional $12,440 will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense.    The following table summarizes the terms of the
Company’s 29 derivative financial instruments, which have a total combined notional amount of $1,743,790 as of December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Hedge Product 
    
 Range of Notional Amounts 
    
   Strike 
    
 Effective Dates 
    
 Maturity Dates 


 
   Swap Agreements 
    
 $5,058 – $126,000 
    
 0.8% – 3.9% 
    
 10/3/2011 – 11/1/2015 
    
 9/20/2018 – 2/1/2023 
 
      79  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fair Values of Derivative Instruments  
 The table below presents the fair value of the Company’s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the
consolidated balance sheets:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Asset (Liability) Derivatives 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Other assets 
    
 $ 
 4,996 
    
    
 $ 
 3,583 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
 $ 
 (6,991 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (3,533 
 )  
   Effect of Derivative Instruments  
 The tables below present the effect of the Company’s derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations for the
periods presented. No tax effect has been presented as the derivative instruments are held by the Company:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Type 
    
 Classification of Income (Expense) 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
    
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Swap Agreements 
    
   
 Interest expense 
    
    
 $ 
 (12,487 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (8,780 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (8,917 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gain (loss) recognized in OCI 
   
    
 Location of amounts reclassified from OCI into income 
   
    
 Gain (loss) reclassifed from OCI 
   
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
    
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   Type 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Swap Agreements 
    
 $ 
 (17,669 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (18,557 
 )  
    
   
 Interest expense 
    
    
 $ 
 (12,487 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (8,780 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features  
 The Company has agreements with some of its derivative counterparties that contain provisions pursuant to which, the Company could be declared
in default of its derivative obligations if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender.  
 The Company also has an agreement with some of its derivative counterparties that incorporates the loan covenant provisions of the
Company’s indebtedness with a lender affiliate of the derivative counterparty. Failure to comply with the loan covenant provisions would result in the Company being in default on any derivative instrument obligations covered by the agreement.
   As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any
adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was $6,991. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had not posted any collateral related to these agreements. If the Company had breached any of these provisions as of
December 31, 2015, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of $2,995, including accrued interest.      

 
 
 9. 
 NOTES PAYABLE TO TRUSTS  
  During July 2005, ESS Statutory Trust III (the “Trust III”), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a  wholly-owned,  unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, issued an aggregate of $40,000 of preferred securities which mature on July 31, 2035. In addition, the Trust III issued 1,238 of Trust
common securities to the Operating Partnership for a purchase price of $1,238. On July 27, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the preferred and common securities of $41,238 were loaned in the form of a note to the Operating
 
      80  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Partnership (“Note 3”). Note 3 had a fixed rate of 6.91% through July 31, 2010, and then was payable at a variable rate equal to the
 three-month  LIBOR plus 2.40% per annum. Effective July 11, 2011, the Trust III entered into an interest rate swap that fixes the interest rate to be paid at 4.99% per annum and matures July 11, 2018.
The interest on Note 3, payable quarterly, will be used by the Trust III to pay dividends on the trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities became redeemable by the Trust III with no prepayment premium on July 27, 2010.
   During May 2005, ESS Statutory Trust II (the “Trust II”), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a  wholly-owned,  unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership of the Company, issued an aggregate of $41,000 of preferred securities which mature on June 30, 2035. In addition, the Trust II issued 1,269
of Trust common securities to the Operating Partnership for a purchase price of $1,269. On May 24, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the preferred and common securities of $42,269 were loaned in the form of a note to the Operating Partnership
(“Note 2”). Note 2 had a fixed rate of 6.67% through June 30, 2010, and then was payable at a variable rate equal to the  three-month  LIBOR plus 2.40% per annum. Effective July 11,
2011, the Trust II entered into an interest rate swap that fixes the interest rate to be paid at 4.99% per annum and matures July 11, 2018. The interest on Note 2, payable quarterly, will be used by the Trust II to pay dividends on the
trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities became redeemable by the Trust II with no prepayment premium on June 30, 2010.  
 During April 2005, ESS Statutory Trust I (the “Trust”), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a
 wholly-owned,  unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership of the Company issued an aggregate of $35,000 of trust preferred securities which mature on June 30, 2035. In addition, the Trust
issued 1,083 of Trust common securities to the Operating Partnership for a purchase price of $1,083. On April 8, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred and common securities of $36,083 were loaned in the form of a note to the
Operating Partnership (the “Note”). The Note has a variable rate equal to the  three-month  LIBOR plus 2.25% per annum. Effective June 30, 2010, the Trust entered into an interest rate swap that
fixes the interest rate to be paid at 5.14% per annum and matures on June 30, 2018. The interest on the Note, payable quarterly, will be used by the Trust to pay dividends on the trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities are
redeemable by the Trust with no prepayment premium.    Trust, Trust II and Trust III (together, the “Trusts”) are VIEs because the
holders of the equity investment at risk (the trust preferred securities) do not have the power to direct the activities of the entities that most significantly affect the entities’ economic performance because of their lack of voting or
similar rights. Because the Operating Partnership’s investment in the Trusts’ common securities was financed directly by the Trusts as a result of its loan of the proceeds to the Operating Partnership, that investment is not considered to
be an equity investment at risk. The Operating Partnership’s investment in the Trusts is not a variable interest because equity interests are variable interests only to the extent that the investment is considered to be at risk, and therefore
the Operating Partnership cannot be the primary beneficiary of the Trusts. Since the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the Trusts, they have not been consolidated. A debt obligation has been recorded in the form of notes as discussed above
for the proceeds, which are owed to the Trusts by the Company. The Company has also recorded its investment in the Trusts’ common securities as other assets.  
 The Company has not provided financing or other support during the periods presented to the Trusts that it was not previously contractually
obligated to provide. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the Trusts is equal to the total amount of the notes discussed above less the amounts of the Company’s investments in the Trusts’ common
securities. The net amount is the notes payable that the Trusts owe to third parties for their investments in the Trusts’ preferred securities.  
 The notes payable to trusts are presented net of unamortized deferred financing costs of $2,399 and $2,531 as of December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.  
      81  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Following is a tabular comparison of the liabilities the Company has recorded as a result of its
involvements with the Trusts to the maximum exposure to loss the Company is subject to related to the Trusts as of December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Notes payable 
   
    
 Investment 
   
    
 Maximum 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 to Trusts 
   
    
 Balance 
   
    
 exposure to loss 
   
    
 Difference 
   


 
   Trust 
    
 $ 
 36,083 
    
    
 $ 
 1,083 
    
    
 $ 
 35,000 
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
   Trust II 
    
   
 42,269 
    
    
   
 1,269 
    
    
   
 41,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Trust III 
    
   
 41,238 
    
    
   
 1,238 
    
    
   
 40,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 119,590 
    
    
   
 3,590 
    
    
   
 116,000 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Unamortized debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (2,399 
 )  
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 117,191 
    
    
 $ 
 3,590 
    
    
 $ 
 116,000 
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 10. 
 EXCHANGEABLE SENIOR NOTES  
  In September 2015, the Operating Partnership issued $575,000 of its 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2035. Costs
incurred to issue the 2015 Notes were approximately $11,992, consisting primarily of a 2% underwriting fee. These costs are being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over five years, which represents the estimated term based on the first
available redemption date, and are included in other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The 2015 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership and are fully guaranteed by the Company. Interest is
payable on April 1 and October 1 of each year beginning April 1, 2016, until the maturity date of October 1, 2035. The Notes bear interest at 3.125% per annum and contain an exchange settlement feature, which provides that the 2015 Notes may, under
certain circumstances, be exchangeable for cash (for the principal amount of the 2015 Notes) and, with respect to any excess exchange value, for cash, shares of the Company’s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the
Company’s common stock, at the Company’s option. The exchange rate of the 2015 Notes as of December 31, 2015 was approximately 10.48 shares of the Company’s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 2015 Notes.  
 The Operating Partnership may redeem the 2015 Notes at any time to preserve the Company’s status as a REIT. In addition, on or after
October 5, 2020, the Operating Partnership may redeem the 2015 Notes for cash, in whole or in part, at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, upon at least 30 days but not more than 60 days prior written notice to the holders
of the 2015 Notes. The holders of the 2015 Notes have the right to require the Operating Partnership to repurchase the 2015 Notes for cash, in whole or in part, on October 1 of the years 2020, 2025 and 2030, (unless the Operating Partnership has
called the 2015 Notes for redemption), and upon the occurrence of certain designated events, in each case for a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2015 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. Certain events are considered
“Events of Default,” as defined in the indenture governing the 2015 Notes, which may result in the accelerated maturity of the 2015 Notes.  
 On June 21, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued $250,000 of its 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 at a 1.5% discount, or $3,750.
Costs incurred to issue the 2013 Notes were approximately $1,672. These costs are being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over five years, which represents the estimated term based on the first available redemption date, and are
included in other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The 2013 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership and are fully guaranteed by the Company. Interest is payable on January 1 and July 1 of each
year beginning January 1, 2014, until the maturity date of July 1, 2033. The 2013 Notes bear interest at 2.375% per annum and contain an exchange settlement feature, which provides that the 2013 Notes may, under certain circumstances, be
exchangeable for cash (for the principal amount of the 2013 Notes) and, with respect to any excess exchange value, for cash, shares of the Company’s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company’s common stock, at the
Company’s option. The exchange rate of the 2013 Notes as of December 31, 2015 was approximately 18.18 shares of the Company’s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 2013 Notes.  
      82  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Additionally, the 2013 Notes and the 2015 Notes can be exchanged during any calendar quarter, if
the last reported sale price of the common stock of the Company is greater than or equal to 130% of the exchange price for at least 20 trading days during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately
preceding calendar quarter. The price of the Company’s common stock exceeded 130% of the exchange price for the required time period for the 2013 Notes during the quarter ended December 31, 2015. Therefore, holders of the 2013 Notes may elect
to exchange such notes during the quarter ending March 31, 2016. The price of the Company’s common stock did not exceed 130% of the exchange price for the required time period for the 2015 Notes during the quarter ended December 31, 2015.  
 The Operating Partnership may redeem the 2013 Notes at any time to preserve the Company’s status as a REIT. In addition, on or after July
5, 2018, the Operating Partnership may redeem the 2013 Notes for cash, in whole or in part, at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, upon at least 30 days but not more than 60 days prior written notice to the holders of the
2013 Notes. The holders of the 2013 Notes have the right to require the Operating Partnership to repurchase the 2013 Notes for cash, in whole or in part, on July 1 of the years 2018, 2023 and 2028, and upon the occurrence of certain designated
events, in each case for a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2013 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. Certain events are considered “Events of Default,” as defined in the indenture governing the 2013 Notes,
which may result in the accelerated maturity of the 2013 Notes.    GAAP requires entities with convertible debt instruments that may be
settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion to separately account for the liability and equity components of the instrument in a manner that reflects the issuer’s economic interest cost. The Company therefore accounts for the
liability and equity components of the 2013 Notes and 2015 Notes separately. The equity components are included in paid-in capital in stockholders’ equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, and the value of the equity components are
treated as original issue discount for purposes of accounting for the debt components. The discounts are being amortized as interest expense over the remaining period of the debt through its first redemption date, July 1, 2018 for the 2013 Notes and
October 1, 2020 for the 2015 Notes. The effective interest rate on the liability components of both the 2013 Notes and the 2015 Notes is 4.0%, which approximates the market rate of interest of similar debt without exchange features (i.e.
nonconvertible debt) at the time of issuance.    Information about the carrying amount of the equity component, the principal amount of the
liability component, its unamortized discount and its net carrying amount were as follows for the periods indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Carrying amount of equity component—2013 Notes 
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
 14,496 
    
 
   Carrying amount of equity component—2015 Notes 
    
   
 22,597 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Carrying amount of equity components 
    
 $ 
 22,597 
    
    
 $ 
 14,496 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Principal amount of liability component 2013 Notes 
    
 $ 
 85,364 
    
    
 $ 
 250,000 
    
 
   Principal amount of liability component 2015 Notes 
    
   
 575,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Unamortized discount—equity component—2013 Notes 
    
   
 (2,605 
 )  
    
   
 (10,448 
 )  
 
   Unamortized discount—equity component—2015 Notes 
    
   
 (21,565 
 )  
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Unamortized cash discount—2013 Notes 
    
   
 (633 
 )  
    
   
 (2,606 
 )  
 
   Unamortized debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (11,698 
 )  
    
   
 (1,222 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net carrying amount of liability components 
    
 $ 
 623,863 
    
    
 $ 
 235,724 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      83  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The amount of interest cost recognized relating to the contractual interest rate and the
amortization of the discount on the liability component for the 2013 and 2015 senior notes was as follows for the periods indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2015     
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   


 
   Contractual interest 
    
 $ 
 9,939 
    
    
 $ 
 5,936 
    
    
 $ 
 3,134 
    
 
   Amortization of discount 
    
   
 3,310 
    
    
   
 2,683 
    
    
   
 1,404 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total interest expense recognized 
    
 $ 
 13,249 
    
    
 $ 
 8,619 
    
    
 $ 
 4,538 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Repurchase of 2013 Notes  
 As part of the 2015 Notes offering, the Company repurchased $164,636 of the 2013 Notes for $227,212 on September 15, 2015. The Company
allocated the value of the consideration paid to repurchase the 2013 Notes (1) to the extinguishment of the liability component and (2) to the reacquisition of the equity component. The amount allocated to the extinguishment of the liability
component is equal to the fair value of that component immediately prior to extinguishment. The difference between the consideration attributed to the extinguishment of the liability component and the sum of (a) the net carrying amount of the
repurchased liability component, and (b) the related unamortized debt issuance costs, is recognized as a gain on debt extinguishment. The remaining settlement consideration is allocated to the reacquisition of the equity component of the repurchased
2013 Notes and recognized as a reduction of stockholders’ equity.    Information about the repurchase is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 September 15, 2015 
   


 
   Principal amount repurchased 
    
 $ 
 164,636 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Amount allocated to: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Extinguishment of liability component 
    
 $ 
 157,100 
    
 
   Reacquisition of equity component 
    
   
 70,112 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash paid for repurchase 
    
 $ 
 227,212 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Exchangeable senior notes repurchased 
    
 $ 
 164,636 
    
 
   Extinguishment of liability component 
    
   
 (157,100 
 )  
 
   Discount on exchangeable senior notes 
    
   
 (6,931 
 )  
 
   Related debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (605 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Gain/(Loss) on repurchase 
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 11. 
 LINES OF CREDIT  
  All of the Company’s lines of credit are guaranteed by the Company and secured by mortgages on certain real estate
assets. The following table presents information on the Company’s lines of credit, the proceeds of which are used to repay debt and for general corporate purposes, for the periods indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2015 
   
   
    
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Line of Credit 
    
 Amount Drawn 
   
    
 Capacity 
   
    
 Interest Rate 
   
 Origination Date 
    
 Maturity 
    
 Basis Rate (1) 
   
 Notes 


 
   Credit Line 1 
    
 $ 
 36,000 
    
    
 $ 
 180,000 
    
    
 2.1% 
   
 6/4/2010 
    
 6/30/2018 
    
 LIBOR plus 1.7% 
   
 (2) 
 
   Credit Line 2 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
 2.2% 
   
 11/16/2010 
    
 2/13/2017 
    
 LIBOR plus 1.8% 
   
 (3) 
 
   Credit Line 3 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 80,000 
    
    
 2.1% 
   
 4/29/2011 
    
 11/18/2016 
    
 LIBOR plus 1.7% 
   
 (3) 
 
   Credit Line 4 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
 2.1% 
   
 9/29/2014 
    
 9/29/2017 
    
 LIBOR plus 1.7% 
   
 (3) 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
   
 
    
 
    
 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 36,000 
    
    
 $ 
 360,000 
    
    
 
   
 
    
 
    
 
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
   
 
    
 
    
 
   
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 30-day USD LIBOR  
 
 
 (2) 
 One two-year extension available  
 
 
 (3) 
 Two one-year extensions available  
      84  


 
 
 Table of Contents 



 
 
 12. 
 OTHER LIABILITIES  
  The components of other liabilities are summarized as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Deferred rental income 
    
 $ 
 35,904 
    
    
 $ 
 28,485 
    
 
   Lease obligation liability 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 713 
    
 
   Fair value of interest rate swaps 
    
   
 6,991 
    
    
   
 3,533 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 2,223 
    
    
   
 672 
    
 
   Deferred tax liability 
    
   
 10,728 
    
    
   
 5,367 
    
 
   Earnout provisions on acquisitions 
    
   
 5,510 
    
    
   
 8,033 
    
 
   Unpaid claims liability 
    
   
 11,313 
    
    
   
 1,832 
    
 
   Other miscellaneous liabilities 
    
   
 7,820 
    
    
   
 6,084 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 80,489 
    
    
 $ 
 54,719 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Included in the unpaid claims liability are claims related to the Company’s tenant reinsurance program.
For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the number of claims made were 3,959, 2,942 and 2,316, respectively. The following table presents information on the portion of the Company’s unpaid claims liability that relates to
tenant insurance for the periods indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   Tenant Reinsurance Claims: 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Unpaid claims liability at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 3,121 
    
   
 $ 
 2,112 
    
   
 $ 
 1,414 
    
 
   Claims and claim adjustment expense for claims incurred in the current year 
    
   
 6,421 
    
   
   
 5,126 
    
   
   
 3,817 
    
 
   Claims and claim adjustment expense for claims incurred in the prior years 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (345 
 )  
   
   
 (116 
 )  
 
   Payments for current year claims 
    
   
 (4,283 
 )  
   
   
 (2,954 
 )  
   
   
 (1,751 
 )  
 
   Payments for prior year claims 
    
   
 (1,351 
 )  
   
   
 (818 
 )  
   
   
 (1,252 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unpaid claims liability at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 3,908 
    
   
 $ 
 3,121 
    
   
 $ 
 2,112 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     

 
 
 13. 
 RELATED PARTY AND AFFILIATED REAL ESTATE JOINT VENTURE TRANSACTIONS  
  The Company provides management services to certain joint ventures, third parties and other related party stores. Management
agreements provide generally for management fees of 6.0% of cash collected from total revenues for the management of operations at the stores. In addition, the Company receives an asset management fee equal to 50 basis points multiplied by the total
asset value of the stores owned by the SPI joint venture, provided certain requirements are met.    Management fee revenues for related
party and affiliated real estate joint ventures and other income are summarized as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   Entity 
    
   Type 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
 ESW 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
 $ 
 515 
    
    
 $ 
 480 
    
    
 $ 
 450 
    
 
 ESW II 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 452 
    
    
   
 410 
    
    
   
 382 
    
 
 ESNPS 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 584 
    
    
   
 550 
    
    
   
 528 
    
 
 ESSM 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 152 
    
    
   
 132 
    
    
   
 117 
    
 
 HSRE 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,201 
    
    
   
 1,146 
    
 
 PRISA 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 5,809 
    
    
   
 5,466 
    
    
   
 5,215 
    
 
 PRISA II 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 4,703 
    
    
   
 4,635 
    
    
   
 4,397 
    
 
 VRS 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 1,398 
    
    
   
 1,326 
    
    
   
 1,286 
    
 
 WCOT 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 1,799 
    
    
   
 1,680 
    
    
   
 1,601 
    
 
 SP I 
    
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
    
   
 2,075 
    
    
   
 1,999 
    
    
   
 1,953 
    
 
 Other 
    
 Franchisees, third parties and other 
    
   
 16,674 
    
    
   
 10,336 
    
    
   
 9,539 
    
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
    
 $ 
 34,161 
    
    
 $ 
 28,215 
    
    
 $ 
 26,614 
    
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      85  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures balances are
summarized as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Mortgage notes receivable 
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
 10,590 
    
 
   Other receivables from stores 
    
   
 2,205 
    
    
   
 1,188 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,205 
    
    
 $ 
 11,778 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Other receivables from stores consist of amounts due for management fees, asset management fees and expenses
paid on behalf of the stores that the Company manages. The Company believes that all of these related party and affiliated real estate joint venture receivables are fully collectible. The Company does not have any payables to related parties at
December 31, 2015 or 2014.    The Company has entered into an annual aircraft dry lease and service and management agreement with
SpenAero, L.C. (“SpenAero”), an affiliate of Spencer F. Kirk, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company pays a defined hourly rate for use of the aircraft. During the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company paid SpenAero $1,163, $1,059 and $803, respectively. The services that the Company receives from SpenAero are similar in nature and comparable in price to those that are provided to other outside
third parties.      

 
 
 14. 
 STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
  The Company’s charter provides that it can issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per
share and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share. As of December 31, 2015, 124,119,531 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding.  
 All holders of the Company’s common stock are entitled to receive dividends and to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of
stockholders. The transfer agent and registrar for the Company’s common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  
 On June 22, 2015, the Company issued and sold 6,325,000 shares of its common stock in a public offering at a price of $68.15 per share. The
Company received gross proceeds of $431,049. The underwriting discount and transaction costs were $14,438, resulting in net proceeds of $416,611.  
 On August 28, 2015, the Company filed a $400,000 “at the market” equity program with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and
entered into separate equity distribution agreements with five sales agents. Under the terms of the equity distribution agreements, the Company may from time to time offer and sell shares of common stock, up to the aggregate offering price of
$400,000, through its sales agents. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company sold 410,000 shares of common stock at an average sales price of $75.17 per share, resulting in net proceeds of $30,266.  
 On November 8, 2013, the Company issued and sold 4,500,000 shares of its common stock in a public offering at a price to the underwriter
of $45.81 per share. The Company received gross proceeds of $206,145. Transaction costs were $157, resulting in net proceeds of $205,988.  
      86  


 
 
 Table of Contents 



 
 
 15. 
 NONCONTROLLING INTEREST REPRESENTED BY PREFERRED OPERATING PARTNERSHIP UNITS  
  Classification of Noncontrolling Interests  
 GAAP requires a company to present ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the company in the consolidated financial
statements within the equity section, but separate from the company’s equity. It also requires the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest to be clearly identified and presented on the
face of the consolidated statement of operations and requires changes in ownership interest to be accounted for similarly as equity transactions. If noncontrolling interests are determined to be redeemable, they are to be carried at their redemption
value as of the balance sheet date and reported as temporary equity.    The Company has evaluated the terms of the Operating
Partnership’s preferred units and classifies the noncontrolling interest represented by such preferred units as stockholders’ equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company will periodically evaluate individual
noncontrolling interests for the ability to continue to recognize the noncontrolling amount as permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Any noncontrolling interests that fail to qualify as permanent equity will be reclassified as
temporary equity and adjusted to the greater of (1) the carrying amount, or (2) its redemption value as of the end of the period in which the determination is made.  
 Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units  
 On June 15, 2007, the Operating Partnership entered into a Contribution Agreement with various limited partnerships affiliated with AAAAA  Rent-A-Space  to acquire ten stores in exchange for 989,980 Series A Units. The stores are located in California and Hawaii.  
 The partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership (as amended, the “Partnership Agreement”) provides for the designation and
issuance of the Series A Units. The Series A Units have priority over all other partnership interests of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation.  
 Under the Partnership Agreement, Series A Units in the amount of $115,000 bear a fixed priority return of 5.0% and have a fixed
liquidation value of $115,000. The remaining balance participates in distributions with, and has a liquidation value equal to, that of the common OP Units. The Series A Units became redeemable at the option of the holder on September 1,
2008, which redemption obligation may be satisfied, at the Company’s option, in cash or shares of its common stock.    On June 25,
2007, the Operating Partnership loaned the holders of the Series A Units $100,000. The note receivable bears interest at 4.85%. During 2013, a loan amendment was signed extending the maturity date to September 1, 2020. The loan is secured
by the borrower’s Series A Units. The holders of the Series A Units could redeem up to 114,500 Series A Units prior to the maturity date of the loan. If any redemption in excess of 114,500 Series A Units occurs prior to the
maturity date, the holder of the Series A Units is required to repay the loan as of the date of that redemption. On October 3, 2014, the holders of the Series A Units redeemed 114,500 Series A Units for $4,794 in cash and 280,331 shares of
common stock. No additional redemption of Series A Units can be made without repayment of the loan. The Series A Units are shown on the balance sheet net of the $100,000 loan because the borrower under the loan receivable is also the holder of
the Series A Units.    Series B Redeemable Preferred Units  
 On April 3, 2014, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of a store located in Georgia. This store was acquired in exchange for
$15,158 of cash and 333,360 Series B Units valued at $8,334.    On August 29, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of
19 out of 20 stores affiliated with All Aboard Mini Storage, all of which are located in California. On September 26, 2013, the Operating  
      87  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Partnership completed the purchase of the remaining facility. These stores were acquired in exchange for $100,876 in cash (including $98,960 of debt assumed and immediately defeased at closing),
1,342,727 Series B Units valued at $33,569, and 1,448,108 common OP Units valued at $62,341.    The Partnership Agreement provides for
the designation and issuance of the Series B Units. The Series B Units rank junior to the Series A Units, on parity with the Series C Units and Series D Units, and senior to all other partnership interests of the Operating
Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation.    The Series B Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit for a
fixed liquidation value of $41,903. Holders of the Series B Units receive distributions at an annual rate of 6.0%. These distributions are cumulative. The Series B Units are redeemable at the option of the holder on the first anniversary
of the date of issuance, which redemption obligations may be satisfied at the Company’s option in cash or shares of its common stock.  
 Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units  
 On November 19, 2013, the Operating Partnership entered into Contribution Agreements with various entities affiliated with Grupe, under which
the Company agreed to acquire twelve stores, all of which are located in California. The Company completed the purchase of these stores between December 2013 and May 2014. The Company previously held a 35% interest in five of these stores and a 40%
interest in one store through six separate joint ventures with Grupe. These stores were acquired in exchange for a total of approximately $45,722 of cash, the assumption of $37,532 in existing debt, and the issuance of 704,016 Series C Units valued
at $30,960.    The Partnership Agreement provides for the designation and issuance of the Series C Units. The Series C Units rank
junior to the Series A Units, on parity with the Series B Units and Series D Units, and senior to all other partnership interests of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation.  
 The Series C Units have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit for a fixed liquidation value of $29,639. From issuance to the fifth
anniversary of issuance, each Series C Unit holder will receive quarterly distributions equal to the quarterly distribution for common OP Unit plus $0.18. Beginning on the fifth anniversary of issuance, each Series C Unit holder will
receive a fixed quarterly distribution equal to the aggregate quarterly distribution payable in respect of such Series C Unit during the four quarters immediately preceding the fifth anniversary of issuance divided by four. These distributions
are cumulative. The Series C Units will become redeemable at the option of the holder one year from the date of issuance, which redemption obligation may be satisfied at the Company’s option in cash or shares of its common stock. The
Series C Units will also become convertible into common OP Units at the option of the holder one year from the date of issuance, at a rate of 0.9145 common OP Units per Series C Unit converted. This conversion option expires upon the fifth
anniversary of the date of issuance.    In December 2014, the Operating Partnership loaned holders of the Series C Units $20,230. The
notes receivable, which are collateralized by the Series C Units, bear interest at 5.0% and mature on December 15, 2024. The Series C Units are shown on the balance sheet net of the $20,230 loan because the borrower under the loan receivable is also
the holder of the Series C Units.    Series D Redeemable Preferred Units  
 In December 2014, the Operating Partnership completed the acquisition of a store located in Florida. This store was acquired in exchange
for $5,621 in cash and 548,390 Series D Units valued at $13,710.    The Partnership Agreement provides for the designation and issuance of
the Series D Units. The Series D Units rank junior to the Series A Units, on parity with the Series B Units and Series C Units, and senior to all other partnership interest of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and
liquidation.  
      88  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Series D Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit, for a fixed liquidation value of
$13,710. Holders of the Series D Units receive distributions at an annual rate of 5.0%. These distributions are cumulative. The Series D Units will become redeemable at the option of the holder on the first anniversary of the date of issuance, which
redemption obligation may be satisfied at the Company’s option in cash or shares of its common stock.      

 
 
 16. 
 NONCONTROLLING INTEREST IN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP  
  The Company’s interest in its stores is held through the Operating Partnership. ESS Holding Business Trust I, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. ESS Business Trust II, also a  wholly-owned  subsidiary of the Company, is a limited partner of the Operating
Partnership. Between its general partner and limited partner interests, the Company held a 92.9% majority ownership interest therein as of December 31, 2015. The remaining ownership interests in the Operating Partnership (including Preferred
Operating Partnership units) of 7.1% are held by certain former owners of assets acquired by the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2015, the Operating Partnership had 5,621,642 OP Units outstanding.  
 The noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership represents OP Units that are not owned by the Company. In conjunction with the
formation of the Company and as a result of subsequent acquisitions, certain persons and entities contributing interests in stores to the Operating Partnership received limited partnership units in the form of OP Units. Limited partners who received
OP Units in the formation transactions or in exchange for contributions for interests in stores have the right to require the Operating Partnership to redeem part or all of their OP Units for cash based upon the fair market value of an equivalent
number of shares of the Company’s common stock (10 day average) at the time of the redemption. Alternatively, the Company may, at its sole discretion, elect to acquire those OP Units in exchange for shares of its common stock on a
one-for-one basis, subject to  anti-dilution  adjustments provided in the Operating Partnership agreement. The ten day average closing stock price at December 31, 2015, was $88.75 and there were 5,621,642
OP Units outstanding. Assuming that all of the unit holders exercised their right to redeem all of their OP Units on December 31, 2015 and the Company elected to pay the non-controlling members cash, the Company would have paid $498,921 in cash
consideration to redeem the units.    During the year ended December 31, 2015, a total of 787,850 OP Units were redeemed in exchange for the
Company’s common stock.    On November 13, 2015, the Company purchased one store located in Texas. As part of the consideration
for this acquisition, 91,434 OP Units were issued with a total value of $7,221.    On October 1, 2015, the Company acquired
SmartStop. As part of the consideration for this acquisition, 376,848 OP Units were issued with a total value of $28,656.    On June
18, 2015, the Company purchased one store located in Florida. As part of the consideration for this acquisition, 71,054 OP Units were issued with a total value of $4,773.  
 On April 15, 2015, the Company purchased 22 stores located in Arizona and Texas. As part of the consideration for this acquisition, 1,504,277
OP Units were issued with a total value of $101,749.    In December 2014, the Company purchased a single store in California. As part
of the consideration, 50,620 OP Units were issued for a value of $2,983.    During the year ended December 31, 2014, a total of 18,859 OP
Units were redeemed in exchange for the Company’s common stock.    In October 2013, 12,500 OP Units were redeemed in exchange for the
Company’s common stock. In March and April 2013, 1,000 OP Units were redeemed in exchange for $41 in cash.  
      89  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On August 29, 2013 and September 26, 2013, the Company purchased 20 stores in
California. As part of the consideration, 1,448,108 OP Units were issued for a value of $62,341.    GAAP requires a company to present
ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the company in the consolidated financial statements within the equity section but separate from the company’s equity. It also requires the amount of consolidated net income
attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest to be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statement of operations and requires changes in ownership interest to be accounted for similarly as equity
transactions. If noncontrolling interests are determined to be redeemable, they are to be carried at their redemption value as of the balance sheet date and reported as temporary equity.  
 The Company has evaluated the terms of the common OP Units and classifies the noncontrolling interest represented by the common OP Units as
stockholders’ equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company will periodically evaluate individual noncontrolling interests for the ability to continue to recognize the noncontrolling amount as permanent equity in the
consolidated balance sheets. Any noncontrolling interests that fail to qualify as permanent equity will be reclassified as temporary equity and adjusted to the greater of (1) the carrying amount, or (2) its redemption value as of the end
of the period in which the determination is made.      

 
 
 17. 
 OTHER NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS  
  Other noncontrolling interests represent the ownership interest of third parties in two consolidated joint ventures as of
December 31, 2015. One of these consolidated joint ventures owns a single operating store in California, and the other owns a store under development in Texas. The voting interests of the third-party owners range from 17.5% to 20.0%. Other
noncontrolling interests are included in the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets. The income or losses attributable to this third-party owner based on its ownership percentage are reflected
in net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests in the condensed consolidated statements of operations  
 On June 11, 2015, the Company purchased its joint venture partner’s remaining 1% interest in HSRE for $1,267. HSRE owned 19 properties in
California, Florida, Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia, and as a result of this purchase, these properties became wholly-owned by the Company. Prior to this acquisition, the partner’s interest was reported in other
noncontrolling interests. Since the Company retained its controlling interest in the subsidiary, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to zero to reflect the
purchase, and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the Company.  
 In November 2013, the Company purchased its joint venture partner’s 10% membership interest in an existing joint venture for $1,292. The
joint venture owned a single store located in California, and as a result of the acquisition, the store became wholly-owned by the Company. Since the Company retained its controlling financial interest in the subsidiary, this transaction was
accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to zero to reflect the purchase, and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the adjustment to the carrying value of the
noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the parent.    In May 2013, the Company purchased one of its
joint venture partner’s 27.6% capital interest and 35% profit interest in a previously unconsolidated joint venture for $950. The partner’s interest was reported in other noncontrolling interests prior to the purchase. As a result of the
acquisition, the store became wholly-owned by the Company. Since the Company retained its controlling financial interest in the subsidiary, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling
interest was reduced to zero to reflect the purchase and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the parent.  
      90  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In February 2013, the Company purchased one of its joint venture partner’s 1.7% capital
interest and 17% profit interest in a consolidated store for $200. As a result, the Company’s capital interest percentage in this joint venture increased from 95% to 96.7%. Since the Company retained its controlling financial interest in the
subsidiary, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to reflect the purchase and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the adjustment to the
carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the parent.      

 
 
 18. 
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  
  As of December 31, 2015, 4,658,171 shares were available for issuance under the Company’s 2015 Incentive Award
Plan (the “Plan”).    Option grants are issued with an exercise price equal to the closing price of stock on the date of grant.
Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee (“CNG Committee”) at the time of grant, options shall vest ratably over a  four-year  period beginning on the date
of grant. Each option will be exercisable once it has vested. Options are exercisable at such times and subject to such terms as determined by the CNG Committee, but under no circumstances may be exercised if such exercise would cause a violation of
the ownership limit in the Company’s charter. Options expire 10 years from the date of grant.    Also as defined under the terms
of the Plan, restricted stock grants may be awarded. The stock grants are subject to a vesting period over which the restrictions are released and the stock certificates are given to the grantee. During the performance or vesting period, the grantee
is not permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, encumber or assign shares of restricted stock granted under the Plan; however, the grantee has the ability to vote the shares and receive nonforfeitable dividends paid on shares. Unless otherwise
determined by the CNG Committee at the time of grant, the forfeiture and transfer restrictions on the shares lapse over a four-year period beginning on the date of grant.  
 Option Grants    A summary of stock option
activity is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Options 
    
 Number of Shares 
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 
   
    
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value as of December 31, 2015 
   


 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 1,097,092 
    
   
 $ 
 13.89 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
   
 49,075 
    
   
   
 38.40 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (391,543 
 )  
   
   
 14.81 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 754,624 
    
   
 $ 
 15.01 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
   
 31,000 
    
   
   
 47.50 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (211,747 
 )  
   
   
 14.85 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (5,150 
 )  
   
   
 28.28 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 568,727 
    
   
 $ 
 16.62 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
   
 89,575 
    
   
   
 69.93 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (79,974 
 )  
   
   
 18.79 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (5,699 
 )  
   
   
 39.83 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 572,629 
    
   
 $ 
 24.42 
    
    
   
 4.87 
    
    
 $ 
 36,525 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Vested and Expected to Vest 
    
   
 562,672 
    
   
 $ 
 23.70 
    
    
   
 4.79 
    
    
 $ 
 36,297 
    
 
   Ending Exercisable 
    
   
 429,348 
    
   
 $ 
 13.16 
    
    
   
 3.63 
    
    
 $ 
 32,222 
    
 
      91  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total value (the difference
between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of 2015 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of  in-the-money  options) that would have been received by the option holders had
all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2015. The amount of aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the fair market value of the Company’s stock.  
 The weighted average fair value of stock options granted in 2015, 2014 and 2013, was $16.89, $12.03 and $9.74, respectively. The fair value of
each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 42 
 %  
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.5 
 %  
   
   
 1.5 
 %  
   
   
 0.9 
 %  
 
   Average expected term (years) 
    
   
 5 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   The Black-Scholes model incorporates assumptions to value stock-based awards. The risk-free rate is based on
the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant for the estimated life of the option. The Company uses actual historical data to calculate the expected price volatility, dividend yield and average expected term. The forfeiture rate,
which is estimated at a  weighted-average  of 5.0% of unvested options outstanding as of December 31, 2015, is adjusted periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected
to differ, from the previous estimates.    A summary of stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2015, is as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Options Exercisable 
   
 
   Exercise Price 
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
   
    
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   


 
   $6.22 
    
   
 167,000 
    
    
   
 3.13 
    
    
 $ 
 6.22 
    
    
   
 167,000 
    
    
 $ 
 6.22 
    
 
   $11.59—$15.07 
    
   
 182,410 
    
    
   
 3.14 
    
    
   
 13.28 
    
    
   
 182,410 
    
    
   
 13.28 
    
 
   $15.30—$47.50 
    
   
 133,644 
    
    
   
 6.37 
    
    
   
 31.87 
    
    
   
 79,938 
    
    
   
 27.38 
    
 
   $65.36—$65.45 
    
   
 39,575 
    
    
   
 9.14 
    
    
   
 65.40 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   $73.52 
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 9.58 
    
    
   
 73.52 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   $6.22—$73.52 
    
   
 572,629 
    
    
   
 4.87 
    
    
 $ 
 24.42 
    
    
   
 429,348 
    
    
 $ 
 13.16 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company recorded compensation expense relating to outstanding options of $510, $456 and $536 in general
and administrative expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Total cash received for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, related to option exercises was $1,542, $3,095 and $5,896,
respectively. At December 31, 2015, there was $1,427 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options under the Company’s 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over
a  weighted-average  period of 2.58 years. The valuation model applied in this calculation utilizes subjective assumptions that could potentially change over time, including the expected forfeiture rate.
Therefore, the amount of unrecognized compensation expense at December 31, 2015, noted above does not necessarily represent the expense that will ultimately be realized by the Company in the statement of operations.  
      92  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Common Stock Granted to Employees and Directors  
 The Company recorded $5,545, $4,528 and $4,283 of expense in general and administrative expense in its statement of operations related to
outstanding shares of common stock granted to employees and directors for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The forfeiture rate, which is estimated at a  weighted-average  of
10.2% of unvested awards outstanding as of December 31, 2015, is adjusted periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from the previous estimates. At December 31, 2015 there was $11,868
of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards under the Company’s 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.45 years.  
 The fair value of common stock awards is determined based on the closing trading price of the Company’s common stock on the grant date.
   A summary of the Company’s employee and director share grant activity is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Restricted Stock Grants 
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value 
   


 
   Unreleased at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 540,272 
    
    
 $ 
 17.93 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 137,602 
    
    
   
 39.51 
    
 
   Released 
    
   
 (259,191 
 )  
    
   
 15.11 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 (23,323 
 )  
    
   
 23.62 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unreleased at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 395,360 
    
    
 $ 
 26.96 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 117,370 
    
    
   
 49.25 
    
 
   Released 
    
   
 (197,386 
 )  
    
   
 23.07 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 (23,595 
 )  
    
   
 37.19 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unreleased at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 291,749 
    
    
 $ 
 37.73 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 174,558 
    
    
   
 69.18 
    
 
   Released 
    
   
 (129,808 
 )  
    
   
 34.86 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 (18,090 
 )  
    
   
 44.54 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unreleased at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 318,409 
    
    
 $ 
 55.75 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 19. 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN  
  The Company has a retirement savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code under which eligible
employees can contribute up to 15% of their annual salary, subject to a statutory prescribed annual limit. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company made matching contributions to the plan of $1,680, $1,529 and $1,013,
respectively, based on 100% of the first 3% and up to 50% of the next 2% of an employee’s compensation.      

 
 
 20. 
 INCOME TAXES  
  As a REIT, the Company is generally not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of its income which is
distributed annually to its stockholders. However, the Company has elected to treat one of its corporate subsidiaries, Extra Space Management, Inc., as a taxable REIT subsidiary. In general, the Company’s TRS may perform additional
services for tenants and generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business. A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740,
 “Income Taxes.”  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The Company has elected to use the Tax-Law-Ordering approach to determine
when excess tax benefits will be realized.  
      93  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, is comprised
of the following components:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
       Federal       
   
    
       State       
   
    
       Total       
   


 
   Current expense 
    
 $ 
 3,736 
    
    
 $ 
 1,640 
    
    
 $ 
 5,376 
    
 
   Tax credits/True-up 
    
   
 274 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 274 
    
 
   Change in deferred benefit 
    
   
 7,016 
    
    
   
 (1,518 
 )  
    
   
 5,498 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total tax expense 
    
 $ 
 11,026 
    
    
 $ 
 122 
    
    
 $ 
 11,148 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
       Federal       
   
    
 State       
   
    
       Total       
   


 
   Current expense 
    
 $ 
 6,020 
    
    
 $ 
 1,374 
    
    
 $ 
 7,394 
    
 
   Tax credits/True-up 
    
   
 (2,176 
 )  
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (2,176 
 )  
 
   Change in deferred benefit 
    
   
 803 
    
    
   
 1,549 
    
    
   
 2,352 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total tax expense 
    
 $ 
 4,647 
    
    
 $ 
 2,923 
    
    
 $ 
 7,570 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
       Federal       
   
    
       State       
   
    
       Total       
   


 
   Current expense 
    
 $ 
 9,572 
    
    
 $ 
 615 
    
    
 $ 
 10,187 
    
 
   Tax credits/True-up 
    
   
 (4,556 
 )  
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (4,556 
 )  
 
   Change in deferred benefit 
    
   
 4,353 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,353 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total tax expense 
    
 $ 
 9,369 
    
    
 $ 
 615 
    
    
 $ 
 9,984 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A reconciliation of the statutory income tax provisions to the effective income tax provisions for the periods
indicated is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Expected tax at statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 77,151 
    
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 71,215 
    
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   Non-taxable REIT income 
    
   
 (67,084 
 )  
    
   
 (30.4 
 %)  
   
   
 (64,402 
 )  
    
   
 (31.7 
 %)  
 
   State and local tax expense—net of federal benefit 
    
   
 1,249 
    
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 1,109 
    
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
 
   Change in valuation allowance 
    
   
 (624 
 )  
    
   
 (0.3 
 %)  
   
   
 1,663 
    
    
   
 0.8 
 %  
 
   Tax Credits/True-up (WOTC & Solar) 
    
   
 274 
    
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 (2,176 
 )  
    
   
 (1.1 
 %)  
 
   Miscellaneous 
    
   
 182 
    
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 161 
    
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total provision 
    
 $ 
 11,148 
    
    
   
 5.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 7,570 
    
    
   
 3.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      94  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The major sources of temporary differences stated at their deferred tax effects are as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Deferred Tax Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed Assets 
    
 $ 
 (17,360 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (16,586 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (221 
 )  
    
   
 (269 
 )  
 
   State Deferred Taxes 
    
   
 (1,523 
 )  
    
   
 (1,576 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 
    
   
 (19,104 
 )  
    
   
 (18,431 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred Tax Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Capitive Insurance Subsidiary 
    
   
 429 
    
    
   
 447 
    
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 2,633 
    
    
   
 1,232 
    
 
   Stock compensation 
    
   
 1,346 
    
    
   
 1,176 
    
 
   Solar Credit 
    
   
 2,167 
    
    
   
 9,342 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 309 
    
    
   
 840 
    
 
   SmartStop TRS 
    
   
 1,085 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   State Deferred Taxes 
    
   
 6,016 
    
    
   
 6,260 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 13,985 
    
    
   
 19,297 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Valuation Allowance 
    
   
 (5,609 
 )  
    
   
 (6,233 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income tax liabilities 
    
 $ 
 (10,728 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (5,367 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The state income tax net operating losses expire between 2016 and 2033. The valuation allowance is associated
with the state income tax net operating losses. The solar tax credit carryforwards expire between 2030 and 2034. The tax years 2011 through 2014 remain open related to the state returns, and 2012 through 2014 for the federal returns.  
   

 
 
 21. 
 SEGMENT INFORMATION  
  The Company operates in three distinct segments: (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and
(3) property management, acquisition and development. Management fees collected for wholly-owned stores are eliminated in consolidation. Financial information for the Company’s business segments is set forth below:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Balance Sheet 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
 $ 
 103,007 
    
    
 $ 
 85,711 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
 $ 
 5,674,030 
    
    
 $ 
 4,089,553 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 37,696 
    
    
   
 39,383 
    
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 359,681 
    
    
   
 253,051 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,071,407 
    
    
 $ 
 4,381,987 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      95  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Statement of Operations 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
 $ 
 676,138 
    
   
 $ 
 559,868 
    
   
 $ 
 446,682 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 71,971 
    
   
   
 59,072 
    
   
   
 47,317 
    
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 34,161 
    
   
   
 28,215 
    
   
   
 26,614 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 782,270 
    
   
   
 647,155 
    
   
   
 520,613 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating expenses, including depreciation and amortization 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
   
 328,380 
    
   
   
 279,497 
    
   
   
 229,229 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 13,033 
    
   
   
 10,427 
    
   
   
 9,022 
    
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 146,201 
    
   
   
 78,763 
    
   
   
 68,879 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 487,614 
    
   
   
 368,687 
    
   
   
 307,130 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (loss) from operations 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
   
 347,758 
    
   
   
 280,371 
    
   
   
 217,453 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 58,938 
    
   
   
 48,645 
    
   
   
 38,295 
    
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 (112,040 
 )  
   
   
 (50,548 
 )  
   
   
 (42,265 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 294,656 
    
   
   
 278,468 
    
   
   
 213,483 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gain (loss) on real estate transactions and earnout from prior acquisitions 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 1,501 
    
   
   
 (10,285 
 )  
   
   
 960 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Property casualty loss, net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,724 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,153 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
   
 (93,711 
 )  
   
   
 (80,160 
 )  
   
   
 (69,702 
 )  
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 (1,971 
 )  
   
   
 (1,170 
 )  
   
   
 (1,928 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (95,682 
 )  
   
   
 (81,330 
 )  
   
   
 (71,630 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 (3,310 
 )  
   
   
 (2,683 
 )  
   
   
 (1,404 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 17 
    
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 3,446 
    
   
   
 1,590 
    
   
   
 732 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 3,461 
    
   
   
 1,607 
    
   
   
 749 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 4,850 
    
   
   
 4,850 
    
   
   
 4,850 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
   
 12,351 
    
   
   
 10,541 
    
   
   
 11,653 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of partners’
interests 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
   
 2,857 
    
   
   
 4,022 
    
   
   
 46,032 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income tax (expense) benefit 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
   
 (1,729 
 )  
   
   
 (1,157 
 )  
   
   
 (149 
 )  
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 (9,780 
 )  
   
   
 (8,662 
 )  
   
   
 (13,409 
 )  
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 361 
    
   
   
 2,249 
    
   
   
 3,574 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (11,148 
 )  
   
   
 (7,570 
 )  
   
   
 (9,984 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
   
 267,526 
    
   
   
 213,617 
    
   
   
 205,287 
    
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
    
   
 49,173 
    
   
   
 40,000 
    
   
   
 24,903 
    
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 (107,163 
 )  
   
   
 (57,721 
 )  
   
   
 (44,634 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 209,536 
    
   
 $ 
 195,896 
    
   
 $ 
 185,556 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Rental operations 
    
 $ 
 124,415 
    
   
 $ 
 107,081 
    
   
 $ 
 89,217 
    
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
   
 9,042 
    
   
   
 7,995 
    
   
   
 6,015 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 133,457 
    
   
 $ 
 115,076 
    
   
 $ 
 95,232 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Cash Flows 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition of real estate assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
 $ 
 (1,550,750 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (503,538 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (349,959 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Development and redevelopment of real estate assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
    
 $ 
 (26,931 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (23,528 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (6,466 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      96  


 
 
 Table of Contents 



 
 
 22. 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
  The Company has operating leases on its corporate offices and owns 19 stores that are subject to leases. At
December 31, 2015, future minimum rental payments under these non-cancelable operating leases were as follows (unaudited):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Less than 1 year 
    
 $ 
 5,655 
    
 
   Year 2 
    
   
 4,326 
    
 
   Year 3 
    
   
 3,479 
    
 
   Year 4 
    
   
 2,861 
    
 
   Year 5 
    
   
 2,808 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 60,797 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 79,926 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The monthly rental amounts for two of the ground leases include contingent rental payments based on the level
of revenue achieved at the stores. The Company recorded expense of $3,858, $3,406 and $3,032 related to these ground leases in the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
 The Company is involved in various legal proceedings and is subject to various claims and complaints arising in the ordinary course of
business. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the outcome of these matters cannot presently be determined with any degree of certainty. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, management establishes an accrued liability for
litigation when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. The estimated loss, if any, is based upon currently available
information and is subject to significant judgment, a variety of assumptions, and known and unknown uncertainties. Therefore, any estimate(s) of loss disclosed below represents what management believes to be an estimate of loss only for certain
matters meeting these criteria and does not represent our maximum loss exposure. The Company could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations in any
particular period, notwithstanding the fact that the Company is currently vigorously defending any legal proceedings against it.    The
Company currently has several legal proceedings pending against it that include causes of action alleging wrongful foreclosure, violations of various state specific self-storage statutes, and violations of various consumer fraud acts. As a result of
these litigation matters, the Company recorded a liability of $850 during the year ended December 31, 2014, which is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.  
 Although there can be no assurance, the Company is not aware of any material environmental liability, for which it believes it will be
ultimately responsible, that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. However, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, the uses and conditions of properties in the vicinity of the
Company’s properties, the activities of its tenants and other environmental conditions of which the Company is unaware with respect to its properties could result in future material environmental liabilities.  
      97  


 
 
 Table of Contents 



 
 
 23. 
 SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 2015 
   
    
 June 30, 2015 
   
    
 September 30, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 173,154 
    
    
 $ 
 185,860 
    
    
 $ 
 197,497 
    
    
 $ 
 225,759 
    
 
   Cost of operations 
    
   
 97,718 
    
    
   
 104,253 
    
    
   
 100,193 
    
    
   
 185,450 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Revenues less cost of operations 
    
 $ 
 75,436 
    
    
 $ 
 81,607 
    
    
 $ 
 97,304 
    
    
 $ 
 40,309 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 58,636 
    
    
 $ 
 60,956 
    
    
 $ 
 78,200 
    
    
 $ 
 11,744 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 53,742 
    
    
 $ 
 55,339 
    
    
 $ 
 71,718 
    
    
 $ 
 8,675 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per common share—basic 
    
 $ 
 0.46 
    
    
 $ 
 0.47 
    
    
 $ 
 0.58 
    
    
 $ 
 0.07 
    
 
   Earnings per common share—diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.46 
    
    
 $ 
 0.47 
    
    
 $ 
 0.58 
    
    
 $ 
 0.07 
    
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2014 
   
    
 September 30, 2014 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 152,587 
    
    
 $ 
 160,724 
    
    
 $ 
 169,067 
    
    
 $ 
 164,777 
    
 
   Cost of operations 
    
   
 92,189 
    
    
   
 90,063 
    
    
   
 91,574 
    
    
   
 94,861 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Revenues less cost of operations 
    
 $ 
 60,398 
    
    
 $ 
 70,661 
    
    
 $ 
 77,493 
    
    
 $ 
 69,916 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 41,209 
    
    
 $ 
 46,008 
    
    
 $ 
 59,193 
    
    
 $ 
 49,486 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
    
 $ 
 37,340 
    
    
 $ 
 41,665 
    
    
 $ 
 54,228 
    
    
 $ 
 45,122 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per common share—basic 
    
 $ 
 0.32 
    
    
 $ 
 0.36 
    
    
 $ 
 0.47 
    
    
 $ 
 0.39 
    
 
   Earnings per common share—diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.32 
    
    
 $ 
 0.36 
    
    
 $ 
 0.47 
    
    
 $ 
 0.39 
    
     

 
 
 24. 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
  Subsequent to year end the Company has purchased 16 stores for a total of $144,573. This includes the buyout of a joint venture
partner’s interest in six stores at the value of the JV partner’s interest. These stores are located in Florida, Maryland, New Mexico, New York, Nevada, Tennessee and Texas.  
 Subsequent to year end, the Company sold 831,300 shares of common stock at an average sale price of $89.66 per share, resulting in net proceeds of $73,785.
   Subsequent to year end, the Company repurchased $19,639 principal amount of the 2013 Notes and issued 130,909 shares of common stock for the value in
excess of the principal amount.  

      98  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation    (Dollars in thousands)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   08/23/2010 
   
 Auburn / Dean Rd 
   
   
 AL 
    
   
 $ 
 4,605 
    
   
 $ 
 324 
    
   
 $ 
 1,895 
    
   
 $ 
 135 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 325 
    
   
 $ 
 2,029 
    
   
 $ 
 2,354 
    
   
 $ 
 336 
    
 
   08/23/2010 
   
 Auburn / Opelika Rd 
   
   
 AL 
    
   
   
 1,787 
    
   
   
 92 
    
   
   
 138 
    
   
   
 177 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 92 
    
   
   
 315 
    
   
   
 407 
    
   
   
 101 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Birmingham / Grace Baker Rd 
   
   
 AL 
    
   
   
 4,506 
    
   
   
 790 
    
   
   
 9,369 
    
   
   
 148 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 790 
    
   
   
 9,517 
    
   
   
 10,307 
    
   
   
 850 
    
 
   03/20/2014 
   
 Birmingham / Lorna Rd 
   
   
 AL 
    
   
   
 7,382 
    
   
   
 2,381 
    
   
   
 11,224 
    
   
   
 105 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,381 
    
   
   
 11,329 
    
   
   
 13,710 
    
   
   
 523 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Daphne 
   
   
 AL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 970 
    
   
   
 4,182 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 970 
    
   
   
 4,210 
    
   
   
 5,180 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
   08/31/2007 
   
 Hoover 
   
   
 AL 
    
   
   
 4,055 
    
   
   
 1,313 
    
   
   
 2,858 
    
   
   
 701 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,313 
    
   
   
 3,559 
    
   
   
 4,872 
    
   
   
 1,159 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Montgomery / Carmichael Rd 
   
   
 AL 
    
   
   
 4,852 
    
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 9,048 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 9,050 
    
   
   
 9,590 
    
   
   
 58 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Montgomery / Monticello Dr 
   
   
 AL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,280 
    
   
   
 4,056 
    
   
   
 31 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,280 
    
   
   
 4,087 
    
   
   
 5,367 
    
   
   
 26 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Chandler / W Chandler Blvd 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 950 
    
   
   
 3,707 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 950 
    
   
   
 3,723 
    
   
   
 4,673 
    
   
   
 24 
    
 
   07/25/2013 
   
 Chandler / W Elliot Rd 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 4,169 
    
   
   
 547 
    
   
   
 4,213 
    
   
   
 194 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 547 
    
   
   
 4,407 
    
   
   
 4,954 
    
   
   
 305 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Glendale 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 608 
    
   
   
 8,461 
    
   
   
 241 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 608 
    
   
   
 8,702 
    
   
   
 9,310 
    
   
   
 160 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Mesa / E Guadalupe Rd 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,350 
    
   
   
 6,290 
    
   
   
 105 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,350 
    
   
   
 6,395 
    
   
   
 7,745 
    
   
   
 41 
    
 
   12/27/2012 
   
 Mesa / E Southern Ave 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 5,435 
    
   
   
 2,973 
    
   
   
 5,545 
    
   
   
 343 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,973 
    
   
   
 5,888 
    
   
   
 8,861 
    
   
   
 482 
    
 
   08/18/2004 
   
 Mesa / Madero Ave 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 3,153 
    
   
   
 849 
    
   
   
 2,547 
    
   
   
 222 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 849 
    
   
   
 2,769 
    
   
   
 3,618 
    
   
   
 874 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Mesa / N. Alma School Rd 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 3,073 
    
   
   
 1,129 
    
   
   
 4,402 
    
   
   
 99 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,129 
    
   
   
 4,501 
    
   
   
 5,630 
    
   
   
 408 
    
 
   07/25/2013 
   
 Mesa / Southern Ave 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 4,113 
    
   
   
 1,453 
    
   
   
 2,897 
    
   
   
 166 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,453 
    
   
   
 3,063 
    
   
   
 4,516 
    
   
   
 207 
    
 
   04/01/2006 
   
 Peoria / 75th Ave 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 4,459 
    
   
   
 652 
    
   
   
 4,105 
    
   
   
 162 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 652 
    
   
   
 4,267 
    
   
   
 4,919 
    
   
   
 1,099 
    
 
   01/31/2011 
   
 Peoria / W Beardsley Rd 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,060 
    
   
   
 4,731 
    
   
   
 34 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,060 
    
   
   
 4,765 
    
   
   
 5,825 
    
   
   
 615 
    
 
   01/02/2007 
   
 Phoenix / E Greenway Pkwy 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 669 
    
   
   
 4,135 
    
   
   
 485 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 668 
    
   
   
 4,621 
    
   
   
 5,289 
    
   
   
 1,135 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Phoenix / East Bell Rd 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,441 
    
   
   
 7,982 
    
   
   
 699 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,441 
    
   
   
 8,681 
    
   
   
 10,122 
    
   
   
 2,590 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Phoenix / Missouri Ave 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 470 
    
   
   
 1,702 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 470 
    
   
   
 1,711 
    
   
   
 2,181 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Phoenix / N 32nd St 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 6,897 
    
   
   
 2,257 
    
   
   
 7,820 
    
   
   
 198 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,257 
    
   
   
 8,018 
    
   
   
 10,275 
    
   
   
 656 
    
 
   06/30/2006 
   
 Phoenix / N Cave Creek Rd 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 3,265 
    
   
   
 552 
    
   
   
 3,530 
    
   
   
 273 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 551 
    
   
   
 3,804 
    
   
   
 4,355 
    
   
   
 1,035 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Phoenix / Washington 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 2,995 
    
   
   
 1,200 
    
   
   
 3,767 
    
   
   
 58 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,200 
    
   
   
 3,825 
    
   
   
 5,025 
    
   
   
 24 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Tempe / S Priest Dr 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 850 
    
   
   
 3,283 
    
   
   
 21 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 850 
    
   
   
 3,304 
    
   
   
 4,154 
    
   
   
 21 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Tempe / W Broadway Rd 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 2,566 
    
   
   
 1,040 
    
   
   
 3,562 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,040 
    
   
   
 3,656 
    
   
   
 4,696 
    
   
   
 24 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Tucson 
   
   
 AZ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,090 
    
   
   
 7,845 
    
   
   
 115 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,090 
    
   
   
 7,960 
    
   
   
 9,050 
    
   
   
 648 
    
 
   06/25/2007 
   
 Alameda 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,919 
    
   
   
 12,984 
    
   
   
 2,123 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,919 
    
   
   
 15,107 
    
   
   
 18,026 
    
   
   
 4,103 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Alhambra 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,109 
    
   
   
 6,065 
    
   
   
 351 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,109 
    
   
   
 6,416 
    
   
   
 16,525 
    
   
   
 400 
    
 
   04/25/2014 
   
 Anaheim / Old Canal Rd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 10,216 
    
   
   
 2,765 
    
   
   
 12,680 
    
   
   
 158 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,765 
    
   
   
 12,838 
    
   
   
 15,603 
    
   
   
 572 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Anaheim / S Adams St 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 7,156 
    
   
   
 3,593 
    
   
   
 3,330 
    
   
   
 224 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,593 
    
   
   
 3,554 
    
   
   
 7,147 
    
   
   
 238 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Anaheim / S State College Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,538 
    
   
   
 2,519 
    
   
   
 2,886 
    
   
   
 215 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,519 
    
   
   
 3,101 
    
   
   
 5,620 
    
   
   
 209 
    
 
   07/01/2008 
   
 Antelope 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,000 
    
   
   
 1,525 
    
   
   
 8,345 
    
   
   
 (267 
 )  
   
   
 (a 
 )  
   
   
 1,185 
    
   
   
 8,418 
    
   
   
 9,603 
    
   
   
 1,589 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Bellflower 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 1,230 
    
   
   
 640 
    
   
   
 1,350 
    
   
   
 98 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 639 
    
   
   
 1,449 
    
   
   
 2,088 
    
   
   
 167 
    
 
   05/15/2007 
   
 Belmont 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,500 
    
   
   
 7,280 
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,500 
    
   
   
 7,361 
    
   
   
 10,861 
    
   
   
 1,602 
    
 
   06/25/2007 
   
 Berkeley 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 20,811 
    
   
   
 1,716 
    
   
   
 19,602 
    
   
   
 1,998 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,715 
    
   
   
 21,601 
    
   
   
 23,316 
    
   
   
 5,142 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Bloomington / Bloomington Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,765 
    
   
   
 934 
    
   
   
 1,937 
    
   
   
 171 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 934 
    
   
   
 2,108 
    
   
   
 3,042 
    
   
   
 304 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Bloomington / Linden Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 647 
    
   
   
 1,303 
    
   
   
 186 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 647 
    
   
   
 1,489 
    
   
   
 2,136 
    
   
   
 205 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Burbank / Thornton Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,061 
    
   
   
 5,318 
    
   
   
 289 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,061 
    
   
   
 5,607 
    
   
   
 9,668 
    
   
   
 360 
    
 
   08/10/2000 
   
 Burbank / W Verdugo Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 13,003 
    
   
   
 3,199 
    
   
   
 5,082 
    
   
   
 2,027 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,619 
    
   
   
 6,689 
    
   
   
 10,308 
    
   
   
 2,676 
    
      99  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   04/08/2011 
   
 Burlingame 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 5,213 
    
   
   
 2,211 
    
   
   
 5,829 
    
   
   
 142 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,211 
    
   
   
 5,971 
    
   
   
 8,182 
    
   
   
 753 
    
 
   03/14/2011 
   
 Carson 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,709 
    
   
   
 102 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,811 
    
   
   
 9,811 
    
   
   
 1,215 
    
 
   06/25/2007 
   
 Castro Valley 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,346 
    
   
   
 455 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,801 
    
   
   
 6,801 
    
   
   
 1,504 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Cerritos 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 16,707 
    
   
   
 8,728 
    
   
   
 15,895 
    
   
   
 2,685 
    
   
 
   
   
 8,728 
    
   
   
 18,580 
    
   
   
 27,308 
    
   
   
 1,951 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Chatsworth 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,922 
    
   
   
 7,599 
    
   
   
 408 
    
   
 
   
   
 9,922 
    
   
   
 8,007 
    
   
   
 17,929 
    
   
   
 1,317 
    
 
   06/01/2004 
   
 Claremont / South Mills Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,949 
    
   
   
 1,472 
    
   
   
 2,012 
    
   
   
 273 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,472 
    
   
   
 2,285 
    
   
   
 3,757 
    
   
   
 762 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Claremont / W Arrow Hwy 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,415 
    
   
   
 1,375 
    
   
   
 1,434 
    
   
   
 212 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,375 
    
   
   
 1,646 
    
   
   
 3,021 
    
   
   
 206 
    
 
   06/25/2007 
   
 Colma 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 23,788 
    
   
   
 3,947 
    
   
   
 22,002 
    
   
   
 2,340 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,947 
    
   
   
 24,342 
    
   
   
 28,289 
    
   
   
 6,005 
    
 
   09/01/2008 
   
 Compton 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,572 
    
   
   
 1,426 
    
   
   
 7,582 
    
   
   
 57 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,426 
    
   
   
 7,639 
    
   
   
 9,065 
    
   
   
 1,442 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Concord 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 5,226 
    
   
   
 3,082 
    
   
   
 2,822 
    
   
   
 249 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,082 
    
   
   
 3,071 
    
   
   
 6,153 
    
   
   
 194 
    
 
   09/21/2009 
   
 El Cajon 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,100 
    
   
   
 6,380 
    
   
   
 108 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,100 
    
   
   
 6,488 
    
   
   
 7,588 
    
   
   
 1,050 
    
 
   06/25/2007 
   
 El Sobrante 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,209 
    
   
   
 4,018 
    
   
   
 1,562 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,209 
    
   
   
 5,580 
    
   
   
 6,789 
    
   
   
 1,565 
    
 
   12/02/2013 
   
 Elk Grove / Power Inn Rd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 5,657 
    
   
   
 894 
    
   
   
 6,949 
    
   
   
 83 
    
   
 
   
   
 894 
    
   
   
 7,032 
    
   
   
 7,926 
    
   
   
 371 
    
 
   12/02/2013 
   
 Elk Grove / Stockton Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,675 
    
   
   
 640 
    
   
   
 8,640 
    
   
   
 57 
    
   
 
   
   
 640 
    
   
   
 8,697 
    
   
   
 9,337 
    
   
   
 458 
    
 
   05/01/2010 
   
 Emeryville 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,024 
    
   
   
 11,321 
    
   
   
 171 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,024 
    
   
   
 11,492 
    
   
   
 14,516 
    
   
   
 1,669 
    
 
   12/02/2013 
   
 Fair Oaks 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,209 
    
   
   
 644 
    
   
   
 11,287 
    
   
   
 63 
    
   
 
   
   
 644 
    
   
   
 11,350 
    
   
   
 11,994 
    
   
   
 592 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Fontana / Baseline Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,774 
    
   
   
 778 
    
   
   
 4,723 
    
   
   
 134 
    
   
 
   
   
 777 
    
   
   
 4,858 
    
   
   
 5,635 
    
   
   
 569 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Fontana / Foothill Blvd 1 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 768 
    
   
   
 4,208 
    
   
   
 226 
    
   
 
   
   
 768 
    
   
   
 4,434 
    
   
   
 5,202 
    
   
   
 513 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Fontana / Foothill Blvd 2 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 684 
    
   
   
 3,951 
    
   
   
 241 
    
   
 
   
   
 684 
    
   
   
 4,192 
    
   
   
 4,876 
    
   
   
 486 
    
 
   09/15/2002 
   
 Fontana / Valley Blvd 1 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,095 
    
   
   
 961 
    
   
   
 3,846 
    
   
   
 456 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,000 
    
   
   
 4,263 
    
   
   
 5,263 
    
   
   
 1,514 
    
 
   10/15/2003 
   
 Fontana / Valley Blvd 2 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 5,524 
    
   
   
 1,246 
    
   
   
 3,356 
    
   
   
 515 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,300 
    
   
   
 3,817 
    
   
   
 5,117 
    
   
   
 1,240 
    
 
   06/01/2004 
   
 Gardena 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,710 
    
   
   
 6,271 
    
   
   
 2,263 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,110 
    
   
   
 8,134 
    
   
   
 12,244 
    
   
   
 2,363 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Gilroy 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 8,207 
    
   
   
 1,140 
    
   
   
 14,265 
    
   
   
 126 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,140 
    
   
   
 14,391 
    
   
   
 15,531 
    
   
   
 92 
    
 
   06/01/2004 
   
 Glendale 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,084 
    
   
   
 253 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,337 
    
   
   
 6,337 
    
   
   
 1,984 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Hawaiian Gardens 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 9,178 
    
   
   
 2,964 
    
   
   
 12,478 
    
   
   
 209 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,964 
    
   
   
 12,687 
    
   
   
 15,651 
    
   
   
 1,196 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Hawthorne / La Cienega Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 11,981 
    
   
   
 2,500 
    
   
   
 18,562 
    
   
   
 75 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,500 
    
   
   
 18,637 
    
   
   
 21,137 
    
   
   
 120 
    
 
   06/01/2004 
   
 Hawthorne / Rosselle Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,743 
    
   
   
 1,532 
    
   
   
 3,871 
    
   
   
 267 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,532 
    
   
   
 4,138 
    
   
   
 5,670 
    
   
   
 1,339 
    
 
   06/26/2007 
   
 Hayward 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 8,329 
    
   
   
 3,149 
    
   
   
 8,006 
    
   
   
 3,148 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,148 
    
   
   
 11,155 
    
   
   
 14,303 
    
   
   
 3,020 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Hemet 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,085 
    
   
   
 1,146 
    
   
   
 6,369 
    
   
   
 350 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,146 
    
   
   
 6,719 
    
   
   
 7,865 
    
   
   
 1,937 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Hesperia 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 156 
    
   
   
 430 
    
   
   
 174 
    
   
 
   
   
 156 
    
   
   
 604 
    
   
   
 760 
    
   
   
 110 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Hollywood 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 9,793 
    
   
   
 4,555 
    
   
   
 10,590 
    
   
   
 112 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,555 
    
   
   
 10,702 
    
   
   
 15,257 
    
   
   
 962 
    
 
   08/10/2000 
   
 Inglewood 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 5,638 
    
   
   
 1,379 
    
   
   
 3,343 
    
   
   
 974 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,530 
    
   
   
 4,166 
    
   
   
 5,696 
    
   
   
 1,805 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Irvine 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,919 
    
   
   
 3,821 
    
   
   
 3,999 
    
   
   
 142 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,821 
    
   
   
 4,141 
    
   
   
 7,962 
    
   
   
 472 
    
 
   05/28/2014 
   
 La Quinta 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 13,025 
    
   
   
 4,706 
    
   
   
 12,604 
    
   
   
 145 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,706 
    
   
   
 12,749 
    
   
   
 17,455 
    
   
   
 545 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Ladera Ranch 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,440 
    
   
   
 24,500 
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
 
   
   
 6,440 
    
   
   
 24,515 
    
   
   
 30,955 
    
   
   
 157 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Lake Elsinore / Central Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,134 
    
   
   
 587 
    
   
   
 4,219 
    
   
   
 229 
    
   
 
   
   
 587 
    
   
   
 4,448 
    
   
   
 5,035 
    
   
   
 513 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Lake Elsinore / Collier Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 294 
    
   
   
 2,105 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
 
   
   
 294 
    
   
   
 2,209 
    
   
   
 2,503 
    
   
   
 261 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Lake Forest 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 17,974 
    
   
   
 15,093 
    
   
   
 18,895 
    
   
   
 37 
    
   
 
   
   
 15,093 
    
   
   
 18,932 
    
   
   
 34,025 
    
   
   
 121 
    
 
   10/17/2009 
   
 Lancaster / 23rd St W 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,425 
    
   
   
 5,855 
    
   
   
 102 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,425 
    
   
   
 5,957 
    
   
   
 7,382 
    
   
   
 944 
    
 
   07/28/2006 
   
 Lancaster / West Ave J-8 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 5,543 
    
   
   
 1,347 
    
   
   
 5,827 
    
   
   
 303 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,348 
    
   
   
 6,129 
    
   
   
 7,477 
    
   
   
 1,605 
    
      100  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   06/01/2004 
   
 Livermore 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,134 
    
   
   
 4,615 
    
   
   
 276 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,134 
    
   
   
 4,891 
    
   
   
 6,025 
    
   
   
 1,531 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Long Beach / E Artesia Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,659 
    
   
   
 1,772 
    
   
   
 2,539 
    
   
   
 300 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,772 
    
   
   
 2,839 
    
   
   
 4,611 
    
   
   
 332 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Long Beach / E Wardlow Rd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 13,179 
    
   
   
 6,340 
    
   
   
 17,050 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
 
   
   
 6,340 
    
   
   
 17,073 
    
   
   
 23,413 
    
   
   
 109 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Long Beach / W Wardlow Rd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,859 
    
   
   
 4,992 
    
   
   
 45 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,859 
    
   
   
 5,037 
    
   
   
 10,896 
    
   
   
 913 
    
 
   03/23/2000 
   
 Los Angeles / Casitas Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 8,661 
    
   
   
 1,431 
    
   
   
 2,976 
    
   
   
 766 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,611 
    
   
   
 3,562 
    
   
   
 5,173 
    
   
   
 1,464 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Los Angeles / Fountain Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,994 
    
   
   
 3,099 
    
   
   
 4,889 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,099 
    
   
   
 4,993 
    
   
   
 8,092 
    
   
   
 458 
    
 
   12/31/2007 
   
 Los Angeles / La Cienega 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 9,887 
    
   
   
 3,991 
    
   
   
 9,774 
    
   
   
 116 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,992 
    
   
   
 9,889 
    
   
   
 13,881 
    
   
   
 2,049 
    
 
   09/01/2008 
   
 Los Angeles / S Central Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 8,162 
    
   
   
 2,200 
    
   
   
 8,108 
    
   
   
 72 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,200 
    
   
   
 8,180 
    
   
   
 10,380 
    
   
   
 1,548 
    
 
   12/02/2013 
   
 Los Angeles / S Western Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 1,434 
    
   
   
 287 
    
   
   
 2,011 
    
   
   
 367 
    
   
 
   
   
 287 
    
   
   
 2,378 
    
   
   
 2,665 
    
   
   
 151 
    
 
   04/25/2014 
   
 Los Angeles / Slauson Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 7,380 
    
   
   
 2,400 
    
   
   
 8,605 
    
   
   
 305 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,401 
    
   
   
 8,909 
    
   
   
 11,310 
    
   
   
 401 
    
 
   07/17/2012 
   
 Los Gatos 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,550 
    
   
   
 8,257 
    
   
   
 66 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,550 
    
   
   
 8,323 
    
   
   
 10,873 
    
   
   
 835 
    
 
   01/01/2004 
   
 Manteca 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,574 
    
   
   
 848 
    
   
   
 2,543 
    
   
   
 196 
    
   
 
   
   
 848 
    
   
   
 2,739 
    
   
   
 3,587 
    
   
   
 882 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Marina Del Rey 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,928 
    
   
   
 18,742 
    
   
   
 246 
    
   
 
   
   
 19,928 
    
   
   
 18,988 
    
   
   
 38,916 
    
   
   
 2,615 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Menlo Park 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 9,562 
    
   
   
 7,675 
    
   
   
 1,812 
    
   
   
 256 
    
   
 
   
   
 7,675 
    
   
   
 2,068 
    
   
   
 9,743 
    
   
   
 136 
    
 
   06/01/2007 
   
 Modesto / Crows Landing 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,294 
    
   
   
 909 
    
   
   
 3,043 
    
   
   
 296 
    
   
 
   
   
 909 
    
   
   
 3,339 
    
   
   
 4,248 
    
   
   
 843 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Modesto / Sylvan Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,258 
    
   
   
 1,647 
    
   
   
 4,215 
    
   
   
 201 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,647 
    
   
   
 4,416 
    
   
   
 6,063 
    
   
   
 272 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Moreno Valley 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,048 
    
   
   
 482 
    
   
   
 3,484 
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
 
   
   
 482 
    
   
   
 3,531 
    
   
   
 4,013 
    
   
   
 322 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Morgan Hill 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 7,278 
    
   
   
 1,760 
    
   
   
 11,772 
    
   
   
 59 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,760 
    
   
   
 11,831 
    
   
   
 13,591 
    
   
   
 75 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 North Highlands 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 799 
    
   
   
 2,801 
    
   
   
 97 
    
   
 
   
   
 799 
    
   
   
 2,898 
    
   
   
 3,697 
    
   
   
 469 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 North Hollywood / Coldwater Canyon 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,501 
    
   
   
 4,465 
    
   
   
 373 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,501 
    
   
   
 4,838 
    
   
   
 9,339 
    
   
   
 312 
    
 
   05/01/2006 
   
 North Hollywood / Van Owen 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,659 
    
   
   
 3,125 
    
   
   
 9,257 
    
   
   
 244 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,125 
    
   
   
 9,501 
    
   
   
 12,626 
    
   
   
 2,361 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Northridge 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,614 
    
   
   
 3,641 
    
   
   
 2,872 
    
   
   
 293 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,641 
    
   
   
 3,165 
    
   
   
 6,806 
    
   
   
 216 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Oakland / 29th Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 10,149 
    
   
   
 6,359 
    
   
   
 5,753 
    
   
   
 273 
    
   
 
   
   
 6,359 
    
   
   
 6,026 
    
   
   
 12,385 
    
   
   
 382 
    
 
   04/24/2000 
   
 Oakland / Fallon St 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,104 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,777 
    
   
   
 1,138 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,915 
    
   
   
 4,915 
    
   
   
 2,053 
    
 
   12/02/2013 
   
 Oakland / San Leandro St 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 7,719 
    
   
   
 1,668 
    
   
   
 7,652 
    
   
   
 286 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,668 
    
   
   
 7,938 
    
   
   
 9,606 
    
   
   
 427 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Oceanside / Oceanside Blvd 1 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,241 
    
   
   
 11,361 
    
   
   
 890 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,241 
    
   
   
 12,251 
    
   
   
 15,492 
    
   
   
 3,583 
    
 
   12/09/2014 
   
 Oceanside / Oceanside Blvd 2 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,050 
    
   
   
 4,508 
    
   
   
 4,599 
    
   
   
 49 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,508 
    
   
   
 4,648 
    
   
   
 9,156 
    
   
   
 124 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Orange 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 12,124 
    
   
   
 4,847 
    
   
   
 12,341 
    
   
   
 312 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,847 
    
   
   
 12,653 
    
   
   
 17,500 
    
   
   
 1,048 
    
 
   12/02/2013 
   
 Oxnard 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 8,571 
    
   
   
 5,421 
    
   
   
 6,761 
    
   
   
 331 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,421 
    
   
   
 7,092 
    
   
   
 12,513 
    
   
   
 380 
    
 
   08/01/2009 
   
 Pacoima 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,166 
    
   
   
 3,050 
    
   
   
 7,597 
    
   
   
 101 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,050 
    
   
   
 7,698 
    
   
   
 10,748 
    
   
   
 1,262 
    
 
   01/01/2005 
   
 Palmdale 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,602 
    
   
   
 1,225 
    
   
   
 5,379 
    
   
   
 2,233 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,225 
    
   
   
 7,612 
    
   
   
 8,837 
    
   
   
 2,151 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Paramount 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,559 
    
   
   
 1,404 
    
   
   
 2,549 
    
   
   
 207 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,404 
    
   
   
 2,756 
    
   
   
 4,160 
    
   
   
 331 
    
 
   08/31/2000 
   
 Pico Rivera / Beverly Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,150 
    
   
   
 3,450 
    
   
   
 234 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,150 
    
   
   
 3,684 
    
   
   
 4,834 
    
   
   
 1,373 
    
 
   03/04/2014 
   
 Pico Rivera / San Gabriel River Pkwy 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,445 
    
   
   
 2,150 
    
   
   
 4,734 
    
   
   
 43 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,150 
    
   
   
 4,777 
    
   
   
 6,927 
    
   
   
 220 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Placentia 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,647 
    
   
   
 4,798 
    
   
   
 5,483 
    
   
   
 288 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,798 
    
   
   
 5,771 
    
   
   
 10,569 
    
   
   
 658 
    
 
   05/24/2007 
   
 Pleasanton 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 7,267 
    
   
   
 1,208 
    
   
   
 4,283 
    
   
   
 449 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,208 
    
   
   
 4,732 
    
   
   
 5,940 
    
   
   
 1,265 
    
 
   06/01/2004 
   
 Richmond / Lakeside Dr 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,796 
    
   
   
 953 
    
   
   
 4,635 
    
   
   
 629 
    
   
 
   
   
 953 
    
   
   
 5,264 
    
   
   
 6,217 
    
   
   
 1,745 
    
 
   09/26/2013 
   
 Richmond / Meeker Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,139 
    
   
   
 7,437 
    
   
   
 225 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,139 
    
   
   
 7,662 
    
   
   
 10,801 
    
   
   
 469 
    
 
   08/18/2004 
   
 Riverside 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,801 
    
   
   
 1,075 
    
   
   
 4,042 
    
   
   
 554 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,075 
    
   
   
 4,596 
    
   
   
 5,671 
    
   
   
 1,502 
    
 
   12/02/2013 
   
 Rocklin 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,394 
    
   
   
 1,745 
    
   
   
 8,005 
    
   
   
 58 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,745 
    
   
   
 8,063 
    
   
   
 9,808 
    
   
   
 425 
    
      101  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Rohnert Park 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,389 
    
   
   
 990 
    
   
   
 8,094 
    
   
   
 163 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 990 
    
   
   
 8,257 
    
   
   
 9,247 
    
   
   
 449 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Sacramento / Auburn Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 852 
    
   
   
 4,720 
    
   
   
 750 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 852 
    
   
   
 5,470 
    
   
   
 6,322 
    
   
   
 1,611 
    
 
   03/31/2015 
   
 Sacramento / B Street 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 7,611 
    
   
   
 1,025 
    
   
   
 11,479 
    
   
   
 429 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,025 
    
   
   
 11,908 
    
   
   
 12,933 
    
   
   
 241 
    
 
   10/01/2010 
   
 Sacramento / Franklin Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,988 
    
   
   
 1,738 
    
   
   
 5,522 
    
   
   
 118 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,844 
    
   
   
 5,534 
    
   
   
 7,378 
    
   
   
 767 
    
 
   12/31/2007 
   
 Sacramento / Stockton Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,836 
    
   
   
 952 
    
   
   
 6,936 
    
   
   
 462 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,075 
    
   
   
 7,275 
    
   
   
 8,350 
    
   
   
 998 
    
 
   06/01/2006 
   
 San Bernardino / Sterling Ave. 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 5,135 
    
   
   
 160 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 5,295 
    
   
   
 6,045 
    
   
   
 1,259 
    
 
   06/01/2004 
   
 San Bernardino / W Club Center Dr 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,213 
    
   
   
 3,061 
    
   
   
 138 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,173 
    
   
   
 3,239 
    
   
   
 4,412 
    
   
   
 1,026 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 San Diego / Cedar St 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 13,188 
    
   
   
 5,919 
    
   
   
 6,729 
    
   
   
 448 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,919 
    
   
   
 7,177 
    
   
   
 13,096 
    
   
   
 443 
    
 
   12/11/2015 
   
 San Diego / Del Sol Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,679 
    
   
   
 7,029 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,679 
    
   
   
 7,034 
    
   
   
 9,713 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 San Dimas 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 5,318 
    
   
   
 1,867 
    
   
   
 6,354 
    
   
   
 266 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,867 
    
   
   
 6,620 
    
   
   
 8,487 
    
   
   
 752 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 San Francisco / Egbert Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 10,636 
    
   
   
 5,098 
    
   
   
 4,054 
    
   
   
 261 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,098 
    
   
   
 4,315 
    
   
   
 9,413 
    
   
   
 275 
    
 
   06/14/2007 
   
 San Francisco / Folsom 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 18,102 
    
   
   
 8,457 
    
   
   
 9,928 
    
   
   
 1,837 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8,457 
    
   
   
 11,765 
    
   
   
 20,222 
    
   
   
 3,124 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 San Francisco / Otis Street 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,460 
    
   
   
 18,741 
    
   
   
 101 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,460 
    
   
   
 18,842 
    
   
   
 24,302 
    
   
   
 121 
    
 
   07/26/2012 
   
 San Jose / Charter Park Dr 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,652 
    
   
   
 2,428 
    
   
   
 2,323 
    
   
   
 260 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,428 
    
   
   
 2,583 
    
   
   
 5,011 
    
   
   
 272 
    
 
   09/01/2009 
   
 San Jose / N 10th St 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 10,784 
    
   
   
 5,340 
    
   
   
 6,821 
    
   
   
 287 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,340 
    
   
   
 7,108 
    
   
   
 12,448 
    
   
   
 1,142 
    
 
   08/01/2007 
   
 San Leandro / Doolittle Dr 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 15,102 
    
   
   
 4,601 
    
   
   
 9,777 
    
   
   
 3,422 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,601 
    
   
   
 13,199 
    
   
   
 17,800 
    
   
   
 3,345 
    
 
   10/01/2010 
   
 San Leandro / Washington Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,343 
    
   
   
 6,630 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (f 
 )  
   
   
 3,291 
    
   
   
 6,678 
    
   
   
 9,969 
    
   
   
 913 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 San Lorenzo 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,784 
    
   
   
 108 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,892 
    
   
   
 8,892 
    
   
   
 57 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 San Ramon 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,819 
    
   
   
 5,819 
    
   
   
 272 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,819 
    
   
   
 6,091 
    
   
   
 10,910 
    
   
   
 375 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Santa Ana 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,139 
    
   
   
 3,485 
    
   
   
 2,382 
    
   
   
 233 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,485 
    
   
   
 2,615 
    
   
   
 6,100 
    
   
   
 179 
    
 
   07/30/2009 
   
 Santa Clara 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 7,914 
    
   
   
 4,750 
    
   
   
 8,218 
    
   
   
 34 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,750 
    
   
   
 8,252 
    
   
   
 13,002 
    
   
   
 1,343 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Santa Cruz 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 8,357 
    
   
   
 1,588 
    
   
   
 11,160 
    
   
   
 123 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,588 
    
   
   
 11,283 
    
   
   
 12,871 
    
   
   
 1,010 
    
 
   10/04/2007 
   
 Santa Fe Springs 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,334 
    
   
   
 3,617 
    
   
   
 7,022 
    
   
   
 368 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,617 
    
   
   
 7,390 
    
   
   
 11,007 
    
   
   
 1,712 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Santa Maria / Farnel Rd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,908 
    
   
   
 1,556 
    
   
   
 2,740 
    
   
   
 462 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,556 
    
   
   
 3,202 
    
   
   
 4,758 
    
   
   
 389 
    
 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Santa Maria / Skyway Dr 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,141 
    
   
   
 1,310 
    
   
   
 3,526 
    
   
   
 109 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,309 
    
   
   
 3,636 
    
   
   
 4,945 
    
   
   
 412 
    
 
   08/31/2004 
   
 Sherman Oaks 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 16,279 
    
   
   
 4,051 
    
   
   
 12,152 
    
   
   
 603 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,051 
    
   
   
 12,755 
    
   
   
 16,806 
    
   
   
 3,763 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Stanton 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,895 
    
   
   
 5,022 
    
   
   
 2,267 
    
   
   
 220 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,022 
    
   
   
 2,487 
    
   
   
 7,509 
    
   
   
 179 
    
 
   05/19/2002 
   
 Stockton / Jamestown 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,364 
    
   
   
 649 
    
   
   
 3,272 
    
   
   
 243 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 649 
    
   
   
 3,515 
    
   
   
 4,164 
    
   
   
 1,273 
    
 
   12/02/2013 
   
 Stockton / Pacific Ave 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,619 
    
   
   
 2,443 
    
   
   
 82 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,619 
    
   
   
 2,525 
    
   
   
 6,144 
    
   
   
 139 
    
 
   04/25/2014 
   
 Sunland 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 4,968 
    
   
   
 1,688 
    
   
   
 6,381 
    
   
   
 71 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,688 
    
   
   
 6,452 
    
   
   
 8,140 
    
   
   
 289 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Sunnyvale 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,732 
    
   
   
 5,004 
    
   
   
 243 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,732 
    
   
   
 5,247 
    
   
   
 15,979 
    
   
   
 327 
    
 
   05/02/2008 
   
 Sylmar 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 6,278 
    
   
   
 3,058 
    
   
   
 4,671 
    
   
   
 277 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,058 
    
   
   
 4,948 
    
   
   
 8,006 
    
   
   
 1,112 
    
 
   02/28/2013 
   
 Thousand Oaks 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 10,883 
    
   
   
 4,500 
    
   
   
 8,834 
    
   
   
 (964 
 )  
   
   
 (d 
 )  
   
   
 3,500 
    
   
   
 8,870 
    
   
   
 12,370 
    
   
   
 123 
    
 
   07/15/2003 
   
 Tracy / E 11th St 1 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 5,260 
    
   
   
 778 
    
   
   
 2,638 
    
   
   
 789 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 911 
    
   
   
 3,294 
    
   
   
 4,205 
    
   
   
 1,093 
    
 
   04/01/2004 
   
 Tracy / E 11th St 2 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,035 
    
   
   
 946 
    
   
   
 1,937 
    
   
   
 303 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 946 
    
   
   
 2,240 
    
   
   
 3,186 
    
   
   
 815 
    
 
   06/25/2007 
   
 Vallejo / Sonoma Blvd 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 2,847 
    
   
   
 1,177 
    
   
   
 2,157 
    
   
   
 1,077 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,177 
    
   
   
 3,234 
    
   
   
 4,411 
    
   
   
 1,065 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Vallejo / Tennessee St 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 8,596 
    
   
   
 2,640 
    
   
   
 13,870 
    
   
   
 123 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,640 
    
   
   
 13,993 
    
   
   
 16,633 
    
   
   
 89 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Van Nuys 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,939 
    
   
   
 2,576 
    
   
   
 343 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7,939 
    
   
   
 2,919 
    
   
   
 10,858 
    
   
   
 206 
    
 
   08/31/2004 
   
 Venice 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,803 
    
   
   
 8,410 
    
   
   
 (3,057 
 )  
   
   
 (b 
 )  
   
   
 2,803 
    
   
   
 5,353 
    
   
   
 8,156 
    
   
   
 1,443 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Ventura 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,453 
    
   
   
 2,837 
    
   
   
 223 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,453 
    
   
   
 3,060 
    
   
   
 6,513 
    
   
   
 209 
    
      102  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   10/19/2011 
   
 Victorville 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 151 
    
   
   
 751 
    
   
   
 161 
    
   
 
   
   
 151 
    
   
   
 912 
    
   
   
 1,063 
    
   
   
 131 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Watsonville 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,699 
    
   
   
 3,056 
    
   
   
 299 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,699 
    
   
   
 3,355 
    
   
   
 5,054 
    
   
   
 998 
    
 
   09/01/2009 
   
 West Sacramento 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,400 
    
   
   
 7,425 
    
   
   
 111 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,400 
    
   
   
 7,536 
    
   
   
 9,936 
    
   
   
 1,232 
    
 
   06/19/2002 
   
 Whittier 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 3,257 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,985 
    
   
   
 205 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,190 
    
   
   
 3,190 
    
   
   
 1,140 
    
 
   08/29/2013 
   
 Wilmington 
   
   
 CA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,792 
    
   
   
 10,726 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
 
   
   
 6,792 
    
   
   
 10,751 
    
   
   
 17,543 
    
   
   
 636 
    
 
   09/15/2000 
   
 Arvada 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 1,753 
    
   
   
 286 
    
   
   
 1,521 
    
   
   
 703 
    
   
 
   
   
 286 
    
   
   
 2,224 
    
   
   
 2,510 
    
   
   
 1,097 
    
 
   05/25/2011 
   
 Castle Rock / Industrial Way 1 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 1,027 
    
   
   
 407 
    
   
   
 3,077 
    
   
   
 260 
    
   
 
   
   
 407 
    
   
   
 3,337 
    
   
   
 3,744 
    
   
   
 429 
    
 
   07/23/2015 
   
 Castle Rock / Industrial Way 2 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 531 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 531 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 531 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   06/10/2011 
   
 Colorado Springs / Austin Bluffs Pkwy 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 1,667 
    
   
   
 296 
    
   
   
 4,199 
    
   
   
 270 
    
   
 
   
   
 296 
    
   
   
 4,469 
    
   
   
 4,765 
    
   
   
 592 
    
 
   08/31/2007 
   
 Colorado Springs / Dublin Blvd 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 3,698 
    
   
   
 781 
    
   
   
 3,400 
    
   
   
 281 
    
   
 
   
   
 781 
    
   
   
 3,681 
    
   
   
 4,462 
    
   
   
 901 
    
 
   11/25/2008 
   
 Colorado Springs / S 8th St 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 3,875 
    
   
   
 1,525 
    
   
   
 4,310 
    
   
   
 418 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,525 
    
   
   
 4,728 
    
   
   
 6,253 
    
   
   
 957 
    
 
   10/24/2014 
   
 Colorado Springs / Stetson Hills Blvd 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 3,979 
    
   
   
 2,077 
    
   
   
 4,087 
    
   
   
 264 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,077 
    
   
   
 4,351 
    
   
   
 6,428 
    
   
   
 144 
    
 
   09/15/2000 
   
 Denver / E 40th Ave 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 2,482 
    
   
   
 602 
    
   
   
 2,052 
    
   
   
 1,527 
    
   
 
   
   
 745 
    
   
   
 3,436 
    
   
   
 4,181 
    
   
   
 1,396 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Denver / W 96th Ave 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 3,537 
    
   
   
 368 
    
   
   
 1,574 
    
   
   
 287 
    
   
 
   
   
 368 
    
   
   
 1,861 
    
   
   
 2,229 
    
   
   
 616 
    
 
   07/18/2012 
   
 Fort Carson 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,945 
    
   
   
 112 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,057 
    
   
   
 7,057 
    
   
   
 641 
    
 
   09/01/2006 
   
 Parker 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 4,531 
    
   
   
 800 
    
   
   
 4,549 
    
   
   
 816 
    
   
 
   
   
 800 
    
   
   
 5,365 
    
   
   
 6,165 
    
   
   
 1,512 
    
 
   09/15/2000 
   
 Thornton 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 2,718 
    
   
   
 212 
    
   
   
 2,044 
    
   
   
 1,151 
    
   
 
   
   
 248 
    
   
   
 3,159 
    
   
   
 3,407 
    
   
   
 1,414 
    
 
   09/15/2000 
   
 Westminster 
   
   
 CO 
    
   
   
 2,051 
    
   
   
 291 
    
   
   
 1,586 
    
   
   
 1,201 
    
   
 
   
   
 299 
    
   
   
 2,779 
    
   
   
 3,078 
    
   
   
 1,361 
    
 
   03/17/2014 
   
 Bridgeport 
   
   
 CT 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,072 
    
   
   
 14,028 
    
   
   
 132 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,072 
    
   
   
 14,160 
    
   
   
 15,232 
    
   
   
 654 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Brookfield 
   
   
 CT 
    
   
   
 5,010 
    
   
   
 991 
    
   
   
 7,891 
    
   
   
 126 
    
   
 
   
   
 991 
    
   
   
 8,017 
    
   
   
 9,008 
    
   
   
 740 
    
 
   01/15/2004 
   
 Groton 
   
   
 CT 
    
   
   
 5,112 
    
   
   
 1,277 
    
   
   
 3,992 
    
   
   
 444 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,276 
    
   
   
 4,437 
    
   
   
 5,713 
    
   
   
 1,550 
    
 
   12/31/2007 
   
 Middletown 
   
   
 CT 
    
   
   
 2,722 
    
   
   
 932 
    
   
   
 2,810 
    
   
   
 194 
    
   
 
   
   
 932 
    
   
   
 3,004 
    
   
   
 3,936 
    
   
   
 665 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Newington 
   
   
 CT 
    
   
   
 2,328 
    
   
   
 1,363 
    
   
   
 2,978 
    
   
   
 609 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,363 
    
   
   
 3,587 
    
   
   
 4,950 
    
   
   
 208 
    
 
   08/16/2002 
   
 Wethersfield 
   
   
 CT 
    
   
   
 6,667 
    
   
   
 709 
    
   
   
 4,205 
    
   
   
 228 
    
   
 
   
   
 709 
    
   
   
 4,433 
    
   
   
 5,142 
    
   
   
 1,576 
    
 
   11/19/2015 
   
 Apopka / Park Ave 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 613 
    
   
   
 5,228 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 613 
    
   
   
 5,228 
    
   
   
 5,841 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   11/19/2015 
   
 Apopka / Semoran Blvd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 888 
    
   
   
 5,737 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
 
   
   
 888 
    
   
   
 5,743 
    
   
   
 6,631 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   05/02/2012 
   
 Auburndale 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 1,244 
    
   
   
 470 
    
   
   
 1,076 
    
   
   
 152 
    
   
 
   
   
 470 
    
   
   
 1,228 
    
   
   
 1,698 
    
   
   
 139 
    
 
   07/15/2009 
   
 Bonita Springs 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,198 
    
   
   
 8,215 
    
   
   
 127 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,198 
    
   
   
 8,342 
    
   
   
 10,540 
    
   
   
 1,351 
    
 
   12/23/2014 
   
 Bradenton 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,333 
    
   
   
 3,677 
    
   
   
 565 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,333 
    
   
   
 4,242 
    
   
   
 5,575 
    
   
   
 114 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Brandon 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 4,537 
    
   
   
 1,327 
    
   
   
 5,656 
    
   
   
 174 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,327 
    
   
   
 5,830 
    
   
   
 7,157 
    
   
   
 489 
    
 
   06/19/2008 
   
 Coral Springs 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,109 
    
   
   
 3,638 
    
   
   
 6,590 
    
   
   
 278 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,638 
    
   
   
 6,868 
    
   
   
 10,506 
    
   
   
 1,468 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Davie 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 7,907 
    
   
   
 4,890 
    
   
   
 11,679 
    
   
   
 91 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,890 
    
   
   
 11,770 
    
   
   
 16,660 
    
   
   
 76 
    
 
   01/06/2006 
   
 Deland 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 2,736 
    
   
   
 1,318 
    
   
   
 3,971 
    
   
   
 348 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,318 
    
   
   
 4,319 
    
   
   
 5,637 
    
   
   
 1,172 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Fort Lauderdale / Commercial Blvd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 5,015 
    
   
   
 1,576 
    
   
   
 5,397 
    
   
   
 329 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,576 
    
   
   
 5,726 
    
   
   
 7,302 
    
   
   
 483 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Fort Lauderdale / NW 31st Ave 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 7,348 
    
   
   
 1,587 
    
   
   
 4,205 
    
   
   
 385 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,587 
    
   
   
 4,590 
    
   
   
 6,177 
    
   
   
 1,465 
    
 
   05/04/2011 
   
 Fort Lauderdale / S State Rd 7 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,963 
    
   
   
 2,750 
    
   
   
 7,002 
    
   
   
 561 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,750 
    
   
   
 7,563 
    
   
   
 10,313 
    
   
   
 955 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Fort Myers / Cypress Lake Dr 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,023 
    
   
   
 1,691 
    
   
   
 4,711 
    
   
   
 359 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,691 
    
   
   
 5,070 
    
   
   
 6,761 
    
   
   
 1,579 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Fort Myers / San Carlos Blvd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,985 
    
   
   
 4,983 
    
   
   
 615 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,985 
    
   
   
 5,598 
    
   
   
 7,583 
    
   
   
 1,675 
    
 
   03/08/2005 
   
 Greenacres 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 2,535 
    
   
   
 1,463 
    
   
   
 3,244 
    
   
   
 153 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,463 
    
   
   
 3,397 
    
   
   
 4,860 
    
   
   
 1,019 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Gulf Breeze / Gulf Breeze Pkwy 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 2,900 
    
   
   
 620 
    
   
   
 2,886 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
 
   
   
 620 
    
   
   
 2,900 
    
   
   
 3,520 
    
   
   
 18 
    
      103  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Gulf Breeze / McClure Dr 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,170 
    
   
   
 660 
    
   
   
 12,590 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 660 
    
   
   
 12,604 
    
   
   
 13,264 
    
   
   
 81 
    
 
   01/01/2010 
   
 Hialeah / E 65th Street 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 5,838 
    
   
   
 1,750 
    
   
   
 7,150 
    
   
   
 111 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,750 
    
   
   
 7,261 
    
   
   
 9,011 
    
   
   
 1,129 
    
 
   08/01/2008 
   
 Hialeah / Okeechobee Rd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,800 
    
   
   
 7,588 
    
   
   
 126 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,800 
    
   
   
 7,714 
    
   
   
 10,514 
    
   
   
 1,489 
    
 
   09/01/2010 
   
 Hialeah / W 84th St 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 5,838 
    
   
   
 1,678 
    
   
   
 6,807 
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,678 
    
   
   
 6,888 
    
   
   
 8,566 
    
   
   
 945 
    
 
   11/20/2007 
   
 Hollywood 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,616 
    
   
   
 3,214 
    
   
   
 8,689 
    
   
   
 366 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,214 
    
   
   
 9,055 
    
   
   
 12,269 
    
   
   
 2,017 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Jacksonville / Monument Rd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 5,571 
    
   
   
 490 
    
   
   
 10,708 
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 490 
    
   
   
 10,785 
    
   
   
 11,275 
    
   
   
 70 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Jacksonville / Timuquana Rd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 4,600 
    
   
   
 1,000 
    
   
   
 3,744 
    
   
   
 140 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,000 
    
   
   
 3,884 
    
   
   
 4,884 
    
   
   
 26 
    
 
   12/28/2012 
   
 Kenneth City 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 2,245 
    
   
   
 805 
    
   
   
 3,345 
    
   
   
 58 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 805 
    
   
   
 3,403 
    
   
   
 4,208 
    
   
   
 274 
    
 
   05/02/2012 
   
 Lakeland / Harden Blvd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 3,767 
    
   
   
 593 
    
   
   
 4,701 
    
   
   
 209 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 593 
    
   
   
 4,910 
    
   
   
 5,503 
    
   
   
 518 
    
 
   05/02/2012 
   
 Lakeland / South Florida Ave 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 5,412 
    
   
   
 871 
    
   
   
 6,905 
    
   
   
 248 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 871 
    
   
   
 7,153 
    
   
   
 8,024 
    
   
   
 704 
    
 
   09/03/2014 
   
 Lakeland / US Hwy 98 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 529 
    
   
   
 3,604 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 529 
    
   
   
 3,708 
    
   
   
 4,237 
    
   
   
 132 
    
 
   12/27/2012 
   
 Land O Lakes 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,333 
    
   
   
 798 
    
   
   
 4,490 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 799 
    
   
   
 4,491 
    
   
   
 5,290 
    
   
   
 377 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Madeira Beach 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 3,473 
    
   
   
 1,686 
    
   
   
 5,163 
    
   
   
 298 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,686 
    
   
   
 5,461 
    
   
   
 7,147 
    
   
   
 1,669 
    
 
   08/10/2000 
   
 Margate 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 3,234 
    
   
   
 430 
    
   
   
 3,139 
    
   
   
 1,495 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 469 
    
   
   
 4,595 
    
   
   
 5,064 
    
   
   
 1,579 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Miami / Coral Way 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 7,892 
    
   
   
 3,257 
    
   
   
 9,713 
    
   
   
 179 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,257 
    
   
   
 9,892 
    
   
   
 13,149 
    
   
   
 907 
    
 
   10/25/2011 
   
 Miami / Hammocks Blvd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,324 
    
   
   
 521 
    
   
   
 5,198 
    
   
   
 133 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 521 
    
   
   
 5,331 
    
   
   
 5,852 
    
   
   
 631 
    
 
   08/10/2000 
   
 Miami / NW 12th St 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 7,629 
    
   
   
 1,325 
    
   
   
 4,395 
    
   
   
 2,103 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,419 
    
   
   
 6,404 
    
   
   
 7,823 
    
   
   
 2,194 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Miami / NW 2nd Ave 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 5,559 
    
   
   
 1,979 
    
   
   
 6,513 
    
   
   
 191 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,979 
    
   
   
 6,704 
    
   
   
 8,683 
    
   
   
 630 
    
 
   02/04/2011 
   
 Miami / SW 147th Ave 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,375 
    
   
   
 5,543 
    
   
   
 111 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,374 
    
   
   
 5,655 
    
   
   
 8,029 
    
   
   
 666 
    
 
   05/31/2007 
   
 Miami / SW 186th St 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 4,312 
    
   
   
 1,238 
    
   
   
 7,597 
    
   
   
 368 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,238 
    
   
   
 7,965 
    
   
   
 9,203 
    
   
   
 1,897 
    
 
   11/08/2013 
   
 Miami / SW 68th Ave 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 9,887 
    
   
   
 3,305 
    
   
   
 11,997 
    
   
   
 53 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,305 
    
   
   
 12,050 
    
   
   
 15,355 
    
   
   
 659 
    
 
   08/10/2000 
   
 Miami / SW 72nd Street 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 7,730 
    
   
   
 5,315 
    
   
   
 4,305 
    
   
   
 2,113 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,859 
    
   
   
 5,874 
    
   
   
 11,733 
    
   
   
 2,086 
    
 
   11/30/2009 
   
 Miami Gardens 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,660 
    
   
   
 4,798 
    
   
   
 9,475 
    
   
   
 136 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,798 
    
   
   
 9,611 
    
   
   
 14,409 
    
   
   
 1,515 
    
 
   06/18/2015 
   
 Naples / Goodlette Road 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 17,220 
    
   
   
 70 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 17,290 
    
   
   
 17,290 
    
   
   
 221 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Naples / Old US 41 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,990 
    
   
   
 4,887 
    
   
   
 419 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,990 
    
   
   
 5,306 
    
   
   
 7,296 
    
   
   
 652 
    
 
   11/08/2013 
   
 Naranja 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 8,429 
    
   
   
 603 
    
   
   
 11,223 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 603 
    
   
   
 11,327 
    
   
   
 11,930 
    
   
   
 620 
    
 
   08/10/2000 
   
 North Lauderdale 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 4,016 
    
   
   
 428 
    
   
   
 3,516 
    
   
   
 1,015 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 459 
    
   
   
 4,500 
    
   
   
 4,959 
    
   
   
 2,010 
    
 
   06/01/2004 
   
 North Miami 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 8,429 
    
   
   
 1,256 
    
   
   
 6,535 
    
   
   
 634 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,256 
    
   
   
 7,169 
    
   
   
 8,425 
    
   
   
 2,345 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Oakland Park 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 9,764 
    
   
   
 2,030 
    
   
   
 19,241 
    
   
   
 126 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,030 
    
   
   
 19,367 
    
   
   
 21,397 
    
   
   
 125 
    
 
   03/08/2005 
   
 Ocoee 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 2,982 
    
   
   
 872 
    
   
   
 3,642 
    
   
   
 328 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 872 
    
   
   
 3,970 
    
   
   
 4,842 
    
   
   
 1,205 
    
 
   11/19/2015 
   
 Orlando / Hoffner Ave 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 512 
    
   
   
 6,697 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 512 
    
   
   
 6,697 
    
   
   
 7,209 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   03/08/2005 
   
 Orlando / Hunters Creek 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 9,760 
    
   
   
 2,233 
    
   
   
 9,223 
    
   
   
 515 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,233 
    
   
   
 9,738 
    
   
   
 11,971 
    
   
   
 2,888 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Orlando / LB McLeod Rd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 8,454 
    
   
   
 1,216 
    
   
   
 5,008 
    
   
   
 482 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,216 
    
   
   
 5,490 
    
   
   
 6,706 
    
   
   
 1,724 
    
 
   06/17/2015 
   
 Orlando / Lee Rd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 535 
    
   
   
 5,364 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 535 
    
   
   
 5,366 
    
   
   
 5,901 
    
   
   
 64 
    
 
   03/08/2005 
   
 Orlando / Metrowest 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 5,566 
    
   
   
 1,474 
    
   
   
 6,101 
    
   
   
 304 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,474 
    
   
   
 6,405 
    
   
   
 7,879 
    
   
   
 1,897 
    
 
   07/15/2010 
   
 Orlando / Orange Blossom Trail 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 625 
    
   
   
 2,133 
    
   
   
 88 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 625 
    
   
   
 2,221 
    
   
   
 2,846 
    
   
   
 351 
    
 
   03/08/2005 
   
 Orlando / Waterford Lakes 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 3,603 
    
   
   
 1,166 
    
   
   
 4,816 
    
   
   
 1,301 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,166 
    
   
   
 6,117 
    
   
   
 7,283 
    
   
   
 1,733 
    
 
   11/07/2013 
   
 Palm Springs 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,108 
    
   
   
 8,028 
    
   
   
 159 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,108 
    
   
   
 8,187 
    
   
   
 10,295 
    
   
   
 468 
    
 
   05/31/2013 
   
 Plantation 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,850 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,504 
 )  
   
   
 (d 
 )  
   
   
 2,346 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,346 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Port Charlotte 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,389 
    
   
   
 4,632 
    
   
   
 267 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,389 
    
   
   
 4,899 
    
   
   
 6,288 
    
   
   
 1,497 
    
      104  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Riverview 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 4,595 
    
   
   
 654 
    
   
   
 2,953 
    
   
   
 311 
    
   
 
   
   
 654 
    
   
   
 3,264 
    
   
   
 3,918 
    
   
   
 1,030 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Sarasota / Clark Rd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 7,803 
    
   
   
 4,666 
    
   
   
 9,016 
    
   
   
 287 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,666 
    
   
   
 9,303 
    
   
   
 13,969 
    
   
   
 777 
    
 
   12/23/2014 
   
 Sarasota / Washington Blvd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,192 
    
   
   
 2,919 
    
   
   
 29 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,192 
    
   
   
 2,948 
    
   
   
 4,140 
    
   
   
 78 
    
 
   12/03/2012 
   
 Seminole 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 2,324 
    
   
   
 1,133 
    
   
   
 3,017 
    
   
   
 188 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,133 
    
   
   
 3,205 
    
   
   
 4,338 
    
   
   
 271 
    
 
   12/23/2014 
   
 South Pasadena 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 9,420 
    
   
   
 8,890 
    
   
   
 10,106 
    
   
   
 96 
    
   
 
   
   
 8,890 
    
   
   
 10,202 
    
   
   
 19,092 
    
   
   
 273 
    
 
   04/15/2014 
   
 Stuart / Gran Park Way 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,895 
    
   
   
 1,640 
    
   
   
 8,358 
    
   
   
 143 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,640 
    
   
   
 8,501 
    
   
   
 10,141 
    
   
   
 391 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Stuart / Kanner Hwy 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,250 
    
   
   
 5,007 
    
   
   
 76 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,250 
    
   
   
 5,083 
    
   
   
 6,333 
    
   
   
 33 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Stuart / NW Federal Hwy 1 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 760 
    
   
   
 3,125 
    
   
   
 83 
    
   
 
   
   
 760 
    
   
   
 3,208 
    
   
   
 3,968 
    
   
   
 21 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Tallahassee 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 9,225 
    
   
   
 1,460 
    
   
   
 21,471 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 1,460 
    
   
   
 21,471 
    
   
   
 22,931 
    
   
   
 138 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Tamiami 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,042 
    
   
   
 7,164 
    
   
   
 329 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,042 
    
   
   
 7,493 
    
   
   
 12,535 
    
   
   
 1,014 
    
 
   11/22/2006 
   
 Tampa / Cypress St 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 3,523 
    
   
   
 883 
    
   
   
 3,533 
    
   
   
 160 
    
   
 
   
   
 881 
    
   
   
 3,695 
    
   
   
 4,576 
    
   
   
 928 
    
 
   03/27/2007 
   
 Tampa / W Cleveland St 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 3,551 
    
   
   
 1,425 
    
   
   
 4,766 
    
   
   
 316 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,425 
    
   
   
 5,082 
    
   
   
 6,507 
    
   
   
 1,307 
    
 
   12/23/2014 
   
 Tampa / W Hillsborough Ave 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 2,374 
    
   
   
 1,086 
    
   
   
 2,937 
    
   
   
 385 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,086 
    
   
   
 3,322 
    
   
   
 4,408 
    
   
   
 87 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Valrico 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 4,358 
    
   
   
 1,197 
    
   
   
 4,411 
    
   
   
 284 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,197 
    
   
   
 4,695 
    
   
   
 5,892 
    
   
   
 1,475 
    
 
   01/13/2006 
   
 Venice 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 6,714 
    
   
   
 1,969 
    
   
   
 5,903 
    
   
   
 320 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,970 
    
   
   
 6,222 
    
   
   
 8,192 
    
   
   
 1,748 
    
 
   08/10/2000 
   
 West Palm Beach / Forest Hill Bl 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,164 
    
   
   
 2,511 
    
   
   
 733 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,246 
    
   
   
 3,162 
    
   
   
 4,408 
    
   
   
 1,340 
    
 
   08/10/2000 
   
 West Palm Beach / N Military Trail 1 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 4,415 
    
   
   
 1,312 
    
   
   
 2,511 
    
   
   
 953 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,416 
    
   
   
 3,360 
    
   
   
 4,776 
    
   
   
 1,436 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 West Palm Beach / N Military Trail 2 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,595 
    
   
   
 2,833 
    
   
   
 105 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,595 
    
   
   
 2,938 
    
   
   
 4,533 
    
   
   
 429 
    
 
   12/01/2011 
   
 West Palm Beach / S Military Trail 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 3,340 
    
   
   
 1,729 
    
   
   
 4,058 
    
   
   
 102 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,730 
    
   
   
 4,159 
    
   
   
 5,889 
    
   
   
 463 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 West Palm Beach / Southern Blvd 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,752 
    
   
   
 4,909 
    
   
   
 450 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,752 
    
   
   
 5,359 
    
   
   
 7,111 
    
   
   
 1,696 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Weston 
   
   
 FL 
    
   
   
 7,009 
    
   
   
 1,680 
    
   
   
 11,342 
    
   
   
 89 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,680 
    
   
   
 11,431 
    
   
   
 13,111 
    
   
   
 74 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Alpharetta / Holcomb Bridge Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,973 
    
   
   
 1,587 
    
   
   
 295 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,973 
    
   
   
 1,882 
    
   
   
 3,855 
    
   
   
 623 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Alpharetta / Jones Bridge Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 5,781 
    
   
   
 1,420 
    
   
   
 8,902 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,420 
    
   
   
 8,930 
    
   
   
 10,350 
    
   
   
 57 
    
 
   08/08/2006 
   
 Alpharetta / North Main St 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 5,075 
    
   
   
 1,893 
    
   
   
 3,161 
    
   
   
 191 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,894 
    
   
   
 3,351 
    
   
   
 5,245 
    
   
   
 884 
    
 
   08/06/2014 
   
 Atlanta / Chattahoochee Ave 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,132 
    
   
   
 10,080 
    
   
   
 103 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,132 
    
   
   
 10,183 
    
   
   
 11,315 
    
   
   
 368 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Atlanta / Cheshire Bridge Rd NE 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 11,791 
    
   
   
 3,737 
    
   
   
 8,333 
    
   
   
 726 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,738 
    
   
   
 9,058 
    
   
   
 12,796 
    
   
   
 2,763 
    
 
   10/22/2014 
   
 Atlanta / Edgewood Ave SE 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 7,699 
    
   
   
 588 
    
   
   
 10,295 
    
   
   
 59 
    
   
 
   
   
 588 
    
   
   
 10,354 
    
   
   
 10,942 
    
   
   
 320 
    
 
   04/03/2014 
   
 Atlanta / Mt Vernon Hwy 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,961 
    
   
   
 19,819 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,961 
    
   
   
 19,913 
    
   
   
 22,874 
    
   
   
 877 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Atlanta / Roswell Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,665 
    
   
   
 2,028 
    
   
   
 292 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,665 
    
   
   
 2,320 
    
   
   
 3,985 
    
   
   
 762 
    
 
   02/28/2005 
   
 Atlanta / Virginia Ave 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 6,294 
    
   
   
 3,319 
    
   
   
 8,325 
    
   
   
 729 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,319 
    
   
   
 9,054 
    
   
   
 12,373 
    
   
   
 2,706 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Augusta 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 2,025 
    
   
   
 710 
    
   
   
 2,299 
    
   
   
 85 
    
   
 
   
   
 710 
    
   
   
 2,384 
    
   
   
 3,094 
    
   
   
 133 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Austell 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 3,325 
    
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 6,550 
    
   
   
 32 
    
   
 
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 6,582 
    
   
   
 7,122 
    
   
   
 42 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Buford 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 5,484 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
 
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 5,507 
    
   
   
 6,007 
    
   
   
 35 
    
 
   05/07/2015 
   
 Dacula / Auburn Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 4,468 
    
   
   
 2,087 
    
   
   
 4,295 
    
   
   
 136 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,087 
    
   
   
 4,431 
    
   
   
 6,518 
    
   
   
 56 
    
 
   01/17/2006 
   
 Dacula / Braselton Hwy 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 3,670 
    
   
   
 1,993 
    
   
   
 3,001 
    
   
   
 180 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,993 
    
   
   
 3,181 
    
   
   
 5,174 
    
   
   
 863 
    
 
   06/17/2010 
   
 Douglasville 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,209 
    
   
   
 719 
    
   
   
 398 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,209 
    
   
   
 1,117 
    
   
   
 2,326 
    
   
   
 241 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Duluth / Berkeley Lake Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 4,014 
    
   
   
 1,350 
    
   
   
 5,718 
    
   
   
 31 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,350 
    
   
   
 5,749 
    
   
   
 7,099 
    
   
   
 37 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Duluth / Breckinridge Blvd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 3,834 
    
   
   
 1,160 
    
   
   
 6,336 
    
   
   
 63 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,160 
    
   
   
 6,399 
    
   
   
 7,559 
    
   
   
 41 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Duluth / Peachtree Industrial Blvd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 4,163 
    
   
   
 440 
    
   
   
 7,516 
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
 
   
   
 440 
    
   
   
 7,542 
    
   
   
 7,982 
    
   
   
 48 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Eastpoint 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 5,497 
    
   
   
 1,718 
    
   
   
 6,388 
    
   
   
 171 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,718 
    
   
   
 6,559 
    
   
   
 8,277 
    
   
   
 540 
    
      105  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Ellenwood 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 2,666 
    
   
   
 260 
    
   
   
 3,992 
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
 
   
   
 260 
    
   
   
 4,018 
    
   
   
 4,278 
    
   
   
 26 
    
 
   06/14/2007 
   
 Johns Creek 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 3,373 
    
   
   
 1,454 
    
   
   
 4,151 
    
   
   
 177 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,454 
    
   
   
 4,328 
    
   
   
 5,782 
    
   
   
 1,000 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Jonesboro 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 6,174 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
 
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 6,188 
    
   
   
 6,728 
    
   
   
 40 
    
 
   06/17/2010 
   
 Kennesaw / Cobb Parkway NW 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 673 
    
   
   
 1,151 
    
   
   
 195 
    
   
 
   
   
 673 
    
   
   
 1,346 
    
   
   
 2,019 
    
   
   
 237 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Kennesaw / George Busbee Pkwy 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 4,702 
    
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 9,126 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 9,126 
    
   
   
 9,626 
    
   
   
 59 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Lawrenceville / Hurricane Shoals Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 3,335 
    
   
   
 2,117 
    
   
   
 2,784 
    
   
   
 291 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,117 
    
   
   
 3,075 
    
   
   
 5,192 
    
   
   
 191 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Lawrenceville / Lawrenceville Hwy 1 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 730 
    
   
   
 3,058 
    
   
   
 27 
    
   
 
   
   
 730 
    
   
   
 3,085 
    
   
   
 3,815 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Lawrenceville / Lawrenceville Hwy 2 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 3,025 
    
   
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 4,674 
    
   
   
 31 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 4,705 
    
   
   
 6,215 
    
   
   
 30 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Lawrenceville / Old Norcross Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 870 
    
   
   
 3,705 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 870 
    
   
   
 3,705 
    
   
   
 4,575 
    
   
   
 24 
    
 
   11/12/2009 
   
 Lithonia 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,958 
    
   
   
 3,645 
    
   
   
 137 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,958 
    
   
   
 3,782 
    
   
   
 5,740 
    
   
   
 625 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Marietta / Austell Rd SW 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,070 
    
   
   
 3,560 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,070 
    
   
   
 3,571 
    
   
   
 4,641 
    
   
   
 23 
    
 
   06/17/2010 
   
 Marietta / Cobb Parkway N 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 887 
    
   
   
 2,617 
    
   
   
 332 
    
   
 
   
   
 887 
    
   
   
 2,949 
    
   
   
 3,836 
    
   
   
 488 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Marietta / Powers Ferry Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 5,421 
    
   
   
 430 
    
   
   
 9,242 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
 
   
   
 430 
    
   
   
 9,266 
    
   
   
 9,696 
    
   
   
 59 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Marietta / West Oak Pkwy 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 4,343 
    
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 6,395 
    
   
   
 21 
    
   
 
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 6,416 
    
   
   
 6,916 
    
   
   
 41 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Peachtree City 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,080 
    
   
   
 8,628 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,080 
    
   
   
 8,640 
    
   
   
 9,720 
    
   
   
 55 
    
 
   04/24/2015 
   
 Powder Springs 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 4,595 
    
   
   
 370 
    
   
   
 6,014 
    
   
   
 61 
    
   
 
   
   
 370 
    
   
   
 6,075 
    
   
   
 6,445 
    
   
   
 78 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Sandy Springs 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 6,919 
    
   
   
 1,740 
    
   
   
 11,439 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,740 
    
   
   
 11,462 
    
   
   
 13,202 
    
   
   
 73 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Savannah / King George Blvd 1 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 2,935 
    
   
   
 390 
    
   
   
 4,889 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
 
   
   
 390 
    
   
   
 4,906 
    
   
   
 5,296 
    
   
   
 31 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Savannah / King George Blvd 2 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 390 
    
   
   
 3,370 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
 
   
   
 390 
    
   
   
 3,388 
    
   
   
 3,778 
    
   
   
 22 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Sharpsburg 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 4,852 
    
   
   
 360 
    
   
   
 8,455 
    
   
   
 21 
    
   
 
   
   
 360 
    
   
   
 8,476 
    
   
   
 8,836 
    
   
   
 54 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Smyrna 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 4,553 
    
   
   
 1,360 
    
   
   
 7,002 
    
   
   
 35 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,360 
    
   
   
 7,037 
    
   
   
 8,397 
    
   
   
 45 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Snellville 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,691 
    
   
   
 4,026 
    
   
   
 330 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,691 
    
   
   
 4,356 
    
   
   
 7,047 
    
   
   
 1,384 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Stone Mountain / Annistown Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 2,784 
    
   
   
 1,817 
    
   
   
 4,382 
    
   
   
 328 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,817 
    
   
   
 4,710 
    
   
   
 6,527 
    
   
   
 1,464 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Stone Mountain / S Hairston Rd 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 2,518 
    
   
   
 925 
    
   
   
 3,505 
    
   
   
 407 
    
   
 
   
   
 925 
    
   
   
 3,912 
    
   
   
 4,837 
    
   
   
 1,157 
    
 
   06/14/2007 
   
 Sugar Hill / Nelson Brogdon Blvd 1 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,371 
    
   
   
 2,547 
    
   
   
 223 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,371 
    
   
   
 2,770 
    
   
   
 4,141 
    
   
   
 684 
    
 
   06/14/2007 
   
 Sugar Hill / Nelson Brogdon Blvd 2 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,368 
    
   
   
 2,540 
    
   
   
 270 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,367 
    
   
   
 2,811 
    
   
   
 4,178 
    
   
   
 689 
    
 
   10/15/2013 
   
 Tucker 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 5,848 
    
   
   
 1,773 
    
   
   
 10,456 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,773 
    
   
   
 10,523 
    
   
   
 12,296 
    
   
   
 598 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Wilmington Island 
   
   
 GA 
    
   
   
 5,571 
    
   
   
 760 
    
   
   
 9,423 
    
   
   
 32 
    
   
 
   
   
 760 
    
   
   
 9,455 
    
   
   
 10,215 
    
   
   
 60 
    
 
   05/03/2013 
   
 Honolulu 
   
   
 HI 
    
   
   
 17,382 
    
   
   
 4,674 
    
   
   
 18,350 
    
   
   
 183 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,674 
    
   
   
 18,533 
    
   
   
 23,207 
    
   
   
 1,257 
    
 
   06/25/2007 
   
 Kahului 
   
   
 HI 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,984 
    
   
   
 15,044 
    
   
   
 917 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,984 
    
   
   
 15,961 
    
   
   
 19,945 
    
   
   
 3,724 
    
 
   06/25/2007 
   
 Kapolei / Farrington Hwy 1 
   
   
 HI 
    
   
   
 9,289 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 24,701 
    
   
   
 564 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,265 
    
   
   
 25,265 
    
   
   
 5,686 
    
 
   12/06/2013 
   
 Kapolei / Farrington Hwy 2 
   
   
 HI 
    
   
   
 7,137 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,776 
    
   
   
 63 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,839 
    
   
   
 7,839 
    
   
   
 412 
    
 
   05/03/2013 
   
 Wahiawa 
   
   
 HI 
    
   
   
 3,553 
    
   
   
 1,317 
    
   
   
 2,626 
    
   
   
 120 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,317 
    
   
   
 2,746 
    
   
   
 4,063 
    
   
   
 194 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Bedford Park 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 2,469 
    
   
   
 922 
    
   
   
 3,289 
    
   
   
 351 
    
   
 
   
   
 922 
    
   
   
 3,640 
    
   
   
 4,562 
    
   
   
 209 
    
 
   06/08/2015 
   
 Berwyn 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 965 
    
   
   
 9,085 
    
   
   
 145 
    
   
 
   
   
 965 
    
   
   
 9,230 
    
   
   
 10,195 
    
   
   
 119 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Chicago / 60th St 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 4,910 
    
   
   
 1,363 
    
   
   
 5,850 
    
   
   
 149 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,363 
    
   
   
 5,999 
    
   
   
 7,362 
    
   
   
 336 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Chicago / 87th St 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 5,846 
    
   
   
 2,881 
    
   
   
 6,324 
    
   
   
 95 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,881 
    
   
   
 6,419 
    
   
   
 9,300 
    
   
   
 349 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Chicago / 95th St 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 7,828 
    
   
   
 97 
    
   
 
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 7,925 
    
   
   
 8,675 
    
   
   
 51 
    
 
   02/13/2013 
   
 Chicago / Montrose 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 8,276 
    
   
   
 1,318 
    
   
   
 9,485 
    
   
   
 66 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,318 
    
   
   
 9,551 
    
   
   
 10,869 
    
   
   
 718 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Chicago / Pulaski Rd 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 3,615 
    
   
   
 1,143 
    
   
   
 6,138 
    
   
   
 308 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,143 
    
   
   
 6,446 
    
   
   
 7,589 
    
   
   
 352 
    
      106  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Chicago / South Wabash 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 621 
    
   
   
 3,428 
    
   
   
 2,226 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 621 
    
   
   
 5,654 
    
   
   
 6,275 
    
   
   
 1,618 
    
 
   11/10/2004 
   
 Chicago / Stony Island 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,925 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,925 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,925 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Chicago / West Addison 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 5,433 
    
   
   
 449 
    
   
   
 2,471 
    
   
   
 804 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 449 
    
   
   
 3,275 
    
   
   
 3,724 
    
   
   
 1,122 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Chicago / West Harrison 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 4,477 
    
   
   
 472 
    
   
   
 2,582 
    
   
   
 2,820 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 472 
    
   
   
 5,402 
    
   
   
 5,874 
    
   
   
 1,186 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Chicago / Western Ave 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 670 
    
   
   
 4,718 
    
   
   
 101 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 670 
    
   
   
 4,819 
    
   
   
 5,489 
    
   
   
 32 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Cicero / Ogden Ave 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,590 
    
   
   
 9,371 
    
   
   
 68 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,590 
    
   
   
 9,439 
    
   
   
 11,029 
    
   
   
 61 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Cicero / Roosevelt Rd 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 910 
    
   
   
 3,224 
    
   
   
 80 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 910 
    
   
   
 3,304 
    
   
   
 4,214 
    
   
   
 21 
    
 
   07/15/2003 
   
 Crest Hill 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 2,340 
    
   
   
 847 
    
   
   
 2,946 
    
   
   
 812 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 968 
    
   
   
 3,637 
    
   
   
 4,605 
    
   
   
 1,187 
    
 
   10/01/2007 
   
 Gurnee 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,374 
    
   
   
 8,296 
    
   
   
 128 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,374 
    
   
   
 8,424 
    
   
   
 9,798 
    
   
   
 1,803 
    
 
   12/01/2011 
   
 Highland Park 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 11,852 
    
   
   
 5,798 
    
   
   
 6,016 
    
   
   
 105 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,798 
    
   
   
 6,121 
    
   
   
 11,919 
    
   
   
 667 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Lincolnshire 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 3,585 
    
   
   
 1,438 
    
   
   
 5,128 
    
   
   
 34 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,438 
    
   
   
 5,162 
    
   
   
 6,600 
    
   
   
 281 
    
 
   12/01/2008 
   
 Naperville / Ogden Avenue 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,800 
    
   
   
 7,355 
    
   
   
 (711 
 )  
   
   
 (d 
 )  
   
   
 1,950 
    
   
   
 7,494 
    
   
   
 9,444 
    
   
   
 1,385 
    
 
   12/01/2011 
   
 Naperville / State Route 59 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 4,734 
    
   
   
 1,860 
    
   
   
 5,793 
    
   
   
 108 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,860 
    
   
   
 5,901 
    
   
   
 7,761 
    
   
   
 636 
    
 
   05/03/2008 
   
 North Aurora 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 2,409 
    
   
   
 600 
    
   
   
 5,833 
    
   
   
 143 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 600 
    
   
   
 5,976 
    
   
   
 6,576 
    
   
   
 1,210 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Skokie 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 3,857 
    
   
   
 1,119 
    
   
   
 7,502 
    
   
   
 208 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,119 
    
   
   
 7,710 
    
   
   
 8,829 
    
   
   
 710 
    
 
   10/15/2002 
   
 South Holland 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 2,382 
    
   
   
 839 
    
   
   
 2,879 
    
   
   
 374 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 865 
    
   
   
 3,227 
    
   
   
 4,092 
    
   
   
 1,147 
    
 
   08/01/2008 
   
 Tinley Park 
   
   
 IL 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,823 
    
   
   
 4,794 
    
   
   
 993 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,548 
    
   
   
 6,062 
    
   
   
 7,610 
    
   
   
 985 
    
 
   10/10/2008 
   
 Carmel 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 4,929 
    
   
   
 1,169 
    
   
   
 4,393 
    
   
   
 284 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,169 
    
   
   
 4,677 
    
   
   
 5,846 
    
   
   
 985 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Connersville 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 1,097 
    
   
   
 472 
    
   
   
 315 
    
   
   
 120 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 472 
    
   
   
 435 
    
   
   
 907 
    
   
   
 82 
    
 
   10/31/2008 
   
 Ft Wayne 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,899 
    
   
   
 3,292 
    
   
   
 293 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,899 
    
   
   
 3,585 
    
   
   
 5,484 
    
   
   
 789 
    
 
   10/10/2008 
   
 Indianapolis / Dandy Trail-Windham Lake Dr 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 5,537 
    
   
   
 850 
    
   
   
 4,545 
    
   
   
 409 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 850 
    
   
   
 4,954 
    
   
   
 5,804 
    
   
   
 1,105 
    
 
   08/31/2007 
   
 Indianapolis / E 65th St 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 588 
    
   
   
 3,457 
    
   
   
 335 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 588 
    
   
   
 3,792 
    
   
   
 4,380 
    
   
   
 965 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Indianapolis / E 86th St 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 1,060 
    
   
   
 646 
    
   
   
 1,294 
    
   
   
 164 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 646 
    
   
   
 1,458 
    
   
   
 2,104 
    
   
   
 144 
    
 
   10/10/2008 
   
 Indianapolis / Southport Rd-Kildeer Dr 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 426 
    
   
   
 2,903 
    
   
   
 389 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 426 
    
   
   
 3,292 
    
   
   
 3,718 
    
   
   
 748 
    
 
   10/10/2008 
   
 Mishawaka 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 4,862 
    
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 3,349 
    
   
   
 299 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 3,648 
    
   
   
 4,278 
    
   
   
 798 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Richmond 
   
   
 IN 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 723 
    
   
   
 482 
    
   
   
 438 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 723 
    
   
   
 920 
    
   
   
 1,643 
    
   
   
 155 
    
 
   04/13/2006 
   
 Wichita 
   
   
 KS 
    
   
   
 2,045 
    
   
   
 366 
    
   
   
 1,897 
    
   
   
 433 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 366 
    
   
   
 2,330 
    
   
   
 2,696 
    
   
   
 745 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Covington 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 1,951 
    
   
   
 839 
    
   
   
 2,543 
    
   
   
 146 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 839 
    
   
   
 2,689 
    
   
   
 3,528 
    
   
   
 358 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Crescent Springs 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 120 
    
   
   
 5,313 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 120 
    
   
   
 5,318 
    
   
   
 5,438 
    
   
   
 34 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Erlanger 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 3,731 
    
   
   
 220 
    
   
   
 7,132 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 220 
    
   
   
 7,142 
    
   
   
 7,362 
    
   
   
 46 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Florence / Centennial Circle 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 240 
    
   
   
 8,234 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 240 
    
   
   
 8,241 
    
   
   
 8,481 
    
   
   
 53 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Florence / Steilen Dr 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 6,181 
    
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 13,616 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 13,618 
    
   
   
 14,158 
    
   
   
 87 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Louisville / Bardstown Rd 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 586 
    
   
   
 3,244 
    
   
   
 402 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 586 
    
   
   
 3,646 
    
   
   
 4,232 
    
   
   
 1,137 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Louisville / Warwick Ave 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 4,137 
    
   
   
 1,217 
    
   
   
 4,611 
    
   
   
 214 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,217 
    
   
   
 4,825 
    
   
   
 6,042 
    
   
   
 1,417 
    
 
   12/01/2005 
   
 Louisville / Wattbourne Ln 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 4,612 
    
   
   
 892 
    
   
   
 2,677 
    
   
   
 266 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 892 
    
   
   
 2,943 
    
   
   
 3,835 
    
   
   
 823 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Walton 
   
   
 KY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 290 
    
   
   
 6,245 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 290 
    
   
   
 6,258 
    
   
   
 6,548 
    
   
   
 40 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Metairie 
   
   
 LA 
    
   
   
 3,688 
    
   
   
 2,056 
    
   
   
 4,216 
    
   
   
 314 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,056 
    
   
   
 4,530 
    
   
   
 6,586 
    
   
   
 1,362 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 New Orleans 
   
   
 LA 
    
   
   
 5,213 
    
   
   
 4,058 
    
   
   
 4,325 
    
   
   
 703 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,059 
    
   
   
 5,027 
    
   
   
 9,086 
    
   
   
 1,652 
    
 
   06/01/2003 
   
 Ashland 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 5,643 
    
   
   
 474 
    
   
   
 3,324 
    
   
   
 370 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 474 
    
   
   
 3,694 
    
   
   
 4,168 
    
   
   
 1,454 
    
      107  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Auburn 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 918 
    
   
   
 3,728 
    
   
   
 365 
    
   
 
   
   
 919 
    
   
   
 4,092 
    
   
   
 5,011 
    
   
   
 1,667 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Billerica 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 8,008 
    
   
   
 3,023 
    
   
   
 6,697 
    
   
   
 192 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,023 
    
   
   
 6,889 
    
   
   
 9,912 
    
   
   
 384 
    
 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Brockton / Centre St / Rte 123 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 647 
    
   
   
 2,762 
    
   
   
 193 
    
   
 
   
   
 647 
    
   
   
 2,955 
    
   
   
 3,602 
    
   
   
 1,140 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Brockton / Oak St 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 5,029 
    
   
   
 829 
    
   
   
 6,195 
    
   
   
 479 
    
   
 
   
   
 829 
    
   
   
 6,674 
    
   
   
 7,503 
    
   
   
 384 
    
 
   11/09/2012 
   
 Danvers 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 7,662 
    
   
   
 3,115 
    
   
   
 5,736 
    
   
   
 188 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,115 
    
   
   
 5,924 
    
   
   
 9,039 
    
   
   
 487 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 Dedham / Allied Dr 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,443 
    
   
   
 7,328 
    
   
   
 1,411 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,443 
    
   
   
 8,739 
    
   
   
 11,182 
    
   
   
 2,949 
    
 
   03/04/2002 
   
 Dedham / Milton St 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 5,935 
    
   
   
 2,127 
    
   
   
 3,041 
    
   
   
 935 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,127 
    
   
   
 3,976 
    
   
   
 6,103 
    
   
   
 1,540 
    
 
   05/13/2015 
   
 Dedham / Providence Highway 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,625 
    
   
   
 10,875 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,625 
    
   
   
 10,884 
    
   
   
 12,509 
    
   
   
 139 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 East Somerville 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 159 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 159 
    
   
   
 159 
    
   
   
 120 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Everett 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 692 
    
   
   
 2,129 
    
   
   
 1,092 
    
   
 
   
   
 692 
    
   
   
 3,221 
    
   
   
 3,913 
    
   
   
 1,069 
    
 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Foxboro 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 759 
    
   
   
 4,158 
    
   
   
 479 
    
   
 
   
   
 759 
    
   
   
 4,637 
    
   
   
 5,396 
    
   
   
 2,031 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Framingham 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Hudson 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 3,287 
    
   
   
 806 
    
   
   
 3,122 
    
   
   
 471 
    
   
 
   
   
 806 
    
   
   
 3,593 
    
   
   
 4,399 
    
   
   
 1,590 
    
 
   12/31/2007 
   
 Jamaica Plain 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 9,245 
    
   
   
 3,285 
    
   
   
 11,275 
    
   
   
 637 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,285 
    
   
   
 11,912 
    
   
   
 15,197 
    
   
   
 2,526 
    
 
   10/18/2002 
   
 Kingston 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 5,351 
    
   
   
 555 
    
   
   
 2,491 
    
   
   
 215 
    
   
 
   
   
 555 
    
   
   
 2,706 
    
   
   
 3,261 
    
   
   
 1,078 
    
 
   06/22/2001 
   
 Lynn 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,703 
    
   
   
 3,237 
    
   
   
 438 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,703 
    
   
   
 3,675 
    
   
   
 5,378 
    
   
   
 1,490 
    
 
   03/31/2004 
   
 Marshfield 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 4,533 
    
   
   
 1,039 
    
   
   
 4,155 
    
   
   
 270 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,026 
    
   
   
 4,438 
    
   
   
 5,464 
    
   
   
 1,414 
    
 
   11/14/2002 
   
 Milton 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,838 
    
   
   
 3,979 
    
   
   
 6,656 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,838 
    
   
   
 10,635 
    
   
   
 13,473 
    
   
   
 2,774 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 North Andover 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 3,679 
    
   
   
 773 
    
   
   
 4,120 
    
   
   
 126 
    
   
 
   
   
 773 
    
   
   
 4,246 
    
   
   
 5,019 
    
   
   
 240 
    
 
   10/15/1999 
   
 North Oxford 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 3,780 
    
   
   
 482 
    
   
   
 1,762 
    
   
   
 515 
    
   
 
   
   
 527 
    
   
   
 2,232 
    
   
   
 2,759 
    
   
   
 993 
    
 
   02/28/2001 
   
 Northborough 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 4,489 
    
   
   
 280 
    
   
   
 2,715 
    
   
   
 571 
    
   
 
   
   
 280 
    
   
   
 3,286 
    
   
   
 3,566 
    
   
   
 1,445 
    
 
   08/15/1999 
   
 Norwood 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 6,523 
    
   
   
 2,160 
    
   
   
 2,336 
    
   
   
 1,824 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,221 
    
   
   
 4,099 
    
   
   
 6,320 
    
   
   
 1,570 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Plainville 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 4,913 
    
   
   
 2,223 
    
   
   
 4,430 
    
   
   
 461 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,223 
    
   
   
 4,891 
    
   
   
 7,114 
    
   
   
 1,728 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 Quincy 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 6,910 
    
   
   
 1,359 
    
   
   
 4,078 
    
   
   
 426 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,360 
    
   
   
 4,503 
    
   
   
 5,863 
    
   
   
 1,451 
    
 
   05/15/2000 
   
 Raynham 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 588 
    
   
   
 2,270 
    
   
   
 762 
    
   
 
   
   
 670 
    
   
   
 2,950 
    
   
   
 3,620 
    
   
   
 1,200 
    
 
   12/01/2011 
   
 Revere 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 4,821 
    
   
   
 2,275 
    
   
   
 6,935 
    
   
   
 183 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,275 
    
   
   
 7,118 
    
   
   
 9,393 
    
   
   
 774 
    
 
   06/01/2003 
   
 Saugus 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 9,142 
    
   
   
 1,725 
    
   
   
 5,514 
    
   
   
 581 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,725 
    
   
   
 6,095 
    
   
   
 7,820 
    
   
   
 2,207 
    
 
   06/15/2001 
   
 Somerville 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 11,664 
    
   
   
 1,728 
    
   
   
 6,570 
    
   
   
 939 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,731 
    
   
   
 7,506 
    
   
   
 9,237 
    
   
   
 2,757 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Stoneham 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 5,826 
    
   
   
 944 
    
   
   
 5,241 
    
   
   
 187 
    
   
 
   
   
 944 
    
   
   
 5,428 
    
   
   
 6,372 
    
   
   
 1,568 
    
 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Stoughton 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,754 
    
   
   
 2,769 
    
   
   
 323 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,755 
    
   
   
 3,091 
    
   
   
 4,846 
    
   
   
 1,315 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Tyngsboro 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 3,403 
    
   
   
 1,843 
    
   
   
 5,004 
    
   
   
 71 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,843 
    
   
   
 5,075 
    
   
   
 6,918 
    
   
   
 463 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 Waltham 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 5,095 
    
   
   
 3,770 
    
   
   
 11,310 
    
   
   
 1,120 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,770 
    
   
   
 12,430 
    
   
   
 16,200 
    
   
   
 3,984 
    
 
   09/14/2000 
   
 Weymouth 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,806 
    
   
   
 3,129 
    
   
   
 231 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,806 
    
   
   
 3,360 
    
   
   
 6,166 
    
   
   
 1,424 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 Woburn 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 283 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 283 
    
   
   
 283 
    
   
   
 146 
    
 
   12/01/2006 
   
 Worcester / Ararat St 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 3,989 
    
   
   
 1,350 
    
   
   
 4,433 
    
   
   
 182 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,350 
    
   
   
 4,615 
    
   
   
 5,965 
    
   
   
 1,129 
    
 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Worcester / Millbury St 
   
   
 MA 
    
   
   
 4,383 
    
   
   
 896 
    
   
   
 4,377 
    
   
   
 3,206 
    
   
 
   
   
 896 
    
   
   
 7,583 
    
   
   
 8,479 
    
   
   
 2,754 
    
 
   08/31/2007 
   
 Annapolis / Renard Ct / Annex 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 15,544 
    
   
   
 1,375 
    
   
   
 8,896 
    
   
   
 341 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,376 
    
   
   
 9,236 
    
   
   
 10,612 
    
   
   
 2,153 
    
 
   04/17/2007 
   
 Annapolis / Trout Rd 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 6,291 
    
   
   
 5,248 
    
   
   
 7,247 
    
   
   
 219 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,247 
    
   
   
 7,467 
    
   
   
 12,714 
    
   
   
 1,755 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Arnold 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 8,835 
    
   
   
 2,558 
    
   
   
 9,446 
    
   
   
 500 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,558 
    
   
   
 9,946 
    
   
   
 12,504 
    
   
   
 2,844 
    
 
   05/31/2012 
   
 Baltimore / Eastern Ave 1 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 4,434 
    
   
   
 1,185 
    
   
   
 5,051 
    
   
   
 166 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,185 
    
   
   
 5,217 
    
   
   
 6,402 
    
   
   
 502 
    
      108  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   02/13/2013 
   
 Baltimore / Eastern Ave 2 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 6,997 
    
   
   
 1,266 
    
   
   
 10,789 
    
   
   
 134 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,266 
    
   
   
 10,923 
    
   
   
 12,189 
    
   
   
 821 
    
 
   11/01/2008 
   
 Baltimore / Moravia Rd 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 4,360 
    
   
   
 800 
    
   
   
 5,955 
    
   
   
 160 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 800 
    
   
   
 6,115 
    
   
   
 6,915 
    
   
   
 1,163 
    
 
   06/01/2010 
   
 Baltimore / N Howard St 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,900 
    
   
   
 5,277 
    
   
   
 155 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,900 
    
   
   
 5,432 
    
   
   
 7,332 
    
   
   
 807 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Bethesda 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 11,900 
    
   
   
 3,671 
    
   
   
 18,331 
    
   
   
 1,347 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,671 
    
   
   
 19,678 
    
   
   
 23,349 
    
   
   
 6,084 
    
 
   10/20/2010 
   
 Capitol Heights 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 8,105 
    
   
   
 1,461 
    
   
   
 9,866 
    
   
   
 244 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,461 
    
   
   
 10,110 
    
   
   
 11,571 
    
   
   
 1,429 
    
 
   03/07/2012 
   
 Cockeysville 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 3,743 
    
   
   
 465 
    
   
   
 5,600 
    
   
   
 304 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 465 
    
   
   
 5,904 
    
   
   
 6,369 
    
   
   
 624 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Columbia 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 7,810 
    
   
   
 1,736 
    
   
   
 9,632 
    
   
   
 377 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,736 
    
   
   
 10,009 
    
   
   
 11,745 
    
   
   
 2,819 
    
 
   12/02/2005 
   
 Edgewood / Pulaski Hwy 1 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (575 
 )  
   
   
 (d 
 )  
   
   
 425 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 425 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   09/10/2015 
   
 Edgewood / Pulaski Hwy 2 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 794 
    
   
   
 5,178 
    
   
   
 97 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 794 
    
   
   
 5,275 
    
   
   
 6,069 
    
   
   
 45 
    
 
   01/11/2007 
   
 Ft. Washington 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 8,848 
    
   
   
 4,920 
    
   
   
 9,174 
    
   
   
 231 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,920 
    
   
   
 9,405 
    
   
   
 14,325 
    
   
   
 2,252 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Gambrills 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 4,758 
    
   
   
 1,905 
    
   
   
 7,104 
    
   
   
 207 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,905 
    
   
   
 7,311 
    
   
   
 9,216 
    
   
   
 652 
    
 
   07/08/2011 
   
 Glen Burnie 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 11,247 
    
   
   
 1,303 
    
   
   
 4,218 
    
   
   
 347 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,303 
    
   
   
 4,565 
    
   
   
 5,868 
    
   
   
 623 
    
 
   06/10/2013 
   
 Hanover 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,160 
    
   
   
 11,340 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,160 
    
   
   
 11,407 
    
   
   
 13,567 
    
   
   
 750 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 Lanham 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 11,753 
    
   
   
 3,346 
    
   
   
 10,079 
    
   
   
 706 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,618 
    
   
   
 11,513 
    
   
   
 14,131 
    
   
   
 3,797 
    
 
   12/27/2007 
   
 Laurel 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 5,849 
    
   
   
 3,000 
    
   
   
 5,930 
    
   
   
 197 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,000 
    
   
   
 6,127 
    
   
   
 9,127 
    
   
   
 1,325 
    
 
   12/27/2012 
   
 Lexington Park 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,314 
    
   
   
 8,412 
    
   
   
 160 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,314 
    
   
   
 8,572 
    
   
   
 12,886 
    
   
   
 688 
    
 
   09/17/2008 
   
 Pasadena / Fort Smallwood Rd 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 10,025 
    
   
   
 1,869 
    
   
   
 3,056 
    
   
   
 706 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,869 
    
   
   
 3,762 
    
   
   
 5,631 
    
   
   
 966 
    
 
   03/24/2011 
   
 Pasadena / Mountain Rd 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,500 
    
   
   
 7,407 
    
   
   
 155 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,500 
    
   
   
 7,562 
    
   
   
 11,062 
    
   
   
 911 
    
 
   08/01/2011 
   
 Randallstown 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 4,450 
    
   
   
 764 
    
   
   
 6,331 
    
   
   
 314 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 764 
    
   
   
 6,645 
    
   
   
 7,409 
    
   
   
 809 
    
 
   09/01/2006 
   
 Rockville 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 12,011 
    
   
   
 4,596 
    
   
   
 11,328 
    
   
   
 392 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,596 
    
   
   
 11,720 
    
   
   
 16,316 
    
   
   
 2,890 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Towson / East Joppa Rd 1 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 3,810 
    
   
   
 861 
    
   
   
 4,742 
    
   
   
 249 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 861 
    
   
   
 4,991 
    
   
   
 5,852 
    
   
   
 1,472 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Towson / East Joppa Rd 2 
   
   
 MD 
    
   
   
 6,018 
    
   
   
 1,094 
    
   
   
 9,598 
    
   
   
 156 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,094 
    
   
   
 9,754 
    
   
   
 10,848 
    
   
   
 882 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Belleville 
   
   
 MI 
    
   
   
 3,763 
    
   
   
 954 
    
   
   
 4,984 
    
   
   
 116 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 954 
    
   
   
 5,100 
    
   
   
 6,054 
    
   
   
 464 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Grandville 
   
   
 MI 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 726 
    
   
   
 1,298 
    
   
   
 432 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 726 
    
   
   
 1,730 
    
   
   
 2,456 
    
   
   
 641 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Mt Clemens 
   
   
 MI 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 798 
    
   
   
 1,796 
    
   
   
 517 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 798 
    
   
   
 2,313 
    
   
   
 3,111 
    
   
   
 739 
    
 
   08/31/2007 
   
 Florissant 
   
   
 MO 
    
   
   
 3,311 
    
   
   
 1,241 
    
   
   
 4,648 
    
   
   
 346 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,241 
    
   
   
 4,994 
    
   
   
 6,235 
    
   
   
 1,254 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Grandview 
   
   
 MO 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 612 
    
   
   
 1,770 
    
   
   
 417 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 612 
    
   
   
 2,187 
    
   
   
 2,799 
    
   
   
 784 
    
 
   06/01/2000 
   
 St Louis / Forest Park 
   
   
 MO 
    
   
   
 2,479 
    
   
   
 156 
    
   
   
 1,313 
    
   
   
 634 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 173 
    
   
   
 1,930 
    
   
   
 2,103 
    
   
   
 899 
    
 
   08/31/2007 
   
 St Louis / Gravois Rd 
   
   
 MO 
    
   
   
 2,607 
    
   
   
 676 
    
   
   
 3,551 
    
   
   
 351 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 676 
    
   
   
 3,902 
    
   
   
 4,578 
    
   
   
 994 
    
 
   06/01/2000 
   
 St Louis / Halls Ferry Rd 
   
   
 MO 
    
   
   
 2,507 
    
   
   
 631 
    
   
   
 2,159 
    
   
   
 691 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 690 
    
   
   
 2,791 
    
   
   
 3,481 
    
   
   
 1,178 
    
 
   08/31/2007 
   
 St Louis / Old Tesson Rd 
   
   
 MO 
    
   
   
 6,397 
    
   
   
 1,444 
    
   
   
 4,162 
    
   
   
 366 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,444 
    
   
   
 4,528 
    
   
   
 5,972 
    
   
   
 1,139 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Biloxi 
   
   
 MS 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 770 
    
   
   
 3,947 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 770 
    
   
   
 3,971 
    
   
   
 4,741 
    
   
   
 25 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Canton 
   
   
 MS 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,240 
    
   
   
 7,767 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,240 
    
   
   
 7,776 
    
   
   
 9,016 
    
   
   
 50 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Ridgeland 
   
   
 MS 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 410 
    
   
   
 9,135 
    
   
   
 32 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 410 
    
   
   
 9,167 
    
   
   
 9,577 
    
   
   
 59 
    
 
   10/15/2013 
   
 Cary 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 4,229 
    
   
   
 3,614 
    
   
   
 1,788 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,614 
    
   
   
 1,801 
    
   
   
 5,415 
    
   
   
 102 
    
 
   05/05/2015 
   
 Charlotte / Monroe Rd 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,050 
    
   
   
 6,867 
    
   
   
 136 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,050 
    
   
   
 7,003 
    
   
   
 11,053 
    
   
   
 90 
    
 
   12/08/2015 
   
 Charlotte / S Tryon St 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,372 
    
   
   
 3,931 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,372 
    
   
   
 3,932 
    
   
   
 5,304 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   06/19/2015 
   
 Charlotte / Wendover Rd 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,408 
    
   
   
 5,461 
    
   
   
 55 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,408 
    
   
   
 5,516 
    
   
   
 6,924 
    
   
   
 71 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Concord 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 770 
    
   
   
 4,873 
    
   
   
 27 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 770 
    
   
   
 4,900 
    
   
   
 5,670 
    
   
   
 31 
    
 
   12/11/2014 
   
 Greensboro / High Point Rd 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 3,712 
    
   
   
 1,069 
    
   
   
 4,199 
    
   
   
 70 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,069 
    
   
   
 4,269 
    
   
   
 5,338 
    
   
   
 113 
    
      109  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   12/11/2014 
   
 Greensboro / Lawndale Drive 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 6,502 
    
   
   
 3,725 
    
   
   
 7,036 
    
   
   
 112 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,723 
    
   
   
 7,150 
    
   
   
 10,873 
    
   
   
 189 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Hickory 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 5,844 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 5,862 
    
   
   
 6,262 
    
   
   
 37 
    
 
   12/11/2014 
   
 Hickory 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 3,329 
    
   
   
 875 
    
   
   
 5,418 
    
   
   
 60 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 875 
    
   
   
 5,478 
    
   
   
 6,353 
    
   
   
 146 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Morganton 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 600 
    
   
   
 5,724 
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 600 
    
   
   
 5,746 
    
   
   
 6,346 
    
   
   
 37 
    
 
   06/18/2014 
   
 Raleigh 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,940 
    
   
   
 4,265 
    
   
   
 72 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,940 
    
   
   
 4,337 
    
   
   
 7,277 
    
   
   
 174 
    
 
   12/11/2014 
   
 Winston-Salem / Peters Creek Pkwy 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 3,011 
    
   
   
 1,548 
    
   
   
 3,495 
    
   
   
 97 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,548 
    
   
   
 3,592 
    
   
   
 5,140 
    
   
   
 95 
    
 
   12/11/2014 
   
 Winston-Salem / University Pkwy 
   
   
 NC 
    
   
   
 4,266 
    
   
   
 1,131 
    
   
   
 5,084 
    
   
   
 66 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,131 
    
   
   
 5,150 
    
   
   
 6,281 
    
   
   
 136 
    
 
   04/15/1999 
   
 Merrimack 
   
   
 NH 
    
   
   
 3,793 
    
   
   
 754 
    
   
   
 3,299 
    
   
   
 612 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 817 
    
   
   
 3,848 
    
   
   
 4,665 
    
   
   
 1,410 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Nashua 
   
   
 NH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 755 
    
   
   
 116 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 871 
    
   
   
 871 
    
   
   
 366 
    
 
   01/01/2005 
   
 Avenel 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,518 
    
   
   
 8,037 
    
   
   
 426 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,518 
    
   
   
 8,463 
    
   
   
 9,981 
    
   
   
 2,536 
    
 
   12/28/2004 
   
 Bayville 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,648 
    
   
   
 1,193 
    
   
   
 5,312 
    
   
   
 398 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,193 
    
   
   
 5,710 
    
   
   
 6,903 
    
   
   
 1,767 
    
 
   09/01/2008 
   
 Bellmawr 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,296 
    
   
   
 3,600 
    
   
   
 4,765 
    
   
   
 390 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,675 
    
   
   
 5,080 
    
   
   
 8,755 
    
   
   
 908 
    
 
   07/18/2012 
   
 Berkeley Heights 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 6,887 
    
   
   
 1,598 
    
   
   
 7,553 
    
   
   
 197 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,598 
    
   
   
 7,750 
    
   
   
 9,348 
    
   
   
 703 
    
 
   12/18/2014 
   
 Burlington 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,846 
    
   
   
 477 
    
   
   
 6,534 
    
   
   
 153 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 477 
    
   
   
 6,687 
    
   
   
 7,164 
    
   
   
 182 
    
 
   10/07/2015 
   
 Cherry Hill / Church Rd 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,057 
    
   
   
 6,037 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,057 
    
   
   
 6,044 
    
   
   
 7,101 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Cherry Hill / Marlton Pike 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 2,534 
    
   
   
 2,323 
    
   
   
 1,549 
    
   
   
 321 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,323 
    
   
   
 1,870 
    
   
   
 4,193 
    
   
   
 171 
    
 
   12/18/2014 
   
 Cherry Hill / Rockhill Rd 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 1,960 
    
   
   
 536 
    
   
   
 3,407 
    
   
   
 56 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 536 
    
   
   
 3,463 
    
   
   
 3,999 
    
   
   
 96 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Cranbury 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 6,910 
    
   
   
 3,543 
    
   
   
 5,095 
    
   
   
 771 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,543 
    
   
   
 5,866 
    
   
   
 9,409 
    
   
   
 480 
    
 
   12/18/2014 
   
 Denville 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 8,926 
    
   
   
 584 
    
   
   
 14,398 
    
   
   
 110 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 584 
    
   
   
 14,508 
    
   
   
 15,092 
    
   
   
 386 
    
 
   12/31/2001 
   
 Edison 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 8,591 
    
   
   
 2,519 
    
   
   
 8,547 
    
   
   
 1,638 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,518 
    
   
   
 10,186 
    
   
   
 12,704 
    
   
   
 3,536 
    
 
   12/31/2001 
   
 Egg Harbor Township 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,980 
    
   
   
 1,724 
    
   
   
 5,001 
    
   
   
 723 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,724 
    
   
   
 5,724 
    
   
   
 7,448 
    
   
   
 2,315 
    
 
   03/15/2007 
   
 Ewing 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,552 
    
   
   
 4,720 
    
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 (c, d 
 )  
   
   
 1,562 
    
   
   
 4,666 
    
   
   
 6,228 
    
   
   
 1,136 
    
 
   07/18/2012 
   
 Fairfield 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 6,001 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,402 
    
   
   
 105 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,507 
    
   
   
 9,507 
    
   
   
 862 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Fort Lee / Bergen Blvd 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 12,649 
    
   
   
 4,402 
    
   
   
 9,831 
    
   
   
 319 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,402 
    
   
   
 10,150 
    
   
   
 14,552 
    
   
   
 836 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Fort Lee / Main St 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,280 
    
   
   
 27,409 
    
   
   
 33 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,280 
    
   
   
 27,442 
    
   
   
 29,722 
    
   
   
 176 
    
 
   03/15/2001 
   
 Glen Rock 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,109 
    
   
   
 2,401 
    
   
   
 559 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,222 
    
   
   
 2,847 
    
   
   
 4,069 
    
   
   
 1,048 
    
 
   12/18/2014 
   
 Hackensack / Railroad Ave 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 7,630 
    
   
   
 2,053 
    
   
   
 9,882 
    
   
   
 95 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,053 
    
   
   
 9,977 
    
   
   
 12,030 
    
   
   
 268 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Hackensack / South River St 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,283 
    
   
   
 11,234 
    
   
   
 911 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,283 
    
   
   
 12,145 
    
   
   
 14,428 
    
   
   
 3,650 
    
 
   08/23/2012 
   
 Hackettstown 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 5,879 
    
   
   
 2,144 
    
   
   
 6,660 
    
   
   
 144 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,144 
    
   
   
 6,804 
    
   
   
 8,948 
    
   
   
 619 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Harrison 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,529 
    
   
   
 300 
    
   
   
 6,003 
    
   
   
 260 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 300 
    
   
   
 6,263 
    
   
   
 6,563 
    
   
   
 574 
    
 
   12/31/2001 
   
 Hazlet 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 7,580 
    
   
   
 1,362 
    
   
   
 10,262 
    
   
   
 1,781 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,362 
    
   
   
 12,043 
    
   
   
 13,405 
    
   
   
 4,100 
    
 
   07/02/2002 
   
 Hoboken 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 7,765 
    
   
   
 2,687 
    
   
   
 6,092 
    
   
   
 324 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,687 
    
   
   
 6,416 
    
   
   
 9,103 
    
   
   
 2,302 
    
 
   12/31/2001 
   
 Howell 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,259 
    
   
   
 2,440 
    
   
   
 3,407 
    
   
   
 450 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,440 
    
   
   
 3,857 
    
   
   
 6,297 
    
   
   
 1,559 
    
 
   12/31/2001 
   
 Iselin 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 4,696 
    
   
   
 505 
    
   
   
 4,524 
    
   
   
 584 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 505 
    
   
   
 5,108 
    
   
   
 5,613 
    
   
   
 2,048 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Jersey City 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,050 
    
   
   
 16,342 
    
   
   
 113 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8,050 
    
   
   
 16,455 
    
   
   
 24,505 
    
   
   
 106 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Lawnside 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 5,000 
    
   
   
 1,249 
    
   
   
 5,613 
    
   
   
 284 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,249 
    
   
   
 5,897 
    
   
   
 7,146 
    
   
   
 497 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 Lawrenceville 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 5,261 
    
   
   
 3,402 
    
   
   
 10,230 
    
   
   
 534 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,402 
    
   
   
 10,764 
    
   
   
 14,166 
    
   
   
 3,466 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Linden 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,673 
    
   
   
 1,517 
    
   
   
 8,384 
    
   
   
 291 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,517 
    
   
   
 8,675 
    
   
   
 10,192 
    
   
   
 2,440 
    
 
   12/22/2004 
   
 Lumberton 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,986 
    
   
   
 831 
    
   
   
 4,060 
    
   
   
 292 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 831 
    
   
   
 4,352 
    
   
   
 5,183 
    
   
   
 1,395 
    
 
   03/15/2001 
   
 Lyndhurst 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,679 
    
   
   
 4,644 
    
   
   
 1,032 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,928 
    
   
   
 5,427 
    
   
   
 8,355 
    
   
   
 1,951 
    
      110  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   08/23/2012 
   
 Mahwah 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 10,934 
    
   
   
 1,890 
    
   
   
 13,112 
    
   
   
 275 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,890 
    
   
   
 13,387 
    
   
   
 15,277 
    
   
   
 1,225 
    
 
   12/16/2011 
   
 Maple Shade 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 4,043 
    
   
   
 1,093 
    
   
   
 5,492 
    
   
   
 180 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,093 
    
   
   
 5,672 
    
   
   
 6,765 
    
   
   
 631 
    
 
   12/07/2001 
   
 Metuchen 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 5,491 
    
   
   
 1,153 
    
   
   
 4,462 
    
   
   
 355 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,153 
    
   
   
 4,817 
    
   
   
 5,970 
    
   
   
 1,796 
    
 
   08/28/2012 
   
 Montville 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 7,958 
    
   
   
 1,511 
    
   
   
 11,749 
    
   
   
 130 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,511 
    
   
   
 11,879 
    
   
   
 13,390 
    
   
   
 1,054 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 Morrisville 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,487 
    
   
   
 7,494 
    
   
   
 2,202 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,688 
    
   
   
 10,495 
    
   
   
 12,183 
    
   
   
 2,855 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Mt Laurel 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 2,993 
    
   
   
 329 
    
   
   
 5,217 
    
   
   
 184 
    
   
 
   
   
 329 
    
   
   
 5,401 
    
   
   
 5,730 
    
   
   
 508 
    
 
   11/02/2006 
   
 Neptune 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 7,235 
    
   
   
 4,204 
    
   
   
 8,906 
    
   
   
 380 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,204 
    
   
   
 9,286 
    
   
   
 13,490 
    
   
   
 2,297 
    
 
   07/18/2012 
   
 Newark 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 7,330 
    
   
   
 806 
    
   
   
 8,340 
    
   
   
 137 
    
   
 
   
   
 806 
    
   
   
 8,477 
    
   
   
 9,283 
    
   
   
 775 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 North Bergen / 83rd St 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 10,002 
    
   
   
 2,299 
    
   
   
 12,728 
    
   
   
 540 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,299 
    
   
   
 13,268 
    
   
   
 15,567 
    
   
   
 3,768 
    
 
   10/06/2011 
   
 North Bergen / Kennedy Blvd 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 861 
    
   
   
 17,127 
    
   
   
 242 
    
   
 
   
   
 861 
    
   
   
 17,369 
    
   
   
 18,230 
    
   
   
 1,902 
    
 
   07/25/2003 
   
 North Bergen / River Rd 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 8,935 
    
   
   
 2,100 
    
   
   
 6,606 
    
   
   
 330 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,100 
    
   
   
 6,936 
    
   
   
 9,036 
    
   
   
 2,366 
    
 
   07/18/2012 
   
 North Brunswick 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 6,128 
    
   
   
 2,789 
    
   
   
 4,404 
    
   
   
 150 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,789 
    
   
   
 4,554 
    
   
   
 7,343 
    
   
   
 435 
    
 
   12/31/2001 
   
 Old Bridge 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 5,525 
    
   
   
 2,758 
    
   
   
 6,450 
    
   
   
 1,005 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,758 
    
   
   
 7,455 
    
   
   
 10,213 
    
   
   
 2,917 
    
 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Parlin / Cheesequake Rd 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,273 
    
   
   
 458 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,731 
    
   
   
 5,731 
    
   
   
 2,418 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Parlin / Route 9 North 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,517 
    
   
   
 4,516 
    
   
   
 560 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,517 
    
   
   
 5,076 
    
   
   
 7,593 
    
   
   
 1,728 
    
 
   07/18/2012 
   
 Parsippany 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 6,322 
    
   
   
 2,353 
    
   
   
 7,798 
    
   
   
 142 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,354 
    
   
   
 7,939 
    
   
   
 10,293 
    
   
   
 739 
    
 
   06/02/2011 
   
 Pennsauken 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 3,667 
    
   
   
 1,644 
    
   
   
 3,115 
    
   
   
 362 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,644 
    
   
   
 3,477 
    
   
   
 5,121 
    
   
   
 487 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Riverdale 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 7,158 
    
   
   
 2,000 
    
   
   
 14,541 
    
   
   
 21 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,000 
    
   
   
 14,562 
    
   
   
 16,562 
    
   
   
 93 
    
 
   12/09/2009 
   
 South Brunswick 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 2,915 
    
   
   
 1,700 
    
   
   
 5,835 
    
   
   
 161 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,700 
    
   
   
 5,996 
    
   
   
 7,696 
    
   
   
 944 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Toms River / Route 37 East 1 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 4,843 
    
   
   
 1,790 
    
   
   
 9,935 
    
   
   
 468 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,790 
    
   
   
 10,403 
    
   
   
 12,193 
    
   
   
 3,058 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Toms River / Route 37 East 2 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,800 
    
   
   
 10,765 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,800 
    
   
   
 10,779 
    
   
   
 12,579 
    
   
   
 69 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Toms River / Route 9 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 980 
    
   
   
 4,717 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
 
   
   
 980 
    
   
   
 4,742 
    
   
   
 5,722 
    
   
   
 30 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Trenton 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,180 
    
   
   
 8,007 
    
   
   
 42 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,180 
    
   
   
 8,049 
    
   
   
 10,229 
    
   
   
 51 
    
 
   12/28/2004 
   
 Union / Green Ln 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 6,222 
    
   
   
 1,754 
    
   
   
 6,237 
    
   
   
 424 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,754 
    
   
   
 6,661 
    
   
   
 8,415 
    
   
   
 2,061 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Union / Route 22 West 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 6,908 
    
   
   
 1,133 
    
   
   
 7,239 
    
   
   
 200 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,133 
    
   
   
 7,439 
    
   
   
 8,572 
    
   
   
 612 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Watchung 
   
   
 NJ 
    
   
   
 6,811 
    
   
   
 1,843 
    
   
   
 4,499 
    
   
   
 242 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,843 
    
   
   
 4,741 
    
   
   
 6,584 
    
   
   
 405 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Albuquerque / Airport Dr NW 
   
   
 NM 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 755 
    
   
   
 1,797 
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
 
   
   
 755 
    
   
   
 1,874 
    
   
   
 2,629 
    
   
   
 160 
    
 
   08/31/2007 
   
 Albuquerque / Calle Cuervo NW 
   
   
 NM 
    
   
   
 4,506 
    
   
   
 1,298 
    
   
   
 4,628 
    
   
   
 670 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,298 
    
   
   
 5,298 
    
   
   
 6,596 
    
   
   
 1,303 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Santa Fe 
   
   
 NM 
    
   
   
 5,724 
    
   
   
 3,066 
    
   
   
 7,366 
    
   
   
 431 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,066 
    
   
   
 7,797 
    
   
   
 10,863 
    
   
   
 725 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Henderson / Racetrack Rd 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 4,672 
    
   
   
 1,470 
    
   
   
 6,348 
    
   
   
 66 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,470 
    
   
   
 6,414 
    
   
   
 7,884 
    
   
   
 41 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Henderson / Stephanie Pl 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 8,048 
    
   
   
 2,934 
    
   
   
 8,897 
    
   
   
 270 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,934 
    
   
   
 9,167 
    
   
   
 12,101 
    
   
   
 757 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Las Vegas / Bonanza Rd 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 3,984 
    
   
   
 820 
    
   
   
 6,716 
    
   
   
 62 
    
   
 
   
   
 820 
    
   
   
 6,778 
    
   
   
 7,598 
    
   
   
 43 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Las Vegas / Durango Dr 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,140 
    
   
   
 4,384 
    
   
   
 50 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,140 
    
   
   
 4,434 
    
   
   
 5,574 
    
   
   
 28 
    
 
   06/22/2011 
   
 Las Vegas / Jones Blvd 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 2,402 
    
   
   
 1,441 
    
   
   
 1,810 
    
   
   
 140 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,441 
    
   
   
 1,950 
    
   
   
 3,391 
    
   
   
 272 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Las Vegas / Las Vegas Blvd 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,830 
    
   
   
 6,834 
    
   
   
 90 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,830 
    
   
   
 6,924 
    
   
   
 9,754 
    
   
   
 45 
    
 
   02/22/2000 
   
 Las Vegas / N Lamont St 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 1,144 
    
   
   
 251 
    
   
   
 717 
    
   
   
 539 
    
   
 
   
   
 278 
    
   
   
 1,229 
    
   
   
 1,507 
    
   
   
 610 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Las Vegas / North Lamb Blvd 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 2,601 
    
   
   
 279 
    
   
   
 3,900 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
 
   
   
 279 
    
   
   
 3,918 
    
   
   
 4,197 
    
   
   
 652 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Las Vegas / Pecos Rd 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,420 
    
   
   
 5,900 
    
   
   
 65 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,420 
    
   
   
 5,965 
    
   
   
 7,385 
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Las Vegas / Rancho Dr 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 590 
    
   
   
 5,899 
    
   
   
 53 
    
   
 
   
   
 590 
    
   
   
 5,952 
    
   
   
 6,542 
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Las Vegas / W Charleston Blvd 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 1,319 
    
   
   
 70 
    
   
 
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 1,389 
    
   
   
 1,939 
    
   
   
 8 
    
      111  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Las Vegas / W Sahara Ave 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 4,321 
    
   
   
 773 
    
   
   
 6,006 
    
   
   
 182 
    
   
 
   
   
 773 
    
   
   
 6,188 
    
   
   
 6,961 
    
   
   
 514 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Las Vegas / W Tropicana Ave 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 4,222 
    
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 4,936 
    
   
   
 86 
    
   
 
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 5,022 
    
   
   
 5,422 
    
   
   
 425 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 North Las Vegas 
   
   
 NV 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,260 
    
   
   
 4,589 
    
   
   
 59 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,260 
    
   
   
 4,648 
    
   
   
 5,908 
    
   
   
 29 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Ballston Spa 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 890 
    
   
   
 9,941 
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
 
   
   
 890 
    
   
   
 9,963 
    
   
   
 10,853 
    
   
   
 64 
    
 
   12/19/2007 
   
 Bohemia 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,456 
    
   
   
 1,398 
    
   
   
 394 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,456 
    
   
   
 1,792 
    
   
   
 3,248 
    
   
   
 439 
    
 
   12/01/2011 
   
 Bronx / Edson Av 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 17,369 
    
   
   
 3,450 
    
   
   
 21,210 
    
   
   
 422 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,450 
    
   
   
 21,632 
    
   
   
 25,082 
    
   
   
 2,320 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Bronx / Fordham Rd 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 9,289 
    
   
   
 3,995 
    
   
   
 11,870 
    
   
   
 798 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,995 
    
   
   
 12,668 
    
   
   
 16,663 
    
   
   
 3,948 
    
 
   10/02/2008 
   
 Brooklyn / 3rd Ave 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 19,087 
    
   
   
 12,993 
    
   
   
 10,405 
    
   
   
 386 
    
   
 
   
   
 12,993 
    
   
   
 10,791 
    
   
   
 23,784 
    
   
   
 2,108 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Brooklyn / 64th St 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 21,188 
    
   
   
 16,188 
    
   
   
 23,309 
    
   
   
 347 
    
   
 
   
   
 16,257 
    
   
   
 23,587 
    
   
   
 39,844 
    
   
   
 2,146 
    
 
   05/21/2010 
   
 Brooklyn / Atlantic Ave 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 7,790 
    
   
   
 2,802 
    
   
   
 6,536 
    
   
   
 282 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,802 
    
   
   
 6,818 
    
   
   
 9,620 
    
   
   
 1,063 
    
 
   12/11/2014 
   
 Brooklyn / Avenue M 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12,085 
    
   
   
 7,665 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 12,085 
    
   
   
 7,665 
    
   
   
 19,750 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   10/02/2008 
   
 Centereach 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 4,073 
    
   
   
 2,226 
    
   
   
 1,657 
    
   
   
 222 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,226 
    
   
   
 1,879 
    
   
   
 4,105 
    
   
   
 427 
    
 
   08/10/2012 
   
 Central Valley 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,800 
    
   
   
 12,173 
    
   
   
 475 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,800 
    
   
   
 12,648 
    
   
   
 15,448 
    
   
   
 1,182 
    
 
   11/23/2010 
   
 Freeport 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,676 
    
   
   
 3,784 
    
   
   
 892 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,676 
    
   
   
 4,676 
    
   
   
 10,352 
    
   
   
 844 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Hauppauge 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 5,482 
    
   
   
 1,238 
    
   
   
 7,095 
    
   
   
 352 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,238 
    
   
   
 7,447 
    
   
   
 8,685 
    
   
   
 697 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Hicksville 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 8,633 
    
   
   
 2,581 
    
   
   
 10,677 
    
   
   
 88 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,581 
    
   
   
 10,765 
    
   
   
 13,346 
    
   
   
 966 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Kingston 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 4,789 
    
   
   
 837 
    
   
   
 6,199 
    
   
   
 131 
    
   
 
   
   
 837 
    
   
   
 6,330 
    
   
   
 7,167 
    
   
   
 582 
    
 
   11/26/2002 
   
 Mt Vernon / N Mac Questen Pkwy 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 7,950 
    
   
   
 1,926 
    
   
   
 7,622 
    
   
   
 977 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,926 
    
   
   
 8,599 
    
   
   
 10,525 
    
   
   
 2,946 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Mt Vernon / Northwest St 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,585 
    
   
   
 6,025 
    
   
   
 2,838 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,585 
    
   
   
 8,863 
    
   
   
 10,448 
    
   
   
 2,679 
    
 
   02/07/2002 
   
 Nanuet 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 3,588 
    
   
   
 2,072 
    
   
   
 4,644 
    
   
   
 1,723 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,738 
    
   
   
 5,701 
    
   
   
 8,439 
    
   
   
 2,094 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 New Paltz 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 4,335 
    
   
   
 2,059 
    
   
   
 3,715 
    
   
   
 469 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,059 
    
   
   
 4,184 
    
   
   
 6,243 
    
   
   
 1,367 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 New York 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 18,346 
    
   
   
 3,060 
    
   
   
 16,978 
    
   
   
 779 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,060 
    
   
   
 17,757 
    
   
   
 20,817 
    
   
   
 5,088 
    
 
   12/04/2000 
   
 Plainview 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 7,475 
    
   
   
 4,287 
    
   
   
 3,710 
    
   
   
 734 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,287 
    
   
   
 4,444 
    
   
   
 8,731 
    
   
   
 1,889 
    
 
   07/18/2012 
   
 Poughkeepsie 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 5,879 
    
   
   
 1,038 
    
   
   
 7,862 
    
   
   
 135 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,038 
    
   
   
 7,997 
    
   
   
 9,035 
    
   
   
 736 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Ridge 
   
   
 NY 
    
   
   
 6,050 
    
   
   
 1,762 
    
   
   
 6,934 
    
   
   
 59 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,762 
    
   
   
 6,993 
    
   
   
 8,755 
    
   
   
 626 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Cincinnati / Glencrossing Way 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,217 
    
   
   
 1,941 
    
   
   
 185 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,217 
    
   
   
 2,126 
    
   
   
 3,343 
    
   
   
 283 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Cincinnati / Glendale-Milford Rd 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 4,444 
    
   
   
 1,815 
    
   
   
 5,733 
    
   
   
 272 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,815 
    
   
   
 6,005 
    
   
   
 7,820 
    
   
   
 805 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Cincinnati / Hamilton Ave 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,941 
    
   
   
 2,177 
    
   
   
 272 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,941 
    
   
   
 2,449 
    
   
   
 5,390 
    
   
   
 375 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Cincinnati / Wooster Pk 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 5,349 
    
   
   
 1,445 
    
   
   
 3,755 
    
   
   
 269 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,445 
    
   
   
 4,024 
    
   
   
 5,469 
    
   
   
 556 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Columbus / Innis Rd 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 483 
    
   
   
 2,654 
    
   
   
 703 
    
   
 
   
   
 483 
    
   
   
 3,357 
    
   
   
 3,840 
    
   
   
 1,181 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Columbus / Kenny Rd 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,227 
    
   
   
 5,057 
    
   
   
 78 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,227 
    
   
   
 5,135 
    
   
   
 6,362 
    
   
   
 788 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Fairfield 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 3,769 
    
   
   
 904 
    
   
   
 3,856 
    
   
   
 302 
    
   
 
   
   
 904 
    
   
   
 4,158 
    
   
   
 5,062 
    
   
   
 250 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Greenville 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 189 
    
   
   
 302 
    
   
   
 78 
    
   
 
   
   
 189 
    
   
   
 380 
    
   
   
 569 
    
   
   
 66 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Hamilton 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 673 
    
   
   
 2,910 
    
   
   
 139 
    
   
 
   
   
 673 
    
   
   
 3,049 
    
   
   
 3,722 
    
   
   
 389 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Hilliard 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 2,021 
    
   
   
 1,613 
    
   
   
 2,369 
    
   
   
 241 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,613 
    
   
   
 2,610 
    
   
   
 4,223 
    
   
   
 260 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Kent 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 220 
    
   
   
 1,206 
    
   
   
 265 
    
   
 
   
   
 220 
    
   
   
 1,471 
    
   
   
 1,691 
    
   
   
 539 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Lebanon 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 4,039 
    
   
   
 1,657 
    
   
   
 1,566 
    
   
   
 340 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,657 
    
   
   
 1,906 
    
   
   
 3,563 
    
   
   
 281 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Mentor / Heisley Rd 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 1,226 
    
   
   
 658 
    
   
   
 1,267 
    
   
   
 332 
    
   
 
   
   
 658 
    
   
   
 1,599 
    
   
   
 2,257 
    
   
   
 157 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Mentor / Mentor Ave 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 1,254 
    
   
   
 409 
    
   
   
 1,609 
    
   
   
 153 
    
   
 
   
   
 409 
    
   
   
 1,762 
    
   
   
 2,171 
    
   
   
 188 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Middletown 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 1,223 
    
   
   
 534 
    
   
   
 1,047 
    
   
   
 116 
    
   
 
   
   
 533 
    
   
   
 1,164 
    
   
   
 1,697 
    
   
   
 171 
    
      112  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Sidney 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 201 
    
   
   
 262 
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
 
   
   
 201 
    
   
   
 343 
    
   
   
 544 
    
   
   
 63 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Troy 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 273 
    
   
   
 544 
    
   
   
 127 
    
   
 
   
   
 273 
    
   
   
 671 
    
   
   
 944 
    
   
   
 118 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Washington Court House 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 197 
    
   
   
 499 
    
   
   
 71 
    
   
 
   
   
 197 
    
   
   
 570 
    
   
   
 767 
    
   
   
 90 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Whitehall 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 726 
    
   
   
 1,965 
    
   
   
 115 
    
   
 
   
   
 726 
    
   
   
 2,080 
    
   
   
 2,806 
    
   
   
 295 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Willoughby 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 1,035 
    
   
   
 155 
    
   
   
 1,811 
    
   
   
 78 
    
   
 
   
   
 155 
    
   
   
 1,889 
    
   
   
 2,044 
    
   
   
 172 
    
 
   06/27/2011 
   
 Xenia 
   
   
 OH 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 302 
    
   
   
 1,022 
    
   
   
 64 
    
   
 
   
   
 302 
    
   
   
 1,086 
    
   
   
 1,388 
    
   
   
 153 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Aloha / NW 185th Ave 
   
   
 OR 
    
   
   
 6,022 
    
   
   
 1,221 
    
   
   
 6,262 
    
   
   
 298 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,221 
    
   
   
 6,560 
    
   
   
 7,781 
    
   
   
 1,942 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Aloha / SW 229th Ave 
   
   
 OR 
    
   
   
 4,569 
    
   
   
 2,014 
    
   
   
 5,786 
    
   
   
 165 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,014 
    
   
   
 5,951 
    
   
   
 7,965 
    
   
   
 542 
    
 
   11/24/2015 
   
 Hillsboro 
   
   
 OR 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 732 
    
   
   
 9,158 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
 
   
   
 732 
    
   
   
 9,174 
    
   
   
 9,906 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   09/15/2009 
   
 King City 
   
   
 OR 
    
   
   
 2,957 
    
   
   
 2,520 
    
   
   
 6,845 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,520 
    
   
   
 6,912 
    
   
   
 9,432 
    
   
   
 1,081 
    
 
   12/28/2004 
   
 Bensalem / Bristol Pike 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 3,188 
    
   
   
 1,131 
    
   
   
 4,525 
    
   
   
 323 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,131 
    
   
   
 4,848 
    
   
   
 5,979 
    
   
   
 1,509 
    
 
   03/30/2006 
   
 Bensalem / Knights Rd. 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 3,015 
    
   
   
 197 
    
   
 
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 3,212 
    
   
   
 3,962 
    
   
   
 894 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Collegeville 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 490 
    
   
   
 6,947 
    
   
   
 103 
    
   
 
   
   
 490 
    
   
   
 7,050 
    
   
   
 7,540 
    
   
   
 46 
    
 
   11/15/1999 
   
 Doylestown 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 220 
    
   
   
 3,442 
    
   
   
 1,129 
    
   
 
   
   
 521 
    
   
   
 4,270 
    
   
   
 4,791 
    
   
   
 1,592 
    
 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Kennedy Township 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 2,529 
    
   
   
 736 
    
   
   
 3,173 
    
   
   
 285 
    
   
 
   
   
 736 
    
   
   
 3,458 
    
   
   
 4,194 
    
   
   
 1,431 
    
 
   02/06/2004 
   
 Philadelphia / Roosevelt Bl 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 5,473 
    
   
   
 1,965 
    
   
   
 5,925 
    
   
   
 1,237 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,965 
    
   
   
 7,162 
    
   
   
 9,127 
    
   
   
 2,372 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Philadelphia / Wayne Ave 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 596 
    
   
   
 10,368 
    
   
   
 44 
    
   
 
   
   
 596 
    
   
   
 10,412 
    
   
   
 11,008 
    
   
   
 1,148 
    
 
   08/03/2000 
   
 Pittsburgh / E Entry Dr 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 2,529 
    
   
   
 991 
    
   
   
 1,990 
    
   
   
 924 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,082 
    
   
   
 2,823 
    
   
   
 3,905 
    
   
   
 1,154 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Pittsburgh / Landings Dr 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 3,936 
    
   
   
 31 
    
   
 
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 3,967 
    
   
   
 4,367 
    
   
   
 25 
    
 
   05/01/2004 
   
 Pittsburgh / Penn Ave 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 3,730 
    
   
   
 889 
    
   
   
 4,117 
    
   
   
 636 
    
   
 
   
   
 889 
    
   
   
 4,753 
    
   
   
 5,642 
    
   
   
 1,991 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Skippack 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 720 
    
   
   
 4,552 
    
   
   
 80 
    
   
 
   
   
 720 
    
   
   
 4,632 
    
   
   
 5,352 
    
   
   
 29 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 West Mifflin 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 840 
    
   
   
 8,931 
    
   
   
 68 
    
   
 
   
   
 840 
    
   
   
 8,999 
    
   
   
 9,839 
    
   
   
 57 
    
 
   01/01/2011 
   
 Willow Grove 
   
   
 PA 
    
   
   
 5,058 
    
   
   
 1,297 
    
   
   
 4,027 
    
   
   
 343 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,297 
    
   
   
 4,370 
    
   
   
 5,667 
    
   
   
 624 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Johnston / Hartford Ave 
   
   
 RI 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,658 
    
   
   
 4,799 
    
   
   
 643 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,658 
    
   
   
 5,442 
    
   
   
 8,100 
    
   
   
 1,691 
    
 
   12/01/2011 
   
 Johnston / Plainfield 
   
   
 RI 
    
   
   
 1,827 
    
   
   
 533 
    
   
   
 2,127 
    
   
   
 76 
    
   
 
   
   
 533 
    
   
   
 2,203 
    
   
   
 2,736 
    
   
   
 243 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Bluffton 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,010 
    
   
   
 8,673 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 1,010 
    
   
   
 8,673 
    
   
   
 9,683 
    
   
   
 56 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Charleston / Ashley River Rd 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 5,390 
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
 
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 5,409 
    
   
   
 5,909 
    
   
   
 35 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Charleston / Glenn McConnell Pkwy 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 3,416 
    
   
   
 1,279 
    
   
   
 4,171 
    
   
   
 272 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,279 
    
   
   
 4,443 
    
   
   
 5,722 
    
   
   
 1,371 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Charleston / Maybank Hwy 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 5,601 
    
   
   
 600 
    
   
   
 9,364 
    
   
   
 31 
    
   
 
   
   
 600 
    
   
   
 9,395 
    
   
   
 9,995 
    
   
   
 60 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Charleston / Savannah Hwy 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 370 
    
   
   
 3,794 
    
   
   
 21 
    
   
 
   
   
 370 
    
   
   
 3,815 
    
   
   
 4,185 
    
   
   
 24 
    
 
   03/30/2015 
   
 Columbia / Clemson Rd 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,483 
    
   
   
 5,415 
    
   
   
 61 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,483 
    
   
   
 5,476 
    
   
   
 6,959 
    
   
   
 111 
    
 
   07/19/2012 
   
 Columbia / Decker Blvd 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 3,208 
    
   
   
 1,784 
    
   
   
 2,745 
    
   
   
 136 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,784 
    
   
   
 2,881 
    
   
   
 4,665 
    
   
   
 262 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Columbia / Harban Ct 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 2,737 
    
   
   
 838 
    
   
   
 3,312 
    
   
   
 339 
    
   
 
   
   
 839 
    
   
   
 3,650 
    
   
   
 4,489 
    
   
   
 1,153 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Columbia / Percival Rd 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 480 
    
   
   
 2,115 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 480 
    
   
   
 2,115 
    
   
   
 2,595 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Goose Creek 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,683 
    
   
   
 4,372 
    
   
   
 1,088 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,683 
    
   
   
 5,460 
    
   
   
 7,143 
    
   
   
 1,594 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Greenville 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 620 
    
   
   
 8,467 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 620 
    
   
   
 8,467 
    
   
   
 9,087 
    
   
   
 54 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Lexington / Northpoint Dr 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 780 
    
   
   
 5,732 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
 
   
   
 780 
    
   
   
 5,735 
    
   
   
 6,515 
    
   
   
 37 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Lexington / St Peters Church Rd 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 1,481 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 1,481 
    
   
   
 2,231 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Mt Pleasant / Bowman Rd 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,740 
    
   
   
 3,094 
    
   
   
 69 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,740 
    
   
   
 3,163 
    
   
   
 4,903 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Mt Pleasant / Hwy 17 N 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 4,702 
    
   
   
 4,600 
    
   
   
 2,342 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,600 
    
   
   
 2,344 
    
   
   
 6,944 
    
   
   
 15 
    
      113  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Mt Pleasant / Stockade Ln 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 14,347 
    
   
   
 11,680 
    
   
   
 19,626 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 11,680 
    
   
   
 19,626 
    
   
   
 31,306 
    
   
   
 126 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Myrtle Beach 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 510 
    
   
   
 3,921 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 510 
    
   
   
 3,921 
    
   
   
 4,431 
    
   
   
 25 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 North Charleston 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 5,809 
    
   
   
 1,250 
    
   
   
 8,753 
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,250 
    
   
   
 8,772 
    
   
   
 10,022 
    
   
   
 57 
    
 
   03/30/2015 
   
 North Charleston / Dorchester Road 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 280 
    
   
   
 5,814 
    
   
   
 71 
    
   
 
   
   
 280 
    
   
   
 5,885 
    
   
   
 6,165 
    
   
   
 119 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Summerville / Old Trolley Rd 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 450 
    
   
   
 4,454 
    
   
   
 239 
    
   
 
   
   
 450 
    
   
   
 4,693 
    
   
   
 5,143 
    
   
   
 1,442 
    
 
   12/11/2014 
   
 Taylors 
   
   
 SC 
    
   
   
 5,398 
    
   
   
 1,433 
    
   
   
 6,071 
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,433 
    
   
   
 6,148 
    
   
   
 7,581 
    
   
   
 166 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Bartlett 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 2,346 
    
   
   
 632 
    
   
   
 3,798 
    
   
   
 109 
    
   
 
   
   
 632 
    
   
   
 3,907 
    
   
   
 4,539 
    
   
   
 357 
    
 
   04/15/2011 
   
 Cordova / Houston Levee Rd 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 1,971 
    
   
   
 652 
    
   
   
 1,791 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
 
   
   
 652 
    
   
   
 1,885 
    
   
   
 2,537 
    
   
   
 265 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Cordova / N Germantown Pkwy 1 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 852 
    
   
   
 2,720 
    
   
   
 319 
    
   
 
   
   
 852 
    
   
   
 3,039 
    
   
   
 3,891 
    
   
   
 989 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Cordova / N Germantown Pkwy 2 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 6,794 
    
   
   
 8,187 
    
   
   
 4,628 
    
   
   
 80 
    
   
 
   
   
 8,187 
    
   
   
 4,708 
    
   
   
 12,895 
    
   
   
 1,077 
    
 
   01/05/2007 
   
 Cordova / Patriot Cove 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 894 
    
   
   
 2,680 
    
   
   
 161 
    
   
 
   
   
 894 
    
   
   
 2,841 
    
   
   
 3,735 
    
   
   
 717 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Franklin 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 7,000 
    
   
   
 3,357 
    
   
   
 8,984 
    
   
   
 195 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,357 
    
   
   
 9,179 
    
   
   
 12,536 
    
   
   
 778 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Knoxville / Ebenezer Rd 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 7,338 
    
   
   
 470 
    
   
   
 13,299 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 470 
    
   
   
 13,299 
    
   
   
 13,769 
    
   
   
 85 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Knoxville / Lovell Rd 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 5,152 
    
   
   
 1,360 
    
   
   
 8,475 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 1,360 
    
   
   
 8,475 
    
   
   
 9,835 
    
   
   
 54 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Lenoir City 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 5,481 
    
   
   
 850 
    
   
   
 10,738 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 850 
    
   
   
 10,738 
    
   
   
 11,588 
    
   
   
 69 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Memphis 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 570 
    
   
   
 8,893 
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
 
   
   
 570 
    
   
   
 8,919 
    
   
   
 9,489 
    
   
   
 57 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Memphis / Covington Way 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 1,599 
    
   
   
 274 
    
   
   
 2,623 
    
   
   
 39 
    
   
 
   
   
 274 
    
   
   
 2,662 
    
   
   
 2,936 
    
   
   
 244 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Memphis / Mt Moriah 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 2,518 
    
   
   
 1,617 
    
   
   
 2,875 
    
   
   
 164 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,617 
    
   
   
 3,039 
    
   
   
 4,656 
    
   
   
 260 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Memphis / Mt Moriah Terrace 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 7,925 
    
   
   
 1,313 
    
   
   
 2,928 
    
   
   
 274 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,313 
    
   
   
 3,202 
    
   
   
 4,515 
    
   
   
 428 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Memphis / Raleigh-LaGrange 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 972 
    
   
   
 110 
    
   
   
 1,280 
    
   
   
 68 
    
   
 
   
   
 110 
    
   
   
 1,348 
    
   
   
 1,458 
    
   
   
 126 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Memphis / Riverdale Bend 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 803 
    
   
   
 4,635 
    
   
   
 134 
    
   
 
   
   
 803 
    
   
   
 4,769 
    
   
   
 5,572 
    
   
   
 588 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Memphis / Summer Ave 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 3,388 
    
   
   
 1,040 
    
   
   
 3,867 
    
   
   
 172 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,040 
    
   
   
 4,039 
    
   
   
 5,079 
    
   
   
 347 
    
 
   04/13/2006 
   
 Nashville 
   
   
 TN 
    
   
   
 2,810 
    
   
   
 390 
    
   
   
 2,598 
    
   
   
 961 
    
   
 
   
   
 390 
    
   
   
 3,559 
    
   
   
 3,949 
    
   
   
 1,211 
    
 
   11/22/2006 
   
 Allen 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,410 
    
   
   
 901 
    
   
   
 5,553 
    
   
   
 292 
    
   
 
   
   
 901 
    
   
   
 5,845 
    
   
   
 6,746 
    
   
   
 1,463 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Arlington / Debbie Lane 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 742 
    
   
   
 7,072 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
 
   
   
 742 
    
   
   
 7,110 
    
   
   
 7,852 
    
   
   
 129 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Arlington / E Pioneer Pkwy 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 534 
    
   
   
 2,525 
    
   
   
 467 
    
   
 
   
   
 534 
    
   
   
 2,992 
    
   
   
 3,526 
    
   
   
 1,054 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Arlington / Randol Mill Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 5,214 
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
 
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 5,236 
    
   
   
 5,866 
    
   
   
 33 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Arlington / US 287 Frontage Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,674 
    
   
   
 567 
    
   
   
 5,340 
    
   
   
 192 
    
   
 
   
   
 567 
    
   
   
 5,532 
    
   
   
 6,099 
    
   
   
 105 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Arlington / Watson Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,701 
    
   
   
 698 
    
   
   
 3,862 
    
   
   
 247 
    
   
 
   
   
 698 
    
   
   
 4,109 
    
   
   
 4,807 
    
   
   
 79 
    
 
   01/13/2015 
   
 Austin / 1st Street 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 807 
    
   
   
 7,689 
    
   
   
 170 
    
   
 
   
   
 807 
    
   
   
 7,859 
    
   
   
 8,666 
    
   
   
 197 
    
 
   01/13/2015 
   
 Austin / Brodie Lane 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,717 
    
   
   
 1,155 
    
   
   
 8,552 
    
   
   
 185 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,155 
    
   
   
 8,737 
    
   
   
 9,892 
    
   
   
 222 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Austin / Burnet Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 8,893 
    
   
   
 870 
    
   
   
 4,455 
    
   
   
 377 
    
   
 
   
   
 870 
    
   
   
 4,832 
    
   
   
 5,702 
    
   
   
 1,542 
    
 
   01/13/2015 
   
 Austin / Capital of Texas Hwy 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,117 
    
   
   
 13,248 
    
   
   
 156 
    
   
 
   
   
 10,117 
    
   
   
 13,404 
    
   
   
 23,521 
    
   
   
 336 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Austin / McNeil Dr 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,411 
    
   
   
 4,502 
    
   
   
 76 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,411 
    
   
   
 4,578 
    
   
   
 7,989 
    
   
   
 613 
    
 
   08/08/2014 
   
 Austin / North Lamar Blvd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,041 
    
   
   
 1,047 
    
   
   
 9,969 
    
   
   
 157 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,047 
    
   
   
 10,126 
    
   
   
 11,173 
    
   
   
 362 
    
 
   04/14/2015 
   
 Baytown 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 6,586 
    
   
   
 619 
    
   
   
 7,861 
    
   
   
 55 
    
   
 
   
   
 619 
    
   
   
 7,916 
    
   
   
 8,535 
    
   
   
 103 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Coppell / Belt Line Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,295 
    
   
   
 724 
    
   
   
 5,743 
    
   
   
 206 
    
   
 
   
   
 724 
    
   
   
 5,949 
    
   
   
 6,673 
    
   
   
 108 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Coppell / Denton Tap Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,270 
    
   
   
 9,333 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,270 
    
   
   
 9,349 
    
   
   
 11,619 
    
   
   
 60 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Dallas / Clark Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,011 
    
   
   
 1,837 
    
   
   
 8,426 
    
   
   
 390 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,837 
    
   
   
 8,816 
    
   
   
 10,653 
    
   
   
 162 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Dallas / E Northwest Hwy 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,432 
    
   
   
 6,181 
    
   
   
 1,199 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,432 
    
   
   
 7,380 
    
   
   
 11,812 
    
   
   
 2,261 
    
      114  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   04/13/2006 
   
 Dallas / Garland Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 1,974 
    
   
   
 337 
    
   
   
 2,216 
    
   
   
 638 
    
   
 
   
   
 337 
    
   
   
 2,854 
    
   
   
 3,191 
    
   
   
 947 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Dallas / Haskell Ave 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 275 
    
   
   
 11,183 
    
   
   
 255 
    
   
 
   
   
 275 
    
   
   
 11,438 
    
   
   
 11,713 
    
   
   
 209 
    
 
   05/04/2006 
   
 Dallas / Inwood Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 11,106 
    
   
   
 1,980 
    
   
   
 12,501 
    
   
   
 507 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,979 
    
   
   
 13,009 
    
   
   
 14,988 
    
   
   
 3,364 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Dallas / Lyndon B Johnson Freeway 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,615 
    
   
   
 1,729 
    
   
   
 7,876 
    
   
   
 427 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,729 
    
   
   
 8,303 
    
   
   
 10,032 
    
   
   
 153 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Dallas / N Central Expressway 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 17,137 
    
   
   
 13,392 
    
   
   
 15,019 
    
   
   
 56 
    
   
 
   
   
 13,392 
    
   
   
 15,075 
    
   
   
 28,467 
    
   
   
 1,250 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Dallas / Preston Rd 1 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,082 
    
   
   
 921 
    
   
   
 7,656 
    
   
   
 119 
    
   
 
   
   
 921 
    
   
   
 7,775 
    
   
   
 8,696 
    
   
   
 719 
    
 
   08/10/2012 
   
 Dallas / Preston Rd 2 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 3,806 
    
   
   
 2,542 
    
   
   
 3,274 
    
   
   
 269 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,542 
    
   
   
 3,543 
    
   
   
 6,085 
    
   
   
 365 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Dallas / Shiloh Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 3,293 
    
   
   
 781 
    
   
   
 7,104 
    
   
   
 287 
    
   
 
   
   
 781 
    
   
   
 7,391 
    
   
   
 8,172 
    
   
   
 138 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Dallas / W Northwest Hwy 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,320 
    
   
   
 6,547 
    
   
   
 34 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,320 
    
   
   
 6,581 
    
   
   
 7,901 
    
   
   
 42 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Dallas / Walton Walker Blvd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,904 
    
   
   
 547 
    
   
   
 5,970 
    
   
   
 294 
    
   
 
   
   
 547 
    
   
   
 6,264 
    
   
   
 6,811 
    
   
   
 116 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 DeSoto 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,404 
    
   
   
 821 
    
   
   
 8,298 
    
   
   
 223 
    
   
 
   
   
 821 
    
   
   
 8,521 
    
   
   
 9,342 
    
   
   
 157 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Duncanville / E Hwy 67 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,053 
    
   
   
 1,328 
    
   
   
 4,997 
    
   
   
 234 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,328 
    
   
   
 5,231 
    
   
   
 6,559 
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Duncanville / E Wheatland Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 793 
    
   
   
 7,062 
    
   
   
 231 
    
   
 
   
   
 793 
    
   
   
 7,293 
    
   
   
 8,086 
    
   
   
 137 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 El Paso / Desert Blvd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 890 
    
   
   
 3,207 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
 
   
   
 890 
    
   
   
 3,231 
    
   
   
 4,121 
    
   
   
 21 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 El Paso / Dyer St 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 5,034 
    
   
   
 21 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 5,055 
    
   
   
 6,565 
    
   
   
 32 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 El Paso / Joe Battle Blvd 1 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,010 
    
   
   
 5,238 
    
   
   
 36 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,010 
    
   
   
 5,274 
    
   
   
 6,284 
    
   
   
 34 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 El Paso / Joe Battle Blvd 2 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 850 
    
   
   
 2,775 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
 
   
   
 850 
    
   
   
 2,803 
    
   
   
 3,653 
    
   
   
 18 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 El Paso / Woodrow Bean Dr 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 420 
    
   
   
 1,752 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
 
   
   
 420 
    
   
   
 1,763 
    
   
   
 2,183 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   05/08/2013 
   
 Euless / Mid-Cities Blvd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,342 
    
   
   
 1,374 
    
   
   
 5,636 
    
   
   
 125 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,374 
    
   
   
 5,761 
    
   
   
 7,135 
    
   
   
 405 
    
 
   04/01/2011 
   
 Euless / W Euless Blvd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,845 
    
   
   
 671 
    
   
   
 3,213 
    
   
   
 704 
    
   
 
   
   
 671 
    
   
   
 3,917 
    
   
   
 4,588 
    
   
   
 642 
    
 
   12/09/2013 
   
 Fort Worth / Mandy Lane 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,093 
    
   
   
 2,033 
    
   
   
 2,495 
    
   
   
 143 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,033 
    
   
   
 2,638 
    
   
   
 4,671 
    
   
   
 156 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Fort Worth / W Rosedale St 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,236 
    
   
   
 631 
    
   
   
 5,794 
    
   
   
 390 
    
   
 
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 6,185 
    
   
   
 6,815 
    
   
   
 1,908 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Fort Worth / White Settlement Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 3,663 
    
   
   
 3,158 
    
   
   
 2,512 
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,158 
    
   
   
 2,593 
    
   
   
 5,751 
    
   
   
 153 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Garland / Beltline Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 3,319 
    
   
   
 1,424 
    
   
   
 2,209 
    
   
   
 199 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,424 
    
   
   
 2,408 
    
   
   
 3,832 
    
   
   
 145 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Garland / Texas 66 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,598 
    
   
   
 991 
    
   
   
 6,999 
    
   
   
 188 
    
   
 
   
   
 991 
    
   
   
 7,187 
    
   
   
 8,178 
    
   
   
 135 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Grand Prairie / N Hwy 360 1 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,437 
    
   
   
 551 
    
   
   
 2,330 
    
   
   
 426 
    
   
 
   
   
 551 
    
   
   
 2,756 
    
   
   
 3,307 
    
   
   
 888 
    
 
   08/10/2012 
   
 Grand Prairie / N Hwy 360 2 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 3,121 
    
   
   
 2,327 
    
   
   
 1,551 
    
   
   
 178 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,327 
    
   
   
 1,729 
    
   
   
 4,056 
    
   
   
 184 
    
 
   11/13/2015 
   
 Houston / 3535 Katy Freeway 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,643 
    
   
   
 7,551 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
   
   
 6,643 
    
   
   
 7,551 
    
   
   
 14,194 
    
   
   
 32 
    
 
   02/05/2014 
   
 Houston / Katy Fwy 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,767 
    
   
   
 12,368 
    
   
   
 48 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,767 
    
   
   
 12,416 
    
   
   
 14,183 
    
   
   
 599 
    
 
   12/14/2010 
   
 Houston / Ryewater Dr 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 402 
    
   
   
 1,870 
    
   
   
 219 
    
   
 
   
   
 402 
    
   
   
 2,089 
    
   
   
 2,491 
    
   
   
 327 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Houston / Senate Ave 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 5,235 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 5,238 
    
   
   
 6,748 
    
   
   
 34 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Houston / South Main 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,017 
    
   
   
 4,181 
    
   
   
 125 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,017 
    
   
   
 4,306 
    
   
   
 6,323 
    
   
   
 636 
    
 
   04/13/2006 
   
 Houston / Southwest Freeway 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 8,661 
    
   
   
 2,596 
    
   
   
 8,735 
    
   
   
 419 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,596 
    
   
   
 9,154 
    
   
   
 11,750 
    
   
   
 2,394 
    
 
   02/29/2012 
   
 Houston / Space Center Blvd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,652 
    
   
   
 1,036 
    
   
   
 8,133 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,036 
    
   
   
 8,237 
    
   
   
 9,273 
    
   
   
 847 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Irving / N State Hwy 161 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 951 
    
   
   
 5,842 
    
   
   
 195 
    
   
 
   
   
 951 
    
   
   
 6,037 
    
   
   
 6,988 
    
   
   
 110 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Irving / Story Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 585 
    
   
   
 5,445 
    
   
   
 177 
    
   
 
   
   
 585 
    
   
   
 5,622 
    
   
   
 6,207 
    
   
   
 103 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Kemah 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 12,220 
    
   
   
 2,720 
    
   
   
 26,547 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,720 
    
   
   
 26,559 
    
   
   
 29,279 
    
   
   
 170 
    
 
   11/04/2013 
   
 Killeen 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,601 
    
   
   
 1,207 
    
   
   
 1,688 
    
   
   
 361 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,207 
    
   
   
 2,049 
    
   
   
 3,256 
    
   
   
 131 
    
 
   12/14/2010 
   
 La Porte 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,608 
    
   
   
 2,351 
    
   
   
 324 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,608 
    
   
   
 2,675 
    
   
   
 4,283 
    
   
   
 443 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Lewisville 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,029 
    
   
   
 2,665 
    
   
   
 6,399 
    
   
   
 219 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,665 
    
   
   
 6,618 
    
   
   
 9,283 
    
   
   
 121 
    
      115  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Mansfield 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,330 
    
   
   
 925 
    
   
   
 7,411 
    
   
   
 158 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 925 
    
   
   
 7,569 
    
   
   
 8,494 
    
   
   
 142 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Mesquite 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,536 
    
   
   
 1,910 
    
   
   
 6,580 
    
   
   
 125 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,910 
    
   
   
 6,705 
    
   
   
 8,615 
    
   
   
 123 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Midland / Andrews Hwy 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,430 
    
   
   
 8,353 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,430 
    
   
   
 8,376 
    
   
   
 9,806 
    
   
   
 54 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Midland / Loop 250 N 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,320 
    
   
   
 10,291 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,320 
    
   
   
 10,291 
    
   
   
 11,611 
    
   
   
 66 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Pearland 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,691 
    
   
   
 3,400 
    
   
   
 7,812 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,400 
    
   
   
 7,814 
    
   
   
 11,214 
    
   
   
 50 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Plano / 14th Street 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,354 
    
   
   
 1,681 
    
   
   
 7,606 
    
   
   
 215 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,681 
    
   
   
 7,821 
    
   
   
 9,502 
    
   
   
 145 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Plano / K Ave 1 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,445 
    
   
   
 1,631 
    
   
   
 8,498 
    
   
   
 425 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,631 
    
   
   
 8,923 
    
   
   
 10,554 
    
   
   
 168 
    
 
   04/15/2015 
   
 Plano / K Ave 2 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,124 
    
   
   
 1,298 
    
   
   
 5,293 
    
   
   
 149 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,298 
    
   
   
 5,442 
    
   
   
 6,740 
    
   
   
 100 
    
 
   11/22/2006 
   
 Plano / Plano Parkway 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 5,049 
    
   
   
 1,010 
    
   
   
 6,203 
    
   
   
 502 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,010 
    
   
   
 6,705 
    
   
   
 7,715 
    
   
   
 1,664 
    
 
   11/22/2006 
   
 Plano / Spring Creek 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 4,386 
    
   
   
 614 
    
   
   
 3,775 
    
   
   
 345 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 613 
    
   
   
 4,121 
    
   
   
 4,734 
    
   
   
 1,053 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Plano / Wagner Way 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,753 
    
   
   
 4,353 
    
   
   
 131 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,753 
    
   
   
 4,484 
    
   
   
 7,237 
    
   
   
 682 
    
 
   08/10/2006 
   
 Rowlett 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,092 
    
   
   
 1,002 
    
   
   
 2,601 
    
   
   
 345 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,003 
    
   
   
 2,945 
    
   
   
 3,948 
    
   
   
 806 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 San Antonio / Culebra Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,279 
    
   
   
 1,269 
    
   
   
 1,816 
    
   
   
 714 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,270 
    
   
   
 2,529 
    
   
   
 3,799 
    
   
   
 936 
    
 
   12/14/2007 
   
 San Antonio / DeZavala Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 6,194 
    
   
   
 2,471 
    
   
   
 3,556 
    
   
   
 (172 
 )  
   
   
 (e 
 )  
   
   
 2,471 
    
   
   
 3,384 
    
   
   
 5,855 
    
   
   
 789 
    
 
   10/23/2015 
   
 San Antonio / San Pedro Ave 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,140 
    
   
   
 7,560 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,140 
    
   
   
 7,567 
    
   
   
 8,707 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 San Antonio / Westchase Dr 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,405 
    
   
   
 253 
    
   
   
 1,496 
    
   
   
 238 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 253 
    
   
   
 1,734 
    
   
   
 1,987 
    
   
   
 572 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Seabrook 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,910 
    
   
   
 8,564 
    
   
   
 20 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,910 
    
   
   
 8,584 
    
   
   
 10,494 
    
   
   
 55 
    
 
   04/13/2006 
   
 South Houston 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 2,955 
    
   
   
 478 
    
   
   
 4,069 
    
   
   
 824 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 478 
    
   
   
 4,893 
    
   
   
 5,371 
    
   
   
 1,449 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Spring / I-45 North 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 3,208 
    
   
   
 506 
    
   
   
 5,096 
    
   
   
 226 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 506 
    
   
   
 5,322 
    
   
   
 5,828 
    
   
   
 511 
    
 
   08/02/2011 
   
 Spring / Treaschwig Rd 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 1,897 
    
   
   
 978 
    
   
   
 1,347 
    
   
   
 244 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 979 
    
   
   
 1,590 
    
   
   
 2,569 
    
   
   
 210 
    
 
   02/24/2015 
   
 The Woodlands 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 7,744 
    
   
   
 1,511 
    
   
   
 11,861 
    
   
   
 202 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,511 
    
   
   
 12,063 
    
   
   
 13,574 
    
   
   
 275 
    
 
   04/08/2015 
   
 Trenton 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,375 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,375 
    
   
   
 2,375 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Weatherford 
   
   
 TX 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 5,932 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 5,944 
    
   
   
 6,574 
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   10/20/2010 
   
 East Millcreek 
   
   
 UT 
    
   
   
 2,925 
    
   
   
 986 
    
   
   
 3,455 
    
   
   
 165 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 986 
    
   
   
 3,620 
    
   
   
 4,606 
    
   
   
 527 
    
 
   11/23/2010 
   
 Murray 
   
   
 UT 
    
   
   
 3,709 
    
   
   
 571 
    
   
   
 986 
    
   
   
 2,139 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 571 
    
   
   
 3,125 
    
   
   
 3,696 
    
   
   
 443 
    
 
   04/01/2011 
   
 Orem 
   
   
 UT 
    
   
   
 1,981 
    
   
   
 841 
    
   
   
 2,335 
    
   
   
 190 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 841 
    
   
   
 2,525 
    
   
   
 3,366 
    
   
   
 348 
    
 
   06/01/2004 
   
 Salt Lake City 
   
   
 UT 
    
   
   
 3,383 
    
   
   
 642 
    
   
   
 2,607 
    
   
   
 393 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 642 
    
   
   
 3,000 
    
   
   
 3,642 
    
   
   
 991 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Sandy / South 700 East 1 
   
   
 UT 
    
   
   
 5,229 
    
   
   
 1,349 
    
   
   
 4,372 
    
   
   
 552 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,349 
    
   
   
 4,924 
    
   
   
 6,273 
    
   
   
 1,467 
    
 
   09/28/2012 
   
 Sandy / South 700 East 2 
   
   
 UT 
    
   
   
 8,867 
    
   
   
 2,063 
    
   
   
 5,202 
    
   
   
 1,498 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,063 
    
   
   
 6,700 
    
   
   
 8,763 
    
   
   
 505 
    
 
   11/23/2010 
   
 West Jordan 
   
   
 UT 
    
   
   
 2,034 
    
   
   
 735 
    
   
   
 2,146 
    
   
   
 422 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 735 
    
   
   
 2,568 
    
   
   
 3,303 
    
   
   
 406 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 West Valley City 
   
   
 UT 
    
   
   
 2,665 
    
   
   
 461 
    
   
   
 1,722 
    
   
   
 193 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 461 
    
   
   
 1,915 
    
   
   
 2,376 
    
   
   
 602 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Alexandria / N Henry St 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 14,752 
    
   
   
 5,029 
    
   
   
 18,943 
    
   
   
 54 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,029 
    
   
   
 18,997 
    
   
   
 24,026 
    
   
   
 1,698 
    
 
   06/06/2007 
   
 Alexandria / S Dove St 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,620 
    
   
   
 13,103 
    
   
   
 604 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,620 
    
   
   
 13,707 
    
   
   
 15,327 
    
   
   
 3,393 
    
 
   10/20/2010 
   
 Arlington 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,802 
    
   
   
 889 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,691 
    
   
   
 5,691 
    
   
   
 2,198 
    
 
   11/01/2013 
   
 Burke 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,534 
    
   
   
 7,347 
    
   
   
 55 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 11,534 
    
   
   
 7,402 
    
   
   
 18,936 
    
   
   
 1,303 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Chantilly 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 6,230 
    
   
   
 1,100 
    
   
   
 10,606 
    
   
   
 64 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,100 
    
   
   
 10,670 
    
   
   
 11,770 
    
   
   
 68 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Chesapeake / Bruce Rd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,074 
    
   
   
 9,464 
    
   
   
 116 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,074 
    
   
   
 9,580 
    
   
   
 10,654 
    
   
   
 491 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Chesapeake / Military Hwy 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 2,507 
    
   
   
 332 
    
   
   
 4,106 
    
   
   
 115 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 332 
    
   
   
 4,221 
    
   
   
 4,553 
    
   
   
 221 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Chesapeake / Poplar Hill Rd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 5,964 
    
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 9,977 
    
   
   
 114 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 541 
    
   
   
 10,090 
    
   
   
 10,631 
    
   
   
 513 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Chesapeake / Woodlake Dr 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 8,714 
    
   
   
 4,014 
    
   
   
 14,872 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,014 
    
   
   
 14,966 
    
   
   
 18,980 
    
   
   
 759 
    
      116  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Date acquired 
 or development 
 completed 
   
   Store Name 
   
 State 
   
   
 Debt 
   
   
 Land initial cost 
   
   
 Building and improvements initial cost 
   
   
 Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition 
   
   
 Notes 
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 Accumulated depreciation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       Land       
   
   
 Building and     improvements     
   
   
       Total       
   
   


 
   05/26/2011 
   
 Dumfries 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 932 
    
   
   
 9,349 
    
   
   
 178 
    
   
 
   
   
 932 
    
   
   
 9,527 
    
   
   
 10,459 
    
   
   
 1,201 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Falls Church / Hollywood Rd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 8,780 
    
   
   
 5,703 
    
   
   
 13,307 
    
   
   
 302 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,703 
    
   
   
 13,609 
    
   
   
 19,312 
    
   
   
 1,134 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Falls Church / Seminary Rd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 9,283 
    
   
   
 1,259 
    
   
   
 6,975 
    
   
   
 416 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,259 
    
   
   
 7,391 
    
   
   
 8,650 
    
   
   
 2,177 
    
 
   11/30/2012 
   
 Fredericksburg / Jefferson Davis Hwy 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 2,926 
    
   
   
 1,438 
    
   
   
 2,459 
    
   
   
 173 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,438 
    
   
   
 2,632 
    
   
   
 4,070 
    
   
   
 240 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Fredericksburg / Plank Rd 1 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,191 
    
   
   
 2,128 
    
   
   
 5,398 
    
   
   
 117 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,128 
    
   
   
 5,515 
    
   
   
 7,643 
    
   
   
 501 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Fredericksburg / Plank Rd 2 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,170 
    
   
   
 6,717 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,170 
    
   
   
 6,755 
    
   
   
 9,925 
    
   
   
 43 
    
 
   12/18/2014 
   
 Glen Allen 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 5,037 
    
   
   
 609 
    
   
   
 8,220 
    
   
   
 48 
    
   
 
   
   
 609 
    
   
   
 8,268 
    
   
   
 8,877 
    
   
   
 220 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Hampton / Big Bethel Rd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,043 
    
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 6,697 
    
   
   
 45 
    
   
 
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 6,742 
    
   
   
 7,292 
    
   
   
 43 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Hampton / LaSalle Ave 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 610 
    
   
   
 8,883 
    
   
   
 101 
    
   
 
   
   
 610 
    
   
   
 8,984 
    
   
   
 9,594 
    
   
   
 58 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Hampton / Pembroke Ave 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,849 
    
   
   
 7,040 
    
   
   
 124 
    
   
 
   
   
 7,849 
    
   
   
 7,164 
    
   
   
 15,013 
    
   
   
 366 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Manassas 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 6,242 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
 
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 6,280 
    
   
   
 7,030 
    
   
   
 40 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Newport News / Denbigh Blvd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 5,614 
    
   
   
 4,619 
    
   
   
 5,870 
    
   
   
 126 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,619 
    
   
   
 5,996 
    
   
   
 10,615 
    
   
   
 312 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Newport News / J Clyde Morris Blvd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 5,347 
    
   
   
 4,838 
    
   
   
 6,124 
    
   
   
 138 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,838 
    
   
   
 6,262 
    
   
   
 11,100 
    
   
   
 327 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Newport News / Tyler Ave 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,503 
    
   
   
 2,740 
    
   
   
 4,955 
    
   
   
 124 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,740 
    
   
   
 5,079 
    
   
   
 7,819 
    
   
   
 271 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Norfolk / Granby St 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,835 
    
   
   
 1,785 
    
   
   
 8,543 
    
   
   
 101 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,785 
    
   
   
 8,644 
    
   
   
 10,429 
    
   
   
 443 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Norfolk / Naval Base Rd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,314 
    
   
   
 4,078 
    
   
   
 5,975 
    
   
   
 137 
    
   
 
   
   
 4,078 
    
   
   
 6,112 
    
   
   
 10,190 
    
   
   
 322 
    
 
   03/17/2015 
   
 Portsmouth 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 2,687 
    
   
   
 118 
    
   
   
 4,797 
    
   
   
 234 
    
   
 
   
   
 118 
    
   
   
 5,031 
    
   
   
 5,149 
    
   
   
 108 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Richmond / Hull St 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 6,514 
    
   
   
 2,016 
    
   
   
 9,425 
    
   
   
 111 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,016 
    
   
   
 9,536 
    
   
   
 11,552 
    
   
   
 488 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Richmond / Laburnum Ave 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 8,385 
    
   
   
 5,945 
    
   
   
 7,613 
    
   
   
 150 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,945 
    
   
   
 7,763 
    
   
   
 13,708 
    
   
   
 406 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Richmond / Midlothian Turnpike 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,925 
    
   
   
 2,735 
    
   
   
 5,699 
    
   
   
 121 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,735 
    
   
   
 5,820 
    
   
   
 8,555 
    
   
   
 304 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Richmond / Old Staples Mill Rd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 6,861 
    
   
   
 5,905 
    
   
   
 6,869 
    
   
   
 121 
    
   
 
   
   
 5,905 
    
   
   
 6,990 
    
   
   
 12,895 
    
   
   
 365 
    
 
   08/26/2004 
   
 Richmond / W Broad St 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,445 
    
   
   
 2,305 
    
   
   
 5,467 
    
   
   
 372 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,305 
    
   
   
 5,839 
    
   
   
 8,144 
    
   
   
 1,759 
    
 
   10/01/2015 
   
 Sandston 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 6,470 
    
   
   
 570 
    
   
   
 10,525 
    
   
   
 65 
    
   
 
   
   
 570 
    
   
   
 10,590 
    
   
   
 11,160 
    
   
   
 68 
    
 
   09/20/2012 
   
 Stafford / Jefferson Davis Hwy 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,309 
    
   
   
 1,172 
    
   
   
 5,562 
    
   
   
 138 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,172 
    
   
   
 5,700 
    
   
   
 6,872 
    
   
   
 511 
    
 
   01/23/2009 
   
 Stafford / SUSA Dr 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 4,305 
    
   
   
 2,076 
    
   
   
 5,175 
    
   
   
 146 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,076 
    
   
   
 5,321 
    
   
   
 7,397 
    
   
   
 975 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Virginia Beach / General Booth Blvd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 7,265 
    
   
   
 1,142 
    
   
   
 11,721 
    
   
   
 107 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,142 
    
   
   
 11,828 
    
   
   
 12,970 
    
   
   
 600 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Virginia Beach / Kempsville Rd 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 7,513 
    
   
   
 3,934 
    
   
   
 11,413 
    
   
   
 85 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,934 
    
   
   
 11,498 
    
   
   
 15,432 
    
   
   
 582 
    
 
   01/07/2014 
   
 Virginia Beach / Village Dr 
   
   
 VA 
    
   
   
 9,548 
    
   
   
 331 
    
   
   
 13,175 
    
   
   
 113 
    
   
 
   
   
 331 
    
   
   
 13,288 
    
   
   
 13,619 
    
   
   
 681 
    
 
   02/15/2006 
   
 Lakewood / 80th St 
   
   
 WA 
    
   
   
 4,350 
    
   
   
 1,389 
    
   
   
 4,780 
    
   
   
 320 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,390 
    
   
   
 5,099 
    
   
   
 6,489 
    
   
   
 1,393 
    
 
   02/15/2006 
   
 Lakewood / Pacific Hwy 
   
   
 WA 
    
   
   
 4,352 
    
   
   
 1,917 
    
   
   
 5,256 
    
   
   
 227 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,918 
    
   
   
 5,482 
    
   
   
 7,400 
    
   
   
 1,467 
    
 
   04/30/2014 
   
 Puyallup 
   
   
 WA 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 437 
    
   
   
 3,808 
    
   
   
 72 
    
   
 
   
   
 437 
    
   
   
 3,880 
    
   
   
 4,317 
    
   
   
 172 
    
 
   07/01/2005 
   
 Seattle 
   
   
 WA 
    
   
   
 7,159 
    
   
   
 2,727 
    
   
   
 7,241 
    
   
   
 360 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,727 
    
   
   
 7,601 
    
   
   
 10,328 
    
   
   
 2,152 
    
 
   02/15/2006 
   
 Tacoma 
   
   
 WA 
    
   
   
 3,353 
    
   
   
 1,031 
    
   
   
 3,103 
    
   
   
 155 
    
   
 
   
   
 1,031 
    
   
   
 3,258 
    
   
   
 4,289 
    
   
   
 901 
    
 
   07/02/2012 
   
 Vancouver 
   
   
 WA 
    
   
   
 3,025 
    
   
   
 709 
    
   
   
 4,280 
    
   
   
 154 
    
   
 
   
   
 709 
    
   
   
 4,434 
    
   
   
 5,143 
    
   
   
 403 
    
 
   Various 
   
 Other corporate assets 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,202 
    
   
   
 78,352 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 80,554 
    
   
   
 80,554 
    
   
   
 17,442 
    
 
   Various 
   
 Construction in progress 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 24,909 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 24,909 
    
   
   
 24,909 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Various 
   
 Intangible tenant relationships and lease rights 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 83,610 
    
   
   
 21,159 
    
   
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 104,769 
    
   
   
 104,769 
    
   
   
 80,503 
    
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 2,774,378 
    
   
 $ 
 1,402,731 
    
   
 $ 
 4,654,170 
    
   
 $ 
 360,495 
    
   
 
   
 $ 
 1,401,322 
    
   
 $ 
 5,016,074 
    
   
 $ 
 6,417,396 
    
   
 $ 
 728,087 
    
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      117  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 Schedule III    Real
Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued)    (Dollars in thousands)  
   
    
 
 
 (a) 
 Adjustment relates to partial disposition of land  
 
 
 (b) 
 Adjustment relates to property casualty loss  
 
 
 (c) 
 Adjustment relates to asset transfers between land, building and/or equipment  
 
 
 (d) 
 Adjustment relates to impairment charge  
 
 
 (e) 
 Adjustment relates to a purchase price adjustment  
 
 
 (f) 
 Adjustment relates to the acquisition of a joint venture partner’s interest  
      118  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Activity in real estate facilities during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013
is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Operating facilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 4,722,162 
    
    
 $ 
 4,126,648 
    
    
 $ 
 3,379,512 
    
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 1,609,608 
    
    
   
 557,158 
    
    
   
 711,710 
    
 
   Improvements 
    
   
 46,696 
    
    
   
 32,861 
    
    
   
 37,949 
    
 
   Transfers from construction in progress 
    
   
 19,971 
    
    
   
 12,308 
    
    
   
 3,643 
    
 
   Dispositions and other 
    
   
 (5,950 
 )  
    
   
 (6,813 
 )  
    
   
 (6,166 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 6,392,487 
    
    
 $ 
 4,722,162 
    
    
 $ 
 4,126,648 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated depreciation: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 604,336 
    
    
 $ 
 496,754 
    
    
 $ 
 391,928 
    
 
   Depreciation expense 
    
   
 123,751 
    
    
   
 109,531 
    
    
   
 104,963 
    
 
   Dispositions and other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (1,949 
 )  
    
   
 (137 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 728,087 
    
    
 $ 
 604,336 
    
    
 $ 
 496,754 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Real estate under development/redevelopment: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 17,870 
    
    
 $ 
 6,650 
    
    
 $ 
 4,138 
    
 
   Current development 
    
   
 27,010 
    
    
   
 23,528 
    
    
   
 6,466 
    
 
   Transfers to operating facilities 
    
   
 (19,971 
 )  
    
   
 (12,308 
 )  
    
   
 (3,954 
 )  
 
   Dispositions and other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 24,909 
    
    
 $ 
 17,870 
    
    
 $ 
 6,650 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net real estate assets 
    
 $ 
 5,689,309 
    
    
 $ 
 4,135,696 
    
    
 $ 
 3,636,544 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The aggregate cost of real estate for U.S. federal income tax purposes is $5,758,588.  
      119  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
 None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures      
 
 
 (i) 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures    We maintain disclosure controls and procedures to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
based on the definition of “disclosure controls and procedures” in  Rule 13a-15(e)  of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to
apply its judgment in evaluating the  cost-benefit  relationship of possible controls and procedures.  
 We have a disclosure committee that is responsible for considering the materiality of information and determining the disclosure obligations
of the Company on a timely basis. The disclosure committee meets quarterly and reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.  
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report.      
 
 
 (ii) 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting      
 
 
 (a) 
 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in  Rule 13a-15(f)  of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2015.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued the following attestation report over our
internal control over financial reporting.  
      120  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (b) 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm    Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm    The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Extra Space Storage Inc.  
 We have audited Extra Space Storage Inc.’s (the “Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Extra Space Storage Inc.’s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    In our opinion, Extra Space Storage Inc.
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the COSO criteria.  
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2015, and 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 of
Extra Space Storage Inc. and our report dated February 29, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
 Salt Lake City, Utah    February 29, 2016  
      121  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (c) 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act  Rule 13a-15(f))  that occurred during our most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.      
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information    None.  
      122  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART III  
   
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    Information required by this
item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Executive Officers,” and “Information About the Board of Directors and its Committees” in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2014.    We have adopted a
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in compliance with rules of the SEC that applies to all of our personnel, including our board of directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics is available free of charge on the “Investor Relations—Corporate Governance” section of our web site at www.extraspace.com. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of  Form 8-K  regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our web site at the address and location specified above.  
 The board of directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters for our Audit Committee and Compensation, Nominating and
Governance Committee, each of which is posted on our website at the address and location specified above. Investors may obtain a free copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the committee charters by
contacting the Investor Relations Department at 2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 400, Salt Lake City, Utah 84121, Attn: Clint Halverson or by telephoning  (801) 365-4600.   
   
 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation    Information with respect to executive compensation is
incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption “Executive Compensation” in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within
120 days after December 31, 2015.      
 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
 Information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is incorporated by
reference to the information set forth under the captions “Executive Compensation” and “Security Ownership of Directors and Officers” in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2015.      
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    Information
with respect to certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Information about the Board of Directors and its Committees” and “Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2015.  
   
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services    Information with respect to principal accounting
fees and services is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption “Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2015.  
      123  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV  
   
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules      
 
 
 (a) 
 Documents filed as part of this report:    (1) and (2). All Financial Statements
and Financial Statement Schedules filed as part of this Annual Report on  10-K  are included in Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on  10-K  and reference is made thereto.    (3) The following documents are filed or
incorporated by references as exhibits to this report:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
     2.1 
    
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 5, 2005 by and among Security Capital Self Storage Incorporated, as seller and Extra Space Storage LLC, PRISA Self Storage LLC, PRISA II Self Storage LLC, PRISA III Self
Storage LLC, VRS Self Storage LLC, WCOT Self Storage LLC and Extra Space Storage LP, as purchaser parties and The Prudential Insurance Company of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on May 11, 2005). 
 
 
 
 
     2.2 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 15, 2015, among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP, Edgewater REIT Acquisition (MD) LLC, Edgewater Partnership Acquisition (DE) LLC, SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. and
SmartStop Self Storage Operating Partnership, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
     2.3 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 16, 2015, among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP, Edgewater REIT Acquisition (MD) LLC, Edgewater Partnership Acquisition (DE) LLC, SmartStop Self
Storage, Inc. and SmartStop Self Storage Operating Partnership, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
     3.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Extra Space Storage Inc.(1) 
 
 
 
 
     3.2 
    
 Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated September 28, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on
October 3, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
     3.3 
    
 Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated August 29, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on
August 29, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
     3.4 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Extra Space Storage Inc.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on May 26, 2009) 
 
 
 
 
     3.5 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Extra Space Storage Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed December 23, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
     3.6 
    
 Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Extra Space Storage LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on
December 6, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
     3.7 
    
 Declaration of Trust of ESS Holdings Business Trust II.(1) 
 
 
 
 
     4.1 
    
 Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of July 27, 2005, between Extra Space Storage LP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on August 2, 2005). 
 
 
 
 
     4.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2005, among Extra Space Storage LP, as depositor and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as property trustee, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as
Delaware trustee, the Administrative Trustees named therein and the holders of undivided beneficial interest in the assets of ESS Statutory Trust III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of
 Form 8-K  filed on August 2, 2005). 
      124  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
     4.3 
    
 Junior Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of  Form 10-K  filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
     4.4 
    
 Trust Preferred Security Certificates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of  Form 10-K  filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
     4.5 
    
 Indenture, dated March 27, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, including the form of 3.625% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2027 and form of guarantee
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on March 28, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
     4.6 
    
 Indenture, dated June 21, 2013, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 and form
of guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on June 21, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
     4.7 
    
 Indenture, dated September 21, 2015, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due
2035 and the form of guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
   10.1 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Extra Space Storage Inc. and the parties listed on Schedule I thereto.(1) 
 
 
 
 
   10.2 
    
 License between Centershift Inc. and Extra Space Storage LP.(1) 
 
 
 
 
   10.3* 
    
 2004  Long-Term  Compensation Incentive Plan as amended and restated effective March 25, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on
April 14, 2008) 
 
 
 
 
   10.4* 
    
 Extra Space Storage Performance Bonus Plan.(1) 
 
 
 
 
   10.5* 
    
 Form of 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Option Award Agreement for Employees with employment agreements. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of  Form 10-K  filed on
February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.6* 
    
 Form of 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Option Award Agreement for employees without employment agreements. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of  Form 10-K  filed
on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.7* 
    
 Form of 2004  Non-Employee  Directors Share Plan Option Award Agreement for Directors. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of  Form 10-K 
filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.8 
    
 Joint Venture Agreement, dated June 1, 2004, by and between Extra Space Storage LLC and Prudential Financial, Inc.(1) 
 
 
 
 
   10.9* 
    
 Extra Space Storage  Non-Employee  Directors’ Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of  Form 10-K/A  filed on
March 22, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   10.10 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 20, 2005, among Extra Space Storage Inc. and the investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of  Form 8-K 
filed on June 24, 2005). 
 
 
 
 
   10.11 
    
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2005, among Extra Space Storage LP, ESS Statutory Trust III and the Purchaser named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
 Form 8-K  filed on August 2, 2005). 
      125  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
   10.12 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 27, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on March 28, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   10.13 
    
 Contribution Agreement, dated June 15, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP and various limited partnerships affiliated with AAAAA  Rent-A-Space. 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of  Form 10-K  filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.14 
    
 Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of  Form 8-K  filed on
June 26, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   10.15 
    
 Pledge Agreement, dated June 25, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of  Form 8-K  filed on
June 26, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   10.16 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of  Form 10-K  filed on
February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.17 
    
 First Amendment to Contribution Agreement and to Agreement Regarding Transfer of Series A Units among Extra Space Storage LP, various limited partnerships affiliated with AAAAA  Rent-A-Space,  H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe, dated September 28, 2007. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on
October 3, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   10.18 
    
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2012, between Extra Space Properties Sixty Three LLC and PRISA III  Co-Investment LLC  (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on April 16, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   10.19* 
    
 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of  Form 10-Q  filed on November 7, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   10.20* 
    
 First Amendment to Extra Space Storage Inc. 2004  Non-Employee  Directors’ Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of
 Form 10-Q  filed on November 7, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   10.21 
    
 Loan Agreement between ESP Seven Subsidiary LLC as Borrower and General Electric Capital Corporation as Lender, dated October 16, 2007. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of
 Form 10-K  filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.22 
    
 Subscription Agreement, dated December 31, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LLC and Extra Space Development, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of
 Form 10-K  filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.23 
    
 Revolving Promissory Note between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as Lender, dated February 13, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of
 Form 10-K  filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.24 
    
 Revolving Line of Credit between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as Lender, dated February 13, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of
 Form 10-K  filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
 
 
   10.25 
    
 First Loan and Note Modification Agreement between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as lender, dated April 9, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of
 Form 10-K  filed on February 29, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   10.26 
    
 Second Loan and Note Modification Agreement between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as lender, dated May 4, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of
 Form 10-K  filed on February 29, 2012). 
      126  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
   10.27 
    
 Third Loan and Note Modification Agreement between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as lender, dated August 27, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of
 Form 10-K  filed on February 29, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   10.28 
    
 Fourth Loan and Note Modification Agreement between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as lender, dated October 19, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of
 Form 10-K  filed on February 29, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   10.29* 
    
 Extra Space Storage Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on August 31, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
   10.30 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 21, 2013, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 of  Form 8-K  filed on June 21, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
   10.31 
    
 Letter Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2013, amending the Contribution Agreement, dated June 15, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP and various limited partnerships affiliated with AAAAA Rent-A-Space, and the
Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
   10.32 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 21, 2015, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the initial purchasers
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
   21.1 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Company(2) 
 
 
 
 
   23.1 
    
 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP(2) 
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002.(2) 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002.(2) 
 
 
 
 
   32.1 
    
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of
2002.(2) 
 
 
 
 
 101 
    
 The following financial information from Registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the period ended December 31, 2014, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language
(XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements(2). 
     
 
 
 * 
 Management compensatory plan or arrangement  
 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on  Form S-11  (File  No. 333-115436  dated August 11, 2004).
 
 
 
 (2) 
 Filed herewith.  
 
 
 (c) 
 See Item 15(a)(2) above.  
      127  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 E XTRA  S PACE  S TORAGE  I NC . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  SPENCER   F .  KIRK 
 Spencer F. Kirk   Chief Executive
Officer 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  SPENCER   F .  KIRK 
 Spencer F. Kirk   Chief Executive
Officer   (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  P .  SCOTT   STUBBS 
 P. Scott Stubbs   Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial   Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  GRACE   KUNDE 
 Grace Kunde   Senior Vice
President, Accounting and Finance   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  KENNETH   M .  WOOLLEY 
 Kenneth M. Woolley   Executive
Chairman 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  KARL   HAAS 
 Karl Haas  
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  ROGER   B .  PORTER 
 Roger B. Porter 
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  K .  FRED   SKOUSEN 
 K. Fred Skousen 
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By:     
   
   / S /  DIANE   OLMSTEAD 
 Diane Olmstead 
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 29, 2016 
   
 By: 
   
   / S /  GARY   B .  SABIN 
 Gary B. Sabin 
 Director 
 
      128  

 
 
 
