
 10-K
 1
 d866504d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K
         
 (Mark One)  
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended  December 28, 2014   
  or      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 Commission File Number 001-32242      
     Domino’s
Pizza, Inc.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
       
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 DELAWARE 
   
 38-2511577 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
   30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive   Ann Arbor, Michigan 
   
 48105 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (734) 930-3030  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class: 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered: 


 
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
   
 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None   
         Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act:    Yes   x     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act:    Yes   ¨     No   x     Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days:    Yes   x     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files):    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K:   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 x 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ¨   (do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act):    Yes   ¨     No   x     The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. as of June 15, 2014 computed by reference to the closing price of
Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on such date was $3,969,974,918.    As of February 17, 2015,
Domino’s Pizza, Inc. had 55,630,531 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding.    Documents
incorporated by reference:    Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be furnished to shareholders of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. in
connection with the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 21, 2015 are incorporated by reference into Part III.      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 Page No. 
   


 
 Part I  
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
   
   Business. 
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Item 1A. 
   
   Risk Factors. 
    
   
 11 
    
 
   Item 1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments. 
    
   
 19 
    
 
   Item 2. 
   
   Properties. 
    
   
 19 
    
 
   Item 3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings. 
    
   
 19 
    
 
   Item 4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures.  
    
   
 19 
    
 
 
 
 Part II  
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
   
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   Item 6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data. 
    
   
 22 
    
 
   Item 7. 
   
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. 
    
   
 24 
    
 
   Item 7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
   
 38 
    
 
   Item 8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
    
   
 39 
    
 
   Item 9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure. 
    
   
 69 
    
 
   Item 9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures. 
    
   
 69 
    
 
   Item 9B. 
   
   Other Information. 
    
   
 69 
    
 
 
 
 Part III  
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
    
   
 70 
    
 
   Item 11. 
   
   Executive Compensation. 
    
   
 72 
    
 
   Item 12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters. 
    
   
 72 
    
 
   Item 13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
    
   
 72 
    
 
   Item 14. 
   
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
    
   
 72 
    
 
 
 
 Part IV  
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
   
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  
    
   
 73 
    
 
 
 
 
 SIGNATURES  
    
   
 82 
    
   Throughout this document, Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ) is referred to as the “Company,”
“Domino’s”, “Domino’s Pizza” or in the first person notations of “we,” “us” and “our.”    In this document, we rely on and refer to information regarding the U.S. quick service restaurant, or QSR, sector and the U.S. QSR pizza category from the CREST ®  report prepared by The NPD Group, as well as market research reports, analyst reports and other publicly-available
information. Although we believe this information to be reliable, we have not independently verified it. Domestic sales information relating to the U.S. QSR sector and the U.S. QSR pizza category represent reported consumer spending obtained by The
NPD Group’s CREST ®  report from consumer surveys. This information relates to both our Company-owned and
franchised stores.  
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part I  
 Item 1. Business.    Overview    Domino’s is the second largest pizza restaurant chain in the world, with
more than 11,600 locations in over 75 markets. Founded in 1960, our roots are in convenient pizza delivery, while a significant amount of our sales also come from carryout customers. Although we are a highly-recognized global brand, we focus on
serving the local neighborhoods in which we live and do business through our large network of franchise owners and Company-owned stores. On average, we sell more than 1.5 million pizzas each day throughout our global system.  
 Our business model is straightforward: we handcraft and serve quality food at a competitive price, with easy ordering access and efficient service, which
are enhanced by our technology innovations. Our dough is generally made fresh and distributed to stores around the world by us and our franchisees.    Domino’s generates revenues and earnings by charging royalties to its franchisees. Royalties are ongoing percent-of-sales fees for use of the Domino’s brand marks. The Company also generates
revenues and earnings by selling food, equipment and supplies to franchisees primarily in the U.S. and Canada, and by operating a number of our own stores. Franchisees profit by selling pizza and other complementary items to their local customers.
In our international markets, we generally grant geographical rights to the Domino’s Pizza ®  brand to master
franchisees. These master franchisees are charged with developing their geographical area, and they profit by sub-franchising and selling ingredients and equipment to those sub-franchisees, as well as by running pizza stores. Everyone in the system
can benefit, including the end consumer, who can feed their family Domino’s menu items conveniently and economically.    Our business model
can yield strong returns for our franchise owners and Company-owned stores. It can also yield significant cash flow to us, through a consistent franchise royalty payment and supply chain revenue stream, with moderate capital expenditures. We have
historically returned cash to shareholders through dividend payments and share buybacks since becoming a publicly-traded company.   Our
History    We pioneered the pizza delivery business and built Domino’s Pizza ®  into one of the most widely-recognized consumer brands in the world. We have been delivering quality, affordable
food to our customers since 1960, when brothers Thomas and James Monaghan borrowed $900 to purchase a small pizza store in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Thomas purchased his brother’s share of the business shortly thereafter. Concentrating first on
building stores near college campuses and military bases in the 1960s and 1970s, the brand grew quickly in the 1980s in urban markets and near residential communities. We became “Domino’s Pizza” in 1965 and opened our first franchised
store in 1967. The first international stores opened in 1983, in Canada and Australia.    Monaghan sold 93% of his economic stake in the Company
in 1998 through a leveraged buy-out transaction with Bain Capital, LLC. He sold and transferred his remaining stake in the Company in 2004, when we completed our initial public offering. In connection with the initial public offering, on
May 11, 2004, we reincorporated in Delaware.    Since 1998, the Company has been structured with a leveraged balance sheet and has
completed a number of recapitalization events. The Company’s most recent recapitalization transaction in 2012 (the “2012 Recapitalization”) primarily consisted of:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the issuance of $1.575 billion of borrowings of fixed rate notes  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the repurchase and retirement of all previously outstanding fixed rate notes  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the replacement of its existing variable funding note facility with a new $100.0 million variable funding note facility, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the payment of a special cash dividend to shareholders and related anti-dilution payments and adjustments to certain stock option holders.
   We re-launched our brand in the U.S. in late 2009 by introducing a new recipe for our core pizza
product. Since 2008, the majority of our menu has changed, either through the improvement of existing products or the introduction of new products, such as our Handmade Pan Pizza and Specialty Chicken. Globally, we opened our 10,000 th  store in 2012 and our 11,000 th  store in 2014. In 2013, we announced a plan requiring all stores to
adopt our new “Pizza Theater” store design, which is more inviting to customers and allows them to see their orders being made fresh in front of them. Our goal is to be substantially complete with these remodels by the end of 2017.
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Industry    The U.S. QSR pizza category is large and fragmented. From 2004 through 2014, the U.S. QSR pizza category has grown from $31.1 billion to $32.9 billion. It is the third-largest category within the $261.9
billion U.S. QSR sector. The U.S. QSR pizza category is primarily comprised of delivery, dine-in and carryout.    We compete primarily in the
delivery and carryout segments of the pizza industry. We are the market share leader in the delivery segment and we have the second largest share in the carryout segment. 2014 delivery segment sales of $10.0 billion (down from $11.2 billion in 2004)
account for approximately 31% of total U.S. QSR pizza. While the delivery segment declined during the period from 2004 to 2012, sales increased slightly during the past two years, from $9.6 billion in 2012 to $10.0 billion in 2014. The three
industry leaders, including Domino’s, account for approximately 55% of U.S. pizza delivery, based on reported consumer spending, with the remaining sales going to regional chains and independent establishments. From 2004 to 2014, the carryout
segment grew from $12.2 billion to $14.8 billion. The four industry leaders, including Domino’s, account for approximately 41% of the carryout segment.    In contrast to the United States, international pizza delivery is relatively underdeveloped, with only Domino’s and three other competitors having a significant global presence. We believe that
demand for pizza and pizza delivery is large and growing throughout the world, driven by international consumers’ increasing emphasis on convenience, and the proven success of our 30 years of conducting business abroad.  
 Our Competition    The global pizza delivery and carryout segments are highly competitive. In the U.S., we compete against regional and local companies as well as national chains Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and Little Caesars Pizza ® .
Internationally, we compete primarily with Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and country-specific national and local pizzerias. We generally compete on the basis of product quality, location,
image, service and price. We and our competitors can be affected by changes in consumer tastes, economic conditions, demographic trends and consumers’ disposable income. We compete not only for customers, but also for employees, suitable real
estate sites and qualified franchisees.    Our Customers    The Company’s business is not dependent upon a single retail customer or small group of customers, including franchisees. No customer accounted for more than 10% of total consolidated revenues in
2014, 2013 or 2012. Our largest franchisee based on store count, Domino’s Pizza Enterprises (ASX: DMP), operates 1,411 stores in six international markets, and accounts for 12% of our total store count. Royalty revenues from this franchisee
accounted for 1.6% of our consolidated revenues in 2014. Our international business unit only requires a minimal amount of general and administrative expenses to operate its markets, and does not have costs of sales. Therefore, the vast majority of
these royalty revenues result in profits to us.    Our Menu  
 We offer a menu designed to present an attractive, quality offering to customers, while keeping it simple enough to minimize order
errors and expedite order-taking and food preparation. Our basic menu features pizza products with varying sizes and crust types. Our typical store also offers oven-baked sandwiches, pasta, boneless chicken and wings, bread side items, desserts and
Coca-Cola ®  soft drink products. International markets vary toppings by country and culture, such as squid
toppings in Japan or spicy cheese in India, and often feature regional specialty items, such as a banana and cinnamon dessert pizza in Brazil.  
 Store Image and Operations    We
have been focused primarily on pizza delivery for over 50 years, and also on carryout as a significant component of our business. In 2012, we introduced our carryout-friendly Pizza Theater store design; we expect that substantially all of our stores
will convert to this design by the end of 2017. Many stores will offer casual seating and will enable customers to watch the preparation of their orders, but will not offer a full-service dine-in experience. As a result, our stores generally do not
require expensive restaurant facilities and staffing.    Research and Development  
 We conduct research and product development at our World Resource Center in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Company-sponsored research and development activities,
which include testing new products for possible menu additions, are an important activity for us and our franchisees. We do not consider the amounts spent on research and development to be material.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Business Segments    Historically, we have operated in, and reported, three business segments: domestic stores, international and domestic supply chain. In the fourth quarter of 2014 several organizational changes were made
within the Company’s management structure, with one of the changes impacting the management of our supply chain operations. As a result, management determined that our previous domestic supply chain segment and the international supply chain
operations division of our previous international segment should be combined into a new global supply chain segment. As a result, we now report the following three business segments: domestic stores, international franchise and supply chain. While
the consolidated results of the Company have not been impacted by this change in our reportable segments, we have restated our historical segment information in order to provide readers of our financial statements with a consistent presentation.
   Domestic Stores    Our
domestic stores segment consists primarily of our franchise operations, through which we oversee a network of 4,690 franchised stores located in the contiguous United States. We also operate a network of 377 domestic Company-owned stores located in
the contiguous United States.    During 2014, our domestic stores segment accounted for $578.7 million, or 29% of our consolidated revenues. We
use our Company-owned stores as test sites for new products and promotions as well as operational improvements. We also use them for training new store managers and operations team members, as well as developing prospective franchisees. While we are
primarily a franchised business, we evaluate our mix of domestic Company-owned and franchise stores in an effort to optimize our long-term profitability.    We maintain a productive relationship with our independent franchise owners through regional franchise teams, distributing materials that help franchise stores comply with our standards and using
franchise advisory groups that facilitate communications between us and our franchisees.    Domestic Franchise Profile  
 As of December 28, 2014, our 4,690 domestic franchise stores were owned and operated by 899 domestic franchisees. Our franchise formula enables
franchisees to benefit from our brand name with a relatively low initial capital investment. As of December 28, 2014, the average domestic franchisee owned and operated five stores and had been in our franchise system for over 16 years. At the
same time, 12 of our domestic franchisees operated more than 50 stores, including our largest domestic franchisee who operated 140 stores, and 340 of our domestic franchisees each operated one store.  
 We apply rigorous standards to prospective domestic franchisees. We generally require them to manage a store for at least one year before being granted a
franchise. This enables us to observe the operational and financial performance of a potential franchisee prior to entering into a long-term contract. In the U.S. today, approximately 90% of our 899 independent franchise owners started their careers
with us as delivery drivers or in other in-store positions. We generally restrict the ability of domestic franchisees to be involved in other businesses, which focuses our franchisees’ attention on operating their stores. As a result, the
majority of our domestic franchisees have historically come from within the Domino’s Pizza system. We believe these standards are largely unique to the franchise industry and result in qualified and focused franchisees operating their stores.
   Domestic Franchise Agreements    We enter into franchise agreements with domestic franchisees under which the franchisee is granted the right to operate a store in a particular location for a term of 10 years, with an ability to renew
for an additional term of 10 years. We have a franchise contract renewal rate of approximately 99%. Under the current standard franchise agreement, we assign an exclusive area of primary responsibility to each franchised store. Each franchisee is
generally required to pay a 5.5% royalty fee on sales. Occasionally, we will collect lower rates based on area development agreements, sales initiatives and new store incentives.    Our domestic stores currently contribute 6% of their retail sales to fund national marketing and advertising campaigns (subject, in limited instances, to lower rates based on certain incentives and
waivers). These funds are administered by Domino’s National Advertising Fund Inc., or DNAF, our not-for-profit advertising subsidiary. The funds are primarily used to purchase media for advertising, but also support market research, field
communications, public relations, commercial production, talent payments and other activities to promote the brand. In addition to the national and market-level advertising contributions, domestic stores spend additional funds on local store
marketing activities.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We have the contractual right, subject to state law, to terminate a franchise agreement for a variety of
reasons, including, but not limited to, a franchisee’s failure to adhere to the Company’s franchise agreement, failure to make required payments, or failure to adhere to specified Company policies and standards.  
 International Franchise    Our
international franchise segment is comprised of a network of franchised stores in more than 75 international markets. At December 28, 2014, we had 6,562 international franchise stores. During 2014, this segment accounted for $152.6 million, or
8% of our consolidated revenues. The principal sources of revenues from those operations are royalty payments generated by retail sales from franchised stores.    Our international franchisees employ our basic standard operating model, and adapt it to satisfy the local eating habits and consumer preferences of various regions outside the United States. Currently,
the vast majority of our international stores operate under master franchise agreements.    We believe Domino’s appeals to potential
international franchisees because of our recognized brand name and technological leadership, the moderate capital expenditures required to open and operate our stores and our system’s favorable store economics. In our top 10 markets, four
master franchise companies are publicly traded on stock exchanges: in Australia (ASX: DMP), India (JUBLFOOD: NS), Mexico (ALSEA: MX) and the United Kingdom (DOM: L). The following table shows our store count as of December 28, 2014 in our top
10 international markets, which account for approximately 73% of our international stores.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Market 
    
 Number of stores 
   


 
   India 
    
   
 830 
    
 
   United Kingdom 
    
   
 811 
    
 
   Mexico 
    
   
 604 
    
 
   Australia 
    
   
 547 
    
 
   Turkey 
    
   
 425 
    
 
   South Korea 
    
   
 405 
    
 
   Canada 
    
   
 386 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 354 
    
 
   France 
    
   
 239 
    
 
   Netherlands 
    
   
 158 
    
   International Franchisee Profile    The vast majority of our markets outside of the contiguous United States are operated by master franchisees with franchise and distribution rights for entire regions or countries. In a few select markets,
we franchise directly to individual store operators. Prospective master franchisees are required to possess local market knowledge to establish and develop Domino’s Pizza stores, with the ability to identify and access targeted real estate
sites, as well as expertise in local laws, customs, culture and consumer behavior. We also seek candidates that have access to sufficient capital to meet growth and development plans.    Master Franchise Agreements    Our master franchise agreements generally grant the
franchisee exclusive rights to develop or sub-franchise stores and the right to operate supply chain centers in particular geographic areas. Agreements are generally for a term of 10 to 20 years, with options to renew for additional terms. The
agreements typically contain growth clauses requiring franchisees to open a minimum number of stores within a specified period. The master franchisee is generally required to pay an initial, one-time franchise fee as well as an additional franchise
fee upon the opening of each new store. The master franchisee is also required to pay a continuing royalty fee as a percentage of retail sales, which varies among international markets, and averaged approximately 3.1% in 2014.  
 Supply Chain    Our supply chain segment
operates 16 regional dough manufacturing and food supply chain centers in the contiguous U.S., one thin crust manufacturing center, one vegetable processing center and one center providing equipment and supplies to certain of our domestic and
international stores. We also operate seven dough manufacturing and food supply chain centers in Canada, Alaska and Hawaii. Our supply chain segment leases a fleet of more than 500 tractors and trailers. During 2014, our supply chain segment
accounted for $1.26 billion, or 63% of our consolidated revenues.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our centers manufacture fresh dough and purchase, receive, store and deliver quality food and other
complementary items to over 99% of our U.S. and Canadian franchised stores and all of our Company-owned stores. We regularly supply nearly 5,500 stores with various food and supplies. Our supply chain segment made approximately 571,000 full-service
deliveries in 2014 or approximately two deliveries per store per week, and we produced over 340 million pounds of dough during 2014.    We
believe our franchisees voluntarily choose to obtain food, supplies and equipment from us because we offer the most efficient, convenient and cost-effective alternative, while also offering both quality and consistency. Our supply chain segment
offers profit-sharing arrangements to franchisees who purchase all of their food for their stores from our centers. These profit-sharing arrangements generally offer participating franchisees and Company-owned stores with 50% (or a higher percentage
in the case of Company-owned stores and certain franchisees who operate a larger number of stores) of their regional supply chain center’s pre-tax profits. We believe these arrangements strengthen our ties and provide aligned benefits with
franchisees.    Third-Party Suppliers    Over half of our annual food spend is with suppliers where we have maintained a partnership of at least 20 years. Our supply partners are required to meet strict quality standards to ensure food safety.
We review and evaluate these partners’ quality assurance programs through (among other actions) on-site visits, third party audits and product evaluations to ensure compliance with our standards. We believe the length and quality of our
relationships with third-party suppliers provides us with priority service and quality products at competitive prices.    Cheese is our largest
food cost. The price we charge to our domestic franchisees for cheese is based on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange cheddar block price, plus a supply chain markup. As cheese prices fluctuate, our revenues and margin percentages in our supply chain
segment also fluctuate; however, actual supply chain dollar margins remain unchanged. We currently purchase our domestic pizza cheese from a single supplier. Under the September 2012 agreement, our domestic supplier agreed to provide an
uninterrupted supply of cheese and the Company agreed to a five-year pricing schedule to purchase all of its domestic pizza cheese from this supplier. While we expect to meet the terms of this agreement, if we do not, we will be required to repay
the cost savings as outlined in the agreement. The majority of our meat toppings in the U.S. come from a single supplier under a contract that began in May 2014 and expires in November 2015. We have the right to terminate these arrangements for
quality failures and for uncured breaches.    We are party to a multi-year agreement with Coca-Cola for the contiguous United States. This
contract, renegotiated in December 2013, provides for Coca-Cola to continue to be our exclusive beverage supplier and expires on December 31, 2018 or at such time as a minimum number of cases of Coca-Cola products are purchased by us,
whichever occurs last.    We believe alternative third-party suppliers are available for all of these referenced products. While we may incur
additional costs if we are required to replace any of our supply partners, we do not believe such additional costs would have a material adverse effect on our business. We continually evaluate each supply category to determine the optimal sourcing
strategy.    We have not experienced any significant shortages of supplies or delays in receiving our inventories or products. Prices charged to
us by our supply partners are subject to fluctuation, and we have historically been able to pass increased costs and savings on to our stores. We periodically enter into supplier contracts to manage the risk from changes in commodity prices. We do
not engage in speculative transactions, nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes.    Our Strengths  
 Strong Brand Equity  
 We are the second largest pizza company in the world. We believe our Domino’s Pizza ®  brand is one of the most widely-recognized consumer brands in the world. We are the recognized world leader in
pizza delivery and have a significant business in carryout. We believe consumers associate our brand with the timely delivery of quality, affordable food.    Over the past five years, our U.S. franchise and Company-owned stores have invested an estimated $1.4 billion in national, co-operative and local advertising. Our international franchisees also invest
significant amounts in advertising efforts in their markets. We continue to reinforce our brand with extensive advertising through various media channels. We have also enhanced the strength of our brand through marketing affiliations with brands
such as Coca-Cola.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We are the number one pizza delivery company in the United States with a 24.7% share of pizza delivery based
on reported consumer spending. With 5,067 stores located in the contiguous United States, our store delivery areas cover a majority of U.S. households. Our share position and scale allow us to leverage our purchasing power, supply chain strength and
marketing investments. We believe our scale and market coverage allow us to effectively serve our customers’ demands for convenience and timely delivery. Outside the U.S., we have significant market share positions in many of the markets in
which we compete.    Strong and Proven Business Model    Our business model is comprised of domestic and international franchise royalties, revenues from supply chain and revenue from retail sales at Company-owned stores. We have developed this model over our
many years of operation and it is anchored by strong store-level economics, which provide an entrepreneurial incentive for our franchisees and historically has generated demand for new stores. Our franchise system, in turn, has produced strong and
consistent earnings for us through royalty fees and through supply chain revenues, with moderate associated capital expenditures by us.    We
developed a cost-efficient store model, characterized by a delivery- and carryout-oriented store design, with moderate capital requirements and a menu of quality, affordable items. At the store level, we believe the simplicity and efficiency of our
operations give us significant advantages over our competitors, who, in many cases, also focus on dine-in or have broader menu offerings. At the supply chain level, we believe we provide quality and consistency for our franchise customers while also
driving profits for us, which we share with our franchisees.    Our menu simplifies and streamlines production and delivery processes and
maximizes economies of scale on purchases of our principal food items. In addition, our stores are small (averaging approximately 1,500 square feet) and less expensive to build, furnish and maintain as compared to many other restaurant concepts. The
combination of this efficient store model and strong sales volume has resulted in strong store-level financial returns and, we believe, makes Domino’s Pizza an attractive business opportunity for existing and prospective franchisees around the
world.    We believe our store economics have led to a strong, well-diversified franchise system. This established
franchise system has produced strong cash flow and earnings for us, enabling us to invest in the Domino’s
Pizza ®  brand, stores, technology and supply chain centers, pay significant dividends, repurchase and retire
shares of our common stock and repurchase and retire outstanding principal on our fixed rate notes.    Technological Innovation
   Technological innovation is vital to our brand and our long-term success. Digital ordering is critical to competing
in the global pizza industry. In 2014, nearly 45% of our U.S. sales came via digital platforms. That metric is higher in some of our international markets. We believe we are among the largest e-commerce retailers in terms of annual transactions.
After launching digital ordering domestically in 2008, we made the strategic decision in 2010 to develop our own online ordering platform and to manage this important and growing area of our business internally. Over the next four years, we launched
mobile applications that cover 95% of the smartphones and tablets on the U.S. market. In 2013, we launched an enhanced online ordering profiles platform, allowing customers the ability to reorder their favorite order in as few as five clicks or 30
seconds. In 2014, we introduced “Dom,” a voice ordering application, which we believe is the first in the restaurant industry, and we also made the Domino’s Tracker ®  available on the Pebble smartwatch platform.    All of this
improved functionality has been developed to work seamlessly with our Domino’s PULSE™ point-of-sale system. Our Domino’s PULSE system is designed to improve operating efficiencies for our franchisees and our corporate management and
assist franchisees in independently managing their business. We have installed Domino’s PULSE in every Company-owned store in the U.S., in more than 99% of our domestic franchised stores and in nearly 60% of our international stores.
   We believe utilizing Domino’s PULSE with our integrated mobile applications throughout our system, provides us with competitive
advantages over other concepts. We intend to continue to enhance and grow our online ordering, digital marketing and technological capabilities.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Product Innovation    In late 2009, we reintroduced our core pizza with a new recipe, which we believe has been key to our continued growth in customer reorder rate, consumer traffic and increased sales. This recipe is now in
use in the vast majority of markets around the world. Our more than 50 years of innovation have resulted in numerous new product developments, including our recent innovations of Handmade Pan Pizza, Specialty Chicken, Parmesan Bread Bites and
Stuffed Cheesy Bread, among others. Product innovation is also present in our global markets, where our master franchisees have the ability to recommend products to suit their local market tastes. Products include the Mayo Jaga in Japan (bacon,
potatoes and sweet mayonnaise) and the Saumoneta in France (light cream, potatoes, onions, smoked salmon and dill).    Internal Dough
Manufacturing and Supply Chain System    In addition to generating significant revenues and earnings in the United States and Canada, we
believe our vertically integrated dough manufacturing and supply chain system enhances the quality and consistency of our products, enhances our relationships with franchisees and leverages economies of scale to offer lower costs to our stores. It
also allows store managers to better focus on store operations and customer service by relieving them of the responsibility of mixing dough in the stores and sourcing other ingredients. Many of our international master franchisees also profit from
running supply chain businesses.    Our Ideals    We believe in: opportunity, hard work, inspired solutions, winning together, embracing community, and uncommon honesty.    Opportunity abounds at Domino’s. You can start in an entry-level position and become a store owner – in fact, 90% of our independent franchise owners in the U.S. started their careers with us as
delivery drivers or in other in-store positions. Thousands of other team members – supervisors, trainers, quality auditors, international business consultants, marketers and executives – also began their careers in the stores. Internal
growth and providing opportunities for anyone willing to work hard is the foundation of our core beliefs.    The ideals of inspired solutions,
uncommon honesty and winning together were driving forces behind the relaunch of our brand. We were inspired by our harshest critics when it came to the perceived taste of our pizza. Our solution was not simply more advertising; the solution was to
create a new recipe and a broader menu of great-tasting products. Our marketing campaign was shockingly honest in its approach: telling consumers (and showing them via television ads) that we heard their negative feedback and were listening. And,
without the buy-in from our franchise owners, we couldn’t have done it. We believe that we can’t focus solely on the Company’s success; we must focus on making our stores and our franchisees successful. That’s winning together.
   Community Involvement    We
believe in supporting the communities we serve through donating our time, money and pizza. You can find more information about our community giving at  biz.dominos.com . Here are two organizations worthy of note:  
 Our national philanthropic partner is St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital ® . St. Jude is internationally-recognized for its pioneering work in finding cures and saving children with cancer and other catastrophic diseases. Through a variety of
internal and consumer-based activities, including a national fundraising campaign called  St. Jude Thanks and Giving ® , the Domino’s Pizza system has
contributed more than $25.0 million to St. Jude since our partnership began in 2004, including $5.2 million in 2014. In addition to raising funds, we have supported St. Jude through in-kind donations, including hosting hospital-wide pizza parties
for patients and their families. Our system also helps St. Jude build awareness through the inclusion of the St. Jude logo on millions of our pizza boxes and through a link on our consumer website.  
 We also support the Domino’s Pizza Partners Foundation. Founded in 1986, the mission of the Partners Foundation is “Team Members Helping Team
Members.” Primarily funded by team member and franchise contributions, the foundation is a separate, not-for-profit organization that has disbursed nearly $15.0 million since its inception, to meet the needs of Domino’s team members facing
crisis situations, such as fire, accidents, illness or other personal tragedies.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Additional Disclosures    Employees    As of December 28, 2014, we had approximately 11,000 employees in our
Company-owned stores, supply chain centers, World Resource Center (our corporate headquarters) and regional offices. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. As franchisees are
independent business owners, they and their employees are not included in our employee count. We consider our relationship with our employees and franchisees to be good. We estimate the total number of people who work in the Domino’s Pizza
system, including our employees, franchisees and the employees of franchisees, was over 240,000 as of December 28, 2014.    Working
Capital    Information about the Company’s working capital is included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7., pages 33 through 35.    Government Regulation  
 We, along with our franchisees, are subject to various federal, state and local laws affecting the operation of our business. Each store is subject to
licensing and regulation by a number of governmental authorities, which include zoning, health, safety, sanitation, building and fire agencies in the jurisdiction in which the store is located. In connection with maintaining our stores, we may be
required to expend funds to meet certain federal, state and local regulations, including regulations requiring that remodeled or altered stores be accessible to persons with disabilities. Difficulties in obtaining, or the failure to obtain, required
licenses or approvals could delay or prevent the opening of a new store in a particular area or cause an existing store to cease operations. Our supply chain facilities are also licensed and subject to similar regulations by federal, state and local
health and fire codes.    We are also subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act and various other federal and state laws governing such matters as
minimum wage requirements, overtime and other working conditions and citizenship requirements. A significant number of our and our franchisees’ food service personnel are paid at rates related to the applicable minimum wage, and past increases
in the minimum wage have increased labor costs, as would future increases.    We are subject to the rules and regulations of the Federal Trade
Commission and various state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises. The Federal Trade Commission and various state laws require that we furnish a franchise disclosure document containing certain information to prospective franchisees, and
a number of states require registration of the franchise disclosure document with state authorities. We are operating under exemptions from registration in several states based on the net worth of our operating subsidiary, Domino’s Pizza LLC,
and experience. We believe our franchise disclosure document, together with any applicable state versions or supplements, and franchising procedures comply in all material respects with both the Federal Trade Commission guidelines and all applicable
state laws regulating franchising in those states in which we have offered franchises.    Internationally, our franchise stores are subject to
national and local laws and regulations that are often similar to those affecting our domestic stores, including laws and regulations concerning franchises, labor, health, sanitation and safety. Our international stores are also often subject to
tariffs and regulations on imported commodities and equipment, and laws regulating foreign investment. We believe our international disclosure statements, franchise offering documents and franchising procedures comply in all material respects with
the laws of the foreign countries in which we have offered franchises.    Privacy and Data Protection  
 We are subject to a number of privacy and data protection laws and regulations globally. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data
protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increase in attention given to privacy and data protection issues with the potential to directly affect our business. This includes recently-enacted laws and regulations in the United States and
internationally requiring notification to individuals and government authorities of security breaches involving certain categories of personal information. We have a privacy policy posted on our website at  www.dominos.com  and
believe that we are in material compliance therewith.    Trademarks  
 We have many registered trademarks and service marks and believe that the Domino’s ®  mark and Domino’s Pizza ®  names and logos, in particular, have significant value and are important to our business. Our policy is to pursue registration of our trademarks and to
vigorously oppose the infringement of any of our trademarks. We license the use of our registered marks to franchisees through franchise agreements.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Environmental Matters    We are not aware of any federal, state or local environmental laws or regulations that will materially affect our earnings or competitive position, or result in material capital expenditures. However, we
cannot predict the effect of possible future environmental legislation or regulations. During 2014, there were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities, and no such material expenditures are anticipated in 2015.
   Seasonal Operations    The
Company’s business is not typically seasonal.    Backlog Orders    The Company has no backlog orders as of December 28, 2014.    Government Contracts
   No material portion of the Company’s business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts or subcontracts at
the election of the United States government.    Financial Information about Business Segments and Geographic Areas  
 Financial information about international and United States markets and business segments is incorporated herein by reference to Selected Financial Data,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related footnotes in Part II, Item 6., pages 22 through 23, Item 7. and 7A., pages 24 through 38 and
Item 8., pages 39 through 68, respectively, of this Form 10-K.    Available Information  
 The Company makes available, free of charge, through its internet website  biz.dominos.com , its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), 15(d), or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after
electronically filing such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. This information is also available at  www.sec.gov . The
reference to these website addresses does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites and should not be considered part of this document.  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 1A. Risk Factors.  
 The quick service restaurant pizza category is highly competitive and such competition could adversely affect our operating results.
   In the U.S., we compete against regional and local companies as well as national chains Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and Little Caesars Pizza ® .
Internationally, we compete primarily with Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and country-specific national and local pizzerias. We could experience increased competition from existing or new
companies in the pizza category which could create increasing pressures to grow our business in order to maintain our market share. If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, lower demand
for our products, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and the loss of market share, all of which would have an adverse effect on our operating results and could cause our stock price to decline.  
 We also compete on a broader scale with quick service and other international, national, regional and local restaurants. The overall food service market
and the quick service restaurant sector are intensely competitive with respect to food quality, price, service, image, convenience and concept, and are often affected by changes in:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   consumer tastes;      
 
 
 • 
   
   international, national, regional or local economic conditions;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   disposable purchasing power;      
 
 
 • 
   
   demographic trends; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   currency fluctuations related to international operations.    We compete within the food service market and the quick service restaurant sector not only for customers, but also for management and hourly employees, suitable real estate sites and qualified
franchisees. Our supply chain segment is also subject to competition from outside suppliers. While over 99% of domestic franchisees purchased food, equipment and supplies from us in 2014, domestic franchisees are not required to purchase food,
equipment or supplies from us and they may choose to purchase from outside suppliers. If other suppliers who meet our qualification standards were to offer lower prices or better service to our franchisees for their ingredients and supplies and, as
a result, our franchisees chose not to purchase from our domestic supply chain centers, our financial condition, business and results of operations would be adversely affected.    If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes opening new domestic and international stores, our ability to increase our revenues and operating profits could be adversely
affected.    A significant component of our growth strategy includes the opening of new domestic and international stores. We and our
franchisees face many challenges in opening new stores, including, among others:      
 
 
 • 
   
   availability of financing with acceptable terms;      
 
 
 • 
   
   selection and availability of suitable store locations;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   negotiation of acceptable lease or financing terms;      
 
 
 • 
   
   securing required domestic or foreign governmental permits and approvals;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   employment and training of qualified personnel; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   general economic and business conditions.    The opening of additional franchise stores also depends, in part, upon the availability of prospective franchisees who meet our criteria. Our failure to add a significant number of new stores would
adversely affect our ability to increase revenues and operating income.    We and our franchisees are currently planning to expand our
international operations in many of the markets where we currently operate and in selected new markets. This may require considerable management time as well as start-up expenses for market development before any significant revenues and earnings
are generated. Operations in new foreign markets may achieve low margins or may be unprofitable, and expansion in existing markets may be affected by local economic and market conditions. Therefore, as we expand internationally, we or our
franchisees may not experience the operating margins we expect, our results of operations may be negatively impacted and our common stock price may decline.    We may also pursue strategic acquisitions as part of our business. If we are able to identify acquisition candidates, such acquisitions may be financed, to the extent permitted under our debt agreements,
with substantial debt or with potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities.  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The food service market is affected by consumer preferences and perceptions. Changes in these
preferences and perceptions may lessen the demand for our products, which would reduce sales and harm our business.    Food service
businesses are affected by changes in consumer tastes, international, national, regional and local economic conditions, and demographic trends. For instance, if prevailing health or dietary preferences cause consumers to avoid pizza and other
products we offer in favor of foods that are perceived as more healthy, our business and operating results would be harmed. Moreover, because we are primarily dependent on a single product, if consumer demand for pizza should decrease, our business
would suffer more than if we had a more diversified menu, as many other food service businesses do.    Reports of food-borne illness or
food tampering could reduce sales and harm our business.    Reports, whether true or not, of food-borne illnesses (such as E. Coli,
avian flu, bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella) and injuries caused by food tampering have in the past severely injured the reputations of participants in the QSR sector and could in the future as well. The
potential for acts of terrorism on our global food supply also exists and, if such an event occurs, it could have a negative impact on us and could severely hurt sales and profits. In addition, our reputation is an important asset; as a result,
anything that damages our reputation could immediately and severely affect our sales and profits. Media reports of illnesses and injuries, whether accurate or not, could force some stores to close or otherwise reduce sales at such stores. In
addition, reports of food-borne illnesses or food tampering, even those occurring solely at the restaurants of competitors, could, by resulting in negative publicity about the restaurant industry, adversely affect us on a local, regional, national
or international basis.    Increases in food, labor and other costs could adversely affect our profitability and operating results.
   An increase in our operating costs could adversely affect our profitability. Factors such as inflation, increased food costs,
increased labor and employee health and benefit costs, increased rent costs and increased energy costs may adversely affect our operating costs. Most of the factors affecting costs are beyond our control and, in many cases, we may not be able to
pass along these increased costs to our customers or franchisees. Most ingredients used in our pizza, particularly cheese, are subject to significant price fluctuations as a result of seasonality, weather, demand and other factors. The cheese block
price per pound averaged $2.13 in 2014, and the estimated increase in Company-owned store food costs from a hypothetical $0.25 adverse change in the average cheese block price per pound would have been approximately $2.2 million in 2014. Labor costs
are largely a function of the minimum wage for a majority of our store personnel and certain supply chain center personnel and, generally, are also a function of the availability of labor. Food, including cheese costs and labor represent
approximately 50% to 60% of a typical Company-owned store’s sales.    We do not have long-term contracts with certain of our
suppliers, and as a result they could seek to significantly increase prices or fail to deliver.    We do not have long-term contracts or
arrangements with certain of our suppliers. Although in the past we have not experienced significant problems with our suppliers, our suppliers may implement significant price increases or may not meet our requirements in a timely fashion, or at
all. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.    Shortages or
interruptions in the supply or delivery of fresh food products could adversely affect our operating results.    We and our franchisees
are dependent on frequent deliveries of fresh food products that meet our specifications. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of fresh food products caused by unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution, financial or other
difficulties of suppliers, inclement weather or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients, which would adversely affect our operating results.    Any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of our dough manufacturing and supply chain centers could harm our business.    We operate 16 regional dough manufacturing and supply chain centers, one thin crust manufacturing center and one vegetable processing center in the contiguous United States and a total of seven dough
manufacturing and supply chain centers in Alaska, Hawaii and Canada. Our domestic dough manufacturing and supply chain centers service all of our Company-owned stores and over 99% of our domestic franchise stores. As a result, any prolonged
disruption in the operations of any of these facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties, destruction or damage to the facility, real estate issues or other reasons, could adversely affect our business and operating results.
 
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our success depends in part upon effective advertising, and lower advertising
funds may reduce our ability to adequately market the Domino’s Pizza ®  brand.    We have been routinely named a MegaBrand by Advertising Age. Each Domino’s store located in the contiguous United States is obligated to pay a percentage of its sales in advertising fees. In fiscal
2014, each store in the contiguous United States generally was required to contribute 6% of their sales to DNAF (subject, in limited instances, to lower rates based on certain incentives and waivers), which uses such fees for national advertising in
addition to contributions for local market-level advertising. We currently anticipate that this 6% contribution rate will remain in place for the foreseeable future. While additional funds for advertising in the past have been provided by us, our
franchisees and other third parties, none of these additional funds are legally required. The lack of continued financial support for advertising activities could significantly curtail our marketing efforts, which may in turn materially and
adversely affect our business and our operating results.    We face risks of litigation and negative publicity from customers,
franchisees, suppliers, employees and others in the ordinary course of business, which can or could divert our financial and management resources. Any adverse litigation or publicity may negatively impact our financial condition and results of
operations.    Claims of illness or injury relating to food quality or food handling are common in the food service industry, and
vehicular accidents and injuries occur in the food delivery business. Claims within our industry of improper supplier actions have also recently arisen that, if made against one of our suppliers, could potentially damage our brand image. In
addition, class action lawsuits have been filed, and may continue to be filed, against various quick service restaurants alleging, among other things, that quick service restaurants have failed to disclose the health risks associated with high-fat
foods and that quick service restaurant marketing practices have encouraged obesity. In addition to decreasing our sales and profitability and diverting our management resources, adverse publicity or a substantial judgment against us could
negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and brand reputation, thereby hindering our ability to attract and retain franchisees and grow our business.    Further, we may be subject to employee, franchisee and other claims in the future based on, among other things, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination and wage, rest break and meal break issues,
and those claims relating to overtime compensation. We are currently subject to these types of claims and have been subject to these types of claims in the past. If one or more of these claims were to be successful or if there is a significant
increase in the number of these claims or if we receive significant negative publicity, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.    Loss of key employees or our inability to attract and retain new qualified employees could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow successfully.  
 Our success in the highly competitive pizza delivery and carry-out business will continue to depend to a significant extent on our leadership team and
other key management personnel. Other than with our President and Chief Executive Officer, J. Patrick Doyle, we do not have long-term employment agreements with any of our executive officers. As a result, we may not be able to retain our executive
officers and key personnel or attract additional qualified management. While we do not have long-term employment agreements with our executive officers, for all of our executive officers we have non-compete and non-solicitation agreements that
extend for 24 months following the termination of such executive officer’s employment. Our success also will continue to depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate our stores, dough manufacturing and supply chain
centers and international operations. The loss of these employees or our inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.    Adverse global economic conditions subject us to additional risk.   Our financial
condition and results of operations are impacted by global markets and economic conditions over which neither we nor our franchisees have control. An economic downturn, including further deterioration in the economic conditions in European
countries, may result in a reduction in the demand for our products, longer payment cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. Poor economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our franchisees to pay
royalties or amounts owed, and could have a material adverse impact on our ability to pursue our growth strategy, which would reduce cash collections and in turn, may materially and adversely affect our ability to service our debt obligations.
   Our international operations subject us to additional risk. Such risks and costs may differ in each country in which we and our
franchisees do business and may cause our profitability to decline due to increased costs.    We conduct a significant and growing
portion of our business outside the United States. Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if global markets in which our franchise stores compete are affected by changes in political, economic or other factors.
These factors, over which neither we nor our franchisees have control, may include:      
 
 
 • 
   
   recessionary or expansive trends in international markets;  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 • 
   
   changing labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing our foreign operations;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   increases in the taxes we pay and other changes in applicable tax laws;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   legal and regulatory changes, and the burdens and costs of our compliance with a variety of foreign laws;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   changes in inflation rates;      
 
 
 • 
   
   changes in exchange rates and the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   difficulty in collecting our royalties and longer payment cycles;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   expropriation of private enterprises;      
 
 
 • 
   
   increases in anti-American sentiment and the identification of the Domino’s Pizza ®  brand as an American brand;      
 
 
 • 
   
   political and economic instability; and     
 
 
 • 
   
   other external factors.  
 Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to other currencies may lead to lower revenues and earnings.  
 Exchange rate fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Approximately 7.7% of our total revenues in 2014, 7.4% of our total
revenues in 2013 and 7.1% of our total revenues in 2012 were derived from our international franchise segment, a majority of which were denominated in foreign currencies. We also operate dough manufacturing and distribution facilities in Canada,
which generate revenues denominated in Canadian dollars. Sales made by franchise stores outside the United States are denominated in the currency of the country in which the store is located, and this currency could become less valuable in U.S.
dollars as a result of exchange rate fluctuations. Unfavorable currency fluctuations could lead to increased prices to customers outside the United States or lower profitability to our franchisees outside the United States, or could result in lower
revenues for us, on a U.S. dollar basis, from such customers and franchisees. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the foreign currency rates in our international markets would have resulted in a negative impact on international royalty revenues of
approximately $14.7 million in 2014.    We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of
our brand and branded products and adversely affect our business.    We depend in large part on our brand and branded products and
believe that they are very important to our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded products. The success of our business
depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both domestic and international markets. We have registered certain trademarks and
have other trademark registrations pending in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Not all of the trademarks that we currently use have been registered in all of the countries in which we do business, and they may never be registered in all
of these countries. We may not be able to adequately protect our trademarks and our use of these trademarks may result in liability for trademark infringement, trademark dilution or unfair competition. All of the steps we have taken to protect our
intellectual property in the United States and in foreign countries may not be adequate. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Further,
through acquisitions of third parties, we may acquire brands and related trademarks that are subject to the same risks as the brands and trademarks we currently own.    We may from time to time be required to institute litigation to enforce our trademarks or other intellectual property rights, or to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our sales, profitability and prospects regardless of whether we are able to successfully enforce our rights.    Our earnings and business growth strategy depends on the success of our franchisees, and we may be harmed by actions taken by our franchisees, or employees of our franchisees, that are outside of
our control.    A significant portion of our earnings comes from royalties generated by our franchise stores. Franchisees are
independent operators, and their employees are not our employees. We provide tools for franchisees to use in training their employees, but the quality of franchise store operations may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control.
Consequently, franchisees may not successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements. If they do not, our image and reputation may suffer, and as a result our revenues and stock price could decline. While we try
to ensure that our franchisees maintain the quality of our brand and branded products, our franchisees may take actions that adversely affect the value of our intellectual property or reputation. As of December 28, 2014, we had 899 domestic
franchisees operating 4,690 domestic stores. 12 of these franchisees each operate over 50 domestic stores, including our largest domestic franchisee who operates 140 stores, and the average franchisee owns and operates five stores.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, our international master franchisees are generally responsible for the development of
significantly more stores than our domestic franchisees. As a result, our international operations are more closely tied to the success of a smaller number of franchisees than our domestic operations. Our largest international master franchisee
operates 1,411 stores in six markets, which accounts for approximately 22% of our total international store count. Our domestic and international franchisees may not operate their franchises successfully. If one or more of our key franchisees were
to become insolvent or otherwise were unable or unwilling to pay us our royalties or other amounts owed, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.    Interruption, failure or compromise of our information technology, communications systems and electronic data could hurt our ability to effectively serve our customers and protect customer data,
which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business and operating results.    A significant portion of our retail sales
depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, including but not limited to, Domino’s PULSE™, our online ordering platforms and our credit card processing systems. Our information technology,
communication systems and electronic data may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, loss of data, unauthorized data breaches or other
attempts to harm our systems. Additionally, we operate data centers that are also subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism that could cause disruptions in our ability to serve our customers and protect customer data. Some of
our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster, intentional sabotage or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our
service. Any errors or vulnerabilities in our systems, or damage to or failure of our systems, could result in interruptions in our services and non-compliance with certain regulations, which could reduce our revenues and profits, and damage our
business and brand.    We rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide
security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential customer information, such as payment card and personal information and any unauthorized data breaches could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business .
   Unauthorized intrusion into the portions of our computer systems or those of our franchisees that process and store
information related to customer transactions may result in the theft of customer data. Furthermore, the systems currently used for transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all
of which can put payment card data at risk, are determined and mandated by payment card industry standards, not by us. In addition to improper activities by third parties, bugs in newly-deployed or early stage advances in hardware and software
capabilities, encryption technology, and other events or developments may facilitate or result in a compromise or breach of our computer systems. Any such compromises or breaches could cause interruptions in operations and damage to the reputation
of the Domino’s Pizza ®  brand, subject us to costs and liabilities and hurt sales, revenues and profits.
   We are subject to extensive government regulation and requirements issued by other groups and our failure to comply with existing or
increased regulations could adversely affect our business and operating results.    We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and
foreign laws and regulations, as well as, requirements issued by other groups, including those relating to:      
 
 
 • 
   
   the preparation, sale and labeling of food;      
 
 
 • 
   
   building and zoning requirements;     
 
 
 • 
   
   environmental protection;      
 
 
 • 
   
   minimum wage, overtime and other labor requirements;      

 
 
 • 
   
   compliance with securities laws and New York Stock Exchange listed company rules;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   working and safety conditions;      
 
 
 • 
   
   menu labeling and other nutritional requirements;      
 
 
 • 
   
   compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) and similar requirements;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   compliance with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and subsequent amendments; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   compliance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules promulgated thereunder.  
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and subsequent amendments require employers such as us to provide health insurance for all qualifying
employees or pay penalties for not providing coverage. We anticipate that the majority of the increases in these costs will begin in 2015 and will escalate in subsequent years. While we do not expect the incremental costs of this program to be
material to us, these costs will likely have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position, as well as an adverse effect on some of our larger franchisees.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may also become subject to legislation or regulation seeking to tax and/or regulate high-fat foods, foods
with high sugar and salt content, or foods otherwise deemed to be “unhealthy.” If we fail to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions. In addition, our capital
expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any of these laws or regulations.    We are also subject to a Federal Trade Commission rule and to various state and foreign laws that govern the offer and sale of franchises. Additionally, these laws regulate various aspects of the
franchise relationship, including terminations and the refusal to renew franchises. The failure to comply with these laws and regulations in any jurisdiction or to obtain required government approvals could result in a ban or temporary suspension on
future franchise sales, fines or other penalties or require us to make offers of rescission or restitution, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results.    Our current insurance coverage may not be adequate, insurance premiums for such coverage may increase and we may not be able to obtain insurance at acceptable rates, or at all.  
 We have retention programs for workers’ compensation, general liability and owned and non-owned automobile liabilities. We are generally responsible
for up to $1.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for workers’ compensation and general liability. We are also generally responsible for between $500,000 and $3.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for
owned and non-owned automobile liabilities. Total insurance limits under these retention programs vary depending upon the period covered and range up to $110.0 million per occurrence for general liability and owned and non-owned automobile
liabilities and up to the applicable statutory limits for workers’ compensation. These insurance policies may not be adequate to protect us from liabilities that we incur in our business. In addition, in the future our insurance premiums may
increase and we may not be able to obtain similar levels of insurance on reasonable terms, or at all. Any such inadequacy of, or inability to obtain insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.    Our annual and quarterly financial results are subject to significant fluctuations depending on various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our share price may decline significantly.    Our sales and operating results can vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among other
things:      
 
 
 • 
   
   variations in the timing and volume of our sales and our franchisees’ sales;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   the timing of expenditures in anticipation of future sales;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   sales promotions by us and our competitors;      
 
 
 • 
   
   changes in competitive and economic conditions generally;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   changes in the cost or availability of our ingredients or labor; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   foreign currency exposure.  
 As a result, our operational performance may decline quickly and significantly in response to changes in order patterns or rapid decreases in demand for
our products. We anticipate that fluctuations in operating results will continue in the future.    Our common stock price could be subject
to significant fluctuations and/or may decline.    The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations.
Among the factors that could affect our stock price are:      
 
 
 • 
   
   changes planned or actual to our capital or debt structure;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   variations in our operating results;      
 
 
 • 
   
   changes in revenues or earnings estimates or publication of research reports by analysts;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   speculation in the press or investment community;      
 
 
 • 
   
   strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as sales promotions, acquisitions or restructurings;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   actions by institutional and other stockholders;      
 
 
 • 
   
   changes in our dividend policy;      
 
 
 • 
   
   changes in the market values of public companies that operate in our business segments;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   general market conditions; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance.    The stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has sometimes been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the trading price
of our common stock to decline.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to plan for or
respond to changes in our business.    We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 28, 2014, our consolidated
long-term indebtedness was approximately $1.52 billion. We may also incur additional debt, which would not be prohibited under the terms of our current securitized debt agreements. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to
our business and our shareholders. For example, it could:      
 
 
 • 
   
   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt agreements;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our
cash flow for other purposes; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate, thereby placing us at a
competitive disadvantage compared to our peers that may have less debt.    In addition, the financial and other covenants we
agreed to with our lenders may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments, pay dividends and engage in other transactions, and the leverage may cause potential lenders to be less willing to loan funds to us in the future.
Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of repayment of all of our indebtedness.    We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt service obligations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
   Our ability to make principal and interest payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash
in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, in the
amounts projected or at all, or if future borrowings are not available to us under our variable funding notes in amounts sufficient to fund our other liquidity needs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we
cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled principal amortization and interest payments on our debt obligations in the future, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, sell
assets, delay capital expenditures or seek additional equity. If we are unable to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all or to effect any other action relating to our indebtedness on satisfactory terms or at
all, our business may be harmed.    The terms of our securitized debt financing of certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries have
restrictive terms and our failure to comply with any of these terms could put us in default, which would have an adverse effect on our business and prospects.    Unless and until we repay all outstanding borrowings under our securitized debt, we will remain subject to the restrictive terms of these borrowings. The securitized debt, under which certain of our
wholly-owned subsidiaries issued and guaranteed fixed rate notes and variable funding senior revolving notes, contain a number of covenants, with the most significant financial covenant being a debt service coverage calculation. These covenants
limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things:      
 
 
 • 
   
   sell assets;      
 
 
 • 
   
   alter the business we conduct;      
 
 
 • 
   
   engage in mergers, acquisitions and other business combinations;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness or guarantees;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   make loans and investments;      
 
 
 • 
   
   incur liens; and      
 
 
 • 
   
   enter into transactions with affiliates.    The securitized debt also requires us to maintain specified financial ratios at the end of each fiscal quarter. These restrictions could affect our ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares of our
common stock. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not satisfy such a test. A breach of this covenant could result in a rapid amortization event or default under the securitized debt. If
amounts owed under the securitized debt are accelerated because of a default under the securitized debt and we are unable to pay such amounts, the investors may have the right to assume control of substantially all of the securitized assets.
 
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During the seven-year term following issuance, the outstanding senior notes will accrue interest at a fixed
rate of 5.216% per year. Additionally, the senior notes have original scheduled principal amortization payments of $29.5 million in 2015, $37.4 million in 2016, $39.4 million in each of 2017 and 2018, and $9.8 million in 2019. In accordance
with our debt agreements, once we meet certain conditions, including maximum leverage ratios as defined of less than or equal to 4.5x total debt to EBITDA, we cease to make the scheduled principal amortization payments. If one of the defined
leverage ratios subsequently exceeds 4.5x, we must make-up the payments we had previously not made. During the second quarter of 2014, we met the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x, and, in accordance with our debt agreements, ceased debt
amortization payments in the third quarter of 2014. We continued to meet the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x in the third and fourth quarters of 2014 and currently do not plan to make previously scheduled debt amortization payments as
permitted in our debt agreements.    If we are unable to refinance or repay amounts under the securitized debt prior to the expiration of the
seven-year term, our cash flow would be directed to the repayment of the securitized debt and, other than a weekly management fee sufficient to cover minimal selling, general and administrative expenses, would not be available for operating our
business.    No assurance can be given that any refinancing or additional financing will be possible when needed or that we will be able to
negotiate acceptable terms. In addition, our access to capital is affected by prevailing conditions in the financial and capital markets and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that market conditions will be favorable at the
times that we require new or additional financing.    The indenture governing the securitized debt will restrict the cash flow from the entities
subject to the securitization to any of our other entities and upon the occurrence of certain events, cash flow would be further restricted.  
 In the event that a rapid amortization event occurs under the indenture (including, without limitation, upon an event of default under the indenture or
the failure to repay the securitized debt at the end of the seven-year term), the funds available to us would be reduced or eliminated, which would in turn reduce our ability to operate or grow our business.  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  
 None.    Item 2.
Properties.    We lease approximately 223,000 square feet for our World Resource Center located in Ann Arbor, Michigan under an operating
lease with Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C., an unrelated company. The lease, as amended, expires in December 2022 and has two five-year renewal options.    We own one domestic Company-owned store building and five supply chain center buildings. We also own two store buildings that we lease to domestic franchisees. All other domestic Company-owned stores are
leased by us, typically under five-year leases with one or two five-year renewal options. All other domestic and international supply chain centers are leased by us, typically under leases ranging between five and 15 years with one or two five-year
renewal options. All other franchise stores are leased or owned directly by the respective franchisees. We believe that our existing headquarters and other leased and owned facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements.  
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings.    We are a party to lawsuits, revenue agent reviews by taxing authorities and administrative proceedings in the ordinary course of business which include, without limitation, workers’ compensation,
general liability, automobile and franchisee claims. We are also subject to suits related to employment practices.    Litigation is subject to
many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual litigated matters is not predictable with assurance. Included in the matters referenced above, we are party to three employment practice cases, six casualty cases and one patent case. We have
established legal and insurance accruals for losses relating to these cases which we believe are reasonable based upon our assessment of the current facts and circumstances. However, it is reasonably possible that our ultimate losses could exceed
the amounts recorded by $4.0 million. The remaining cases referenced above could be decided unfavorably to us and could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts or a range of amounts that cannot be estimated with
accuracy. In management’s opinion, these matters, individually and in the aggregate, should not have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, and the established accruals adequately provide for the estimated
resolution of such claims.   We were also named as a defendant in a lawsuit along with a large franchisee and the franchisee’s delivery
driver. During the third quarter of 2013, the jury delivered a $32.0 million judgment for the plaintiff where we were found to be 60% liable. We deny liability and filed an appeal of the verdict on a variety of grounds. This case is covered under
our casualty insurance program, subject to a $3.0 million deductible. We also have indemnity provisions in our franchise agreements.    While we
may occasionally be party to large claims, including class action suits, we do not believe that these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.    Not applicable.  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  
 As of February 17, 2015, Domino’s Pizza, Inc. had 170,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which 55,630,531
were issued and outstanding. Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker symbol “DPZ.”    The following table presents the high and low closing prices by quarter for Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock, as reported by the NYSE, and dividends declared per common share.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2013: 
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 Dividends Declared Per Share 
   


 
   First quarter (December 31, 2012 – March 24, 2013) 
    
 $ 
 51.19 
    
    
 $ 
 43.55 
    
    
 $ 
 0.20 
    
 
   Second quarter (March 25, 2013 – June 16, 2013) 
    
   
 60.72 
    
    
   
 49.65 
    
    
   
 0.20 
    
 
   Third quarter (June 17, 2013 – September 8, 2013) 
    
   
 64.00 
    
    
   
 57.01 
    
    
   
 0.20 
    
 
   Fourth quarter (September 9, 2013 – December 29, 2013) 
    
   
 70.68 
    
    
   
 63.04 
    
    
   
 0.20 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2014: 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   First quarter (December 30, 2013 – March 23, 2014) 
    
 $ 
 80.02 
    
    
 $ 
 67.17 
    
    
 $ 
 0.25 
    
 
   Second quarter (March 24, 2014 – June 15, 2014) 
    
   
 78.62 
    
    
   
 71.13 
    
    
   
 0.25 
    
 
   Third quarter (June 16, 2014 – September 7, 2014) 
    
   
 76.43 
    
    
   
 70.17 
    
    
   
 0.25 
    
 
   Fourth quarter (September 8, 2014 – December 28, 2014) 
    
   
 95.93 
    
    
   
 75.54 
    
    
   
 0.25 
    
   Our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.31 per common share on February 11, 2015 payable on
March 30, 2015 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 13, 2015.    We currently anticipate continuing the payment
of quarterly cash dividends. The actual amount of such dividends will depend upon future earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, our financial condition and certain other factors. There can be no assurance as to the amount of free
cash flow that we will generate in future years and, accordingly, dividends will be considered after reviewing returns to shareholders, profitability expectations and financing needs and will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors.
   As of February 17, 2015, there were 1,019 registered holders of record of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock.  
 We have a Board of Directors-approved open market share repurchase program for up to $200.0 million of our common stock, of which approximately $132.7
million remained available at December 28, 2014 for future purchases of our common stock. Any future purchases of our common stock would be funded by current cash amounts, available borrowings or future excess cash flow.  
 The following table summarizes our repurchase activity during the fourth quarter ended December 28, 2014:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly 
Announced Program 
   
    
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under
the Program 
   


 
   Period #1 (September 8, 2014 to October 5, 2014) 
    
   
 1,555 
    
    
 $ 
 76.63 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 132,726,701 
    
 
   Period #2 (October 6, 2014 to November 2, 2014) 
    
   
 1,915 
    
    
   
 89.54 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 132,726,701 
    
 
   Period #3 (November 3, 2014 to November 30, 2014) 
    
   
 1,209 
    
    
   
 94.71 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 132,726,701 
    
 
   Period #4 (December 1, 2014 to December 28, 2014) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 132,726,701 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 4,679 
    
    
 $ 
 86.59 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 132,726,701 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 4,679 shares were purchased as part of the Company’s employee stock purchase discount plan. During the fourth quarter, the shares were purchased at an average
price of $86.59.  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The comparative stock performance line graph below compares the cumulative shareholder return on the common
stock of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. for the five-year period between December 31, 2009 through December 31, 2014, with cumulative total return on (i) the Total Return Index for the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE Composite Index”), (ii)
the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (the “S&P 500”) and (iii) the peer group, the Standard & Poor’s 400 Restaurant Index (the “S&P 400 Restaurant Index”). Management believes that the companies included in
the S&P 400 Restaurant Index appropriately reflect the scope of the Company’s operations and match the competitive market in which the Company operates. The cumulative total return computations set forth in the performance graph assume the
investment of $100 in the Company’s common stock, the NYSE Composite Index, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 400 Restaurant Index on December 31, 2009.      
 


 
  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 6. Selected Financial Data.  
 The selected financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to, Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Form 10-K. The selected financial data below, with the exception of store counts and same store sales growth, have
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and subsidiaries. This historical data is not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any future period.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal year ended (5) 
   
 
   (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   
   
 December 30, 2012 (4) 
   
   
 January 1, 2012 
   
   
 January 2, 2011 
   


 
   Income statement data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 348.5 
    
   
 $ 
 337.4 
    
   
 $ 
 323.7 
    
   
 $ 
 336.3 
    
   
 $ 
 345.6 
    
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 230.2 
    
   
   
 212.4 
    
   
   
 195.0 
    
   
   
 187.0 
    
   
   
 173.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Domestic stores 
    
   
 578.7 
    
   
   
 549.8 
    
   
   
 518.7 
    
   
   
 523.4 
    
   
   
 519.0 
    
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,262.5 
    
   
   
 1,118.9 
    
   
   
 1,039.8 
    
   
   
 1,021.0 
    
   
   
 960.7 
    
 
   International franchise 
    
   
 152.6 
    
   
   
 133.6 
    
   
   
 120.0 
    
   
   
 107.8 
    
   
   
 91.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 1,993.8 
    
   
   
 1,802.2 
    
   
   
 1,678.4 
    
   
   
 1,652.2 
    
   
   
 1,570.9 
    
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,399.1 
    
   
   
 1,253.2 
    
   
   
 1,177.1 
    
   
   
 1,181.7 
    
   
   
 1,132.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 594.8 
    
   
   
 549.0 
    
   
   
 501.3 
    
   
   
 470.5 
    
   
   
 438.6 
    
 
   General and administrative expense 
    
   
 249.4 
    
   
   
 235.2 
    
   
   
 219.0 
    
   
   
 211.4 
    
   
   
 210.9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 345.4 
    
   
   
 313.8 
    
   
   
 282.3 
    
   
   
 259.1 
    
   
   
 227.7 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 0.1 
    
   
   
 0.2 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.2 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (86.9 
 )  
   
   
 (88.9 
 )  
   
   
 (101.4 
 )  
   
   
 (91.6 
 )  
   
   
 (96.8 
 )  
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7.8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 258.6 
    
   
   
 225.1 
    
   
   
 181.2 
    
   
   
 167.8 
    
   
   
 138.9 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 96.0 
    
   
   
 82.1 
    
   
   
 68.8 
    
   
   
 62.4 
    
   
   
 51.0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 162.6 
    
   
 $ 
 143.0 
    
   
 $ 
 112.4 
    
   
 $ 
 105.4 
    
   
 $ 
 87.9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 2.96 
    
   
 $ 
 2.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.99 
    
   
 $ 
 1.79 
    
   
 $ 
 1.50 
    
 
   Common stock – diluted 
    
   
 2.86 
    
   
   
 2.48 
    
   
   
 1.91 
    
   
   
 1.71 
    
   
   
 1.45 
    
 
   Dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 1.00 
    
   
 $ 
 0.80 
    
   
 $ 
 3.00 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Balance sheet data (at end of period): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 30.9 
    
   
 $ 
 14.4 
    
   
 $ 
 54.8 
    
   
 $ 
 50.3 
    
   
 $ 
 47.9 
    
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 121.0 
    
   
   
 125.5 
    
   
   
 60.0 
    
   
   
 92.6 
    
   
   
 85.5 
    
 
   Working capital (2) 
    
   
 41.8 
    
   
   
 (28.5 
 )  
   
   
 16.8 
    
   
   
 37.1 
    
   
   
 33.4 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 619.3 
    
   
   
 525.3 
    
   
   
 478.2 
    
   
   
 480.5 
    
   
   
 460.8 
    
 
   Total long-term debt 
    
   
 1,523.5 
    
   
   
 1,512.3 
    
   
   
 1,536.4 
    
   
   
 1,450.4 
    
   
   
 1,451.3 
    
 
   Total debt 
    
   
 1,524.1 
    
   
   
 1,536.4 
    
   
   
 1,560.8 
    
   
   
 1,451.3 
    
   
   
 1,452.2 
    
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (1,219.5 
 )  
   
   
 (1,290.2 
 )  
   
   
 (1,335.5 
 )  
   
   
 (1,209.7 
 )  
   
   
 (1,210.7 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal year ended (5) 
   
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   
   
 December 30, 2012 (4) 
   
   
 January 1, 2012 
   
   
 January 2, 2011 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other financial data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
 $ 
 35.8 
    
   
 $ 
 25.8 
    
   
 $ 
 23.2 
    
   
 $ 
 24.0 
    
   
 $ 
 24.1 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 71.8 
    
   
   
 40.4 
    
   
   
 29.3 
    
   
   
 24.3 
    
   
   
 25.4 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Same store sales growth ( 3 ): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 6.2 
 %  
   
   
 3.9 
 %  
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
   
   
 4.1 
 %  
   
   
 9.7 
 %  
 
   Domestic franchise stores 
    
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 5.5 
 %  
   
   
 3.2 
 %  
   
   
 3.4 
 %  
   
   
 10.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Domestic stores 
    
   
 7.5 
 %  
   
   
 5.4 
 %  
   
   
 3.1 
 %  
   
   
 3.5 
 %  
   
   
 9.9 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   International stores 
    
   
 6.9 
 %  
   
   
 6.2 
 %  
   
   
 5.2 
 %  
   
   
 6.8 
 %  
   
   
 6.9 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Store counts (at end of period): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 377 
    
   
   
 390 
    
   
   
 388 
    
   
   
 394 
    
   
   
 454 
    
 
   Domestic franchise stores 
    
   
 4,690 
    
   
   
 4,596 
    
   
   
 4,540 
    
   
   
 4,513 
    
   
   
 4,475 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Domestic stores 
    
   
 5,067 
    
   
   
 4,986 
    
   
   
 4,928 
    
   
   
 4,907 
    
   
   
 4,929 
    
 
   International stores 
    
   
 6,562 
    
   
   
 5,900 
    
   
   
 5,327 
    
   
   
 4,835 
    
   
   
 4,422 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stores 
    
   
 11,629 
    
   
   
 10,886 
    
   
   
 10,255 
    
   
   
 9,742 
    
   
   
 9,351 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The fiscal 2010 Other amount represents the net gain recognized on the repurchase and retirement of principal on the 2007 notes.  
 
 
 (2) 
 The working capital amounts exclude restricted cash amounts of $121.0 million in 2014, $125.5 million in 2013, $60.0 million in 2012, $92.6 million in 2011 and $85.5
million in 2010.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Same store sales growth is calculated including only sales from stores that also had sales in the comparable period of the prior year, but excluding sales from certain
seasonal locations such as stadiums and concert arenas. International same store sales growth is calculated similarly to domestic same store sales growth. Changes in international same store sales are reported on a constant dollar basis which
reflects changes in international local currency sales.  
 
 
 (4) 
 In connection with our recapitalization in 2012, the Company borrowed $1.575 billion of fixed rate notes and used a portion of the proceeds from the borrowings to repay
in full the outstanding principal under the 2007 notes, pay accrued interest on the 2007 notes, pay transaction-related fees and expenses and fund a reserve account for the payment of interest on the 2012 fixed rate notes. In fiscal 2012, the
Company recorded $32.5 million of deferred financing costs as an asset in the consolidated balance sheet. This amount, in addition to the $7.4 million recorded on the consolidated balance sheet in fiscal 2011 is being amortized into interest expense
over the seven-year expected term of the debt. In connection with the repayment of the 2007 notes, we wrote off $8.1 million, net, of unamortized deferred financing fees and interest rate swap. Additionally, we incurred $2.1 million of interest
expense on the 2007 borrowings subsequent to the closing of the 2012 Recapitalization but prior to the repayment of the 2007 notes, resulting in the payment of interest on both the 2007 and 2012 facilities for a short period of time. Further, the
Company incurred $0.3 million of other net 2012 Recapitalization-related general and administrative expenses, including stock compensation expenses, payroll taxes related to the payments made to certain stock option holders and legal and
professional fees incurred in connection with the 2012 Recapitalization. In connection with the 2012 Recapitalization, the Company also paid a special cash dividend on our outstanding common stock totaling $171.1 million, made a corresponding
anti-dilution equivalent payment of $13.5 million on certain stock options and accrued an estimated $2.4 million for payments to be made to certain performance-based restricted stock grants upon vesting. Total cash paid for common stock dividends
and related anti-dilution payments totaled $185.5 million in fiscal 2012 and as of December 30, 2012 the total estimated liability recorded for future cash dividend payments on certain performance-based restricted stock was approximately $1.5
million. Of the total amount of $187.0 million recorded for common stock dividends and related anti-dilution payments, $10.2 million was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital and $176.8 million was recorded as an increase in retained
deficit.  
 
 
 (5) 
 The 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 fiscal years each include 52 weeks.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.    Overview    Our fiscal year typically includes 52 weeks, comprised of three twelve-week quarters and one sixteen-week quarter. Every five or six years our fiscal year includes an extra (or 53 rd ) week in the fourth quarter. Fiscal 2012, fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2014 each consisted of 52 weeks.  
 Description of the Business  
 Domino’s is the second largest pizza restaurant chain in the world, with more than 11,600 locations in over 75 markets. Founded in 1960, our roots
are in convenient pizza delivery, while a significant amount of our sales also come from carryout customers. Although we are a highly-recognized global brand, we focus on serving the local neighborhoods in which we live and do business through our
large network of franchise owners and Company-owned stores. On average, we sell more than 1.5 million pizzas each day throughout our global system.    Our business model is straightforward: we handcraft and serve quality food at a competitive price, with easy ordering access and efficient service, which are enhanced by our technology innovations. Our
dough is generally made fresh and distributed to stores around the world by us and our franchisees.    Domino’s
generates revenues and earnings by charging royalties to its franchisees. Royalties are ongoing percent-of-sales fees for use of the Domino’s brand marks. The Company also generates revenues and earnings by selling food, equipment and supplies
to franchisees primarily in the U.S. and Canada, and by operating a number of our own stores. Franchisees profit by selling pizza and other complementary items to their local customers. In our international markets, we generally grant geographical
rights to the Domino’s Pizza ®  brand to master franchisees. These master franchisees are charged with
developing their geographical area, and they profit by sub-franchising and selling ingredients and equipment to those sub-franchisees, as well as by running pizza stores. Everyone in the system can benefit, including the end consumer, who can feed
their family Domino’s menu items conveniently and economically.    Our business model can yield strong returns for our franchise owners and
Company-owned stores. It can also yield significant cash flow to us, through a consistent franchise royalty payment and supply chain revenue stream, with moderate capital expenditures. We have historically returned cash to shareholders through
dividend payments and share buybacks since becoming a publicly-traded company.   In the fourth quarter of 2014 several organizational changes
were made within the Company’s management structure, with one of the changes impacting the management of our supply chain operations. As a result, management determined that our previous domestic supply chain segment and the international
supply chain operations division of our previous international segment should be combined into a new global supply chain segment. As a result, we now report the following three business segments: domestic stores, supply chain and international
franchise. While the consolidated results of the Company have not been impacted by this change in our reportable segments, we have restated our historical segment information in order to provide readers of our financial statements with a consistent
presentation.    Fiscal 2014 Highlights      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global retail sales (which are total retail sales at Company-owned and franchised stores worldwide) increased 11.1% as compared to 2013.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Same store sales increased 7.5% in our domestic stores and, when excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, increased 6.9% in our
international stores.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our revenues increased 10.6%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our income from operations increased 10.1%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our net income increased 13.7%.    During 2014, we continued our rapid global expansion with the opening of 743 net new stores. Our international segment led the way with a record 662 net new store openings.  
 We continued our focus on growing online ordering and the digital customer experience as we introduced “Dom,” a voice ordering application,
which we believe is the first in the restaurant industry, and we also made the Domino’s Tracker® available on the Pebble smartwatch platform. Our emphasis on technology innovation helped us generate approximately 45% of U.S. sales from
digital channels in 2014, as well as reach an estimated $3.6 billion in global digital sales.    Overall, we believe our focus in 2014 on global
growth and technology will strengthen our brand in the future.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fiscal 2013 Highlights  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global retail sales increased 8.2% as compared to 2012.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Same store sales increased 5.4% in our domestic stores and, when excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, increased 6.2% in our
international stores.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our revenues increased 7.4%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our income from operations increased 11.2%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our net income increased 27.2%.    During 2013, we continued our strong global growth, as evidenced by the 631 net new stores that were opened. Our international segment led the way with 573 net new store openings.  
 We also remained focused on technology and improving the experience for our customers. We launched our enhanced online ordering profiles platform,
allowing customers the ability to reorder their favorite order in as few as five clicks, or about 30 seconds. Our emphasis on technology innovation helped us generate approximately 40% of U.S. sales from digital channels in 2013, as well as reach an
estimated $3 billion in global digital sales.    We believe our accomplishments and efforts in each of these areas will improve our brand image
and brand positioning in the future.    Critical accounting policies and estimates  
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, our management evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, long-lived and intangible assets, insurance
and legal matters, share-based payments and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Changes in our accounting policies and estimates could materially impact our results of
operations and financial condition for any particular period. We believe that our most critical accounting policies and estimates are:  
 Revenue recognition . We earn revenues through our network of domestic Company-owned and franchised stores, dough manufacturing and supply chain
centers and international operations. Retail sales from franchise stores are reported to the Company by its franchisees and are not included in Company revenues. Retail sales from Company-owned stores and royalty revenues resulting from the retail
sales from franchised stores are recognized as revenues when the items are delivered to or carried out by customers. Retail sales are generally reported and related royalties paid to the Company based on a percentage of retail sales, as specified in
the related standard franchise agreement (generally 5.5% of domestic franchise retail sales and, on average, 3.1% of international franchise retail sales). Revenues from Company-owned stores and royalty revenues from franchised stores can fluctuate
from time-to-time as a result of store count changes. This can occur when a Company-owned store is sold to a franchisee. If a Company-owned store that generated $500,000 in revenue in fiscal 2013 was sold to a franchisee in fiscal 2014, revenues
from Company-owned stores would have declined by $500,000 in fiscal 2014, while franchise royalty revenues would have increased by only $27,500 in fiscal 2014, as we generally collect 5.5% of a domestic franchisee’s retail sales. Sales of food
from our supply chain centers are recognized as revenues upon delivery of the food to franchisees, while sales of equipment and supplies are generally recognized as revenues upon shipment of the related products to franchisees.  
 Long-lived and intangible assets.  We record long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and capitalized software, at cost. For
acquisitions of franchise operations, we estimate the fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired based on physical inspection of assets, historical experience and other information available to us regarding the acquisition. We depreciate and
amortize long-lived assets using useful lives determined by us based on historical experience and other information available to us. We evaluate the potential impairment of long-lived assets at least annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Our evaluation is based on various analyses, including the projection of undiscounted cash flows. For Company-owned stores, we perform related impairment tests on
an operating market basis, which the Company has determined to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other cash flows. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the amount of the expected future
undiscounted cash flows of that asset, the Company estimates the fair value of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized and the asset is written down to its
estimated fair value.  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We have not made any significant changes in the methodology used to project the future market cash flows of
Company-owned stores during the years presented. Same store sales fluctuations and the rates at which operating costs will fluctuate in the future are key factors in evaluating recoverability of the related assets. If our same store sales
significantly decline or if operating costs increase and we are unable to recover these costs, the carrying value of our Company-owned stores, by market, may be unrecoverable and we may be required to recognize an impairment charge. As discussed in
Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements, the Company incurred an impairment charge related to its corporate airplane in the fourth quarter of 2014. Aside from this impairment charge, the Company did not record an impairment charge during
fiscal 2014.    A significant portion of our goodwill relates to acquisitions of domestic franchise stores and is included in our domestic
stores segment, specifically, our Company-owned stores division. We evaluate goodwill annually for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit (which is primarily determined using the present value of historical cash flows) to its
carrying value. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, goodwill would be impaired. We have not made any significant changes in the methodology used to evaluate goodwill impairment during the years presented. At
December 28, 2014, the fair value of our business operations with associated goodwill exceeded their recorded carrying value, including the related goodwill. If cash flows generated by our Company-owned stores were to decline significantly in
the future or there were negative revisions to the market multiple assumption, we may be required to recognize a goodwill impairment charge. However, based on the latest impairment analysis, we do not believe it is reasonably likely that there could
be changes in assumptions that would trigger impairment.    Insurance and legal matters.  We are a party to lawsuits and legal proceedings
arising in the ordinary course of business. Management closely monitors these legal matters and estimates the probable costs for the resolution of such matters. These estimates are primarily determined by consulting with both internal and external
parties handling the matters and are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. While historically our actual losses have been materially consistent with our reserves, legal judgments
can be volatile and difficult to predict. Accordingly, if our estimates relating to legal matters proved inaccurate for any reason, we may be required to increase or decrease the related expense in future periods. We had accruals for legal matters
of approximately $4.3 million at December 28, 2014 and $5.0 million at December 29, 2013.    For certain periods prior to December
1998 and for periods after December 2001, we maintain insurance coverage for workers’ compensation, general liability and owned and non-owned auto liability under insurance policies requiring payment of a deductible for each occurrence up to
between $500,000 and $3.0 million, depending on the policy year and line of coverage. The related insurance reserves are based on undiscounted independent actuarial estimates, which are based on historical information along with assumptions about
future events. Specifically, various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial valuation methods, are utilized to estimate the cost to settle reported claims, and claims incurred but not yet reported. The actuarial valuation
methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on the claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. When estimating these liabilities, several factors are considered, including the severity, duration and frequency of claims,
legal cost associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation.    Our methodology for determining our exposure has remained
consistent throughout the years presented. Management believes that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self-insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data that management uses to make its
best estimate of our exposure to these risks. While historically our actual losses have been materially consistent with our reserves, changes in assumptions for such factors as medical costs and legal actions, as well as changes in actual
experience, could cause our estimates to change in the near term which could result in an increase or decrease in the related expense in future periods. A 10% change in our self-insurance liability at December 28, 2014 would have affected our
income before provision for income taxes by approximately $4.1 million for fiscal 2014. We had accruals for insurance matters of approximately $41.4 million at December 28, 2014 and $38.8 million at December 29, 2013.  
 Share-based payments.  We recognize compensation expense related to our share-based compensation arrangements over the requisite service period
based on the grant date fair value of the awards. The grant date fair value of each restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock award is equal to the market price of our stock on the date of grant. The grant date fair value of each stock
option award is estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The pricing model requires assumptions, including the expected life of the stock option, the risk-free interest rate, the expected dividend yield and expected volatility of our
stock over the expected life, which significantly impact the assumed fair value. We are also required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those awards expected to vest. We use historical data to determine these
assumptions. Additionally, our stock option, restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock arrangements provide for accelerated vesting and the ability to exercise during the remainder of the ten-year stock option life upon the retirement
of individuals holding the awards who have achieved specified service and age requirements.  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Management believes that the methods and various assumptions used to determine compensation expense related
to these arrangements are reasonable, but if the assumptions change significantly for future grants, share-based compensation expense will fluctuate in future years.    Income taxes.  We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and reserves for
uncertain tax positions. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using current enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which we expect the temporary differences to be recovered or paid. Judgment is required in determining the
provision for income taxes, related reserves and deferred tax assets and liabilities. These include establishing a valuation allowance related to the ability to realize certain deferred tax assets, if necessary. On an ongoing basis, management will
assess whether it remains more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company had valuation allowances recorded for deferred tax assets of approximately $0.5 million as of December 28, 2014 and approximately $0.9
million as of December 29, 2013. Our accounting for deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. Our net deferred tax assets assume that we will generate sufficient taxable income in specific tax jurisdictions, based on
our estimates and assumptions. Changes in our current estimates due to unanticipated events could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.    The amounts recorded on the balance sheet relating to uncertain tax positions consider the ultimate resolution of revenue agent reviews based on estimates and assumptions. We believe we have appropriately
accounted for our uncertain tax positions; however, tax audits, changes in tax laws and other unforeseen matters may result in us owing additional taxes. We adjust our reserves for uncertain tax positions when facts and circumstances change or due
to the passage of time. The completion of a tax audit, the expiration of a statute of limitations, or changes in penalty and interest reserves associated with uncertain tax positions are examples of situations when we may adjust our reserves.
Management believes that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately provided for these matters. However, to the extent the final tax outcome of these matters is different than our recorded amounts, we may be
required to adjust our tax reserves resulting in additional income tax expense or benefit in future periods.    Same Store Sales Growth
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 6.2 
 %  
   
   
 3.9 
 %  
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
 
   Domestic franchise stores 
    
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 5.5 
 %  
   
   
 3.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Domestic stores 
    
   
 7.5 
 %  
   
   
 5.4 
 %  
   
   
 3.1 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   International stores (excluding foreign currency impact) 
    
   
 6.9 
 %  
   
   
 6.2 
 %  
   
   
 5.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Store Growth Activity      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Domestic Company-owned Stores 
   
   
 Domestic Franchise 
   
   
 Total Domestic Stores 
   
   
 International Stores 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Store count at January 1, 2012 
    
   
 394 
    
   
   
 4,513 
    
   
   
 4,907 
    
   
   
 4,835 
    
   
   
 9,742 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Openings 
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 80 
    
   
   
 82 
    
   
   
 559 
    
   
   
 641 
    
 
   Closings 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (59 
 )  
   
   
 (61 
 )  
   
   
 (67 
 )  
   
   
 (128 
 )  
 
   Transfers 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at December 30, 2012 
    
   
 388 
    
   
   
 4,540 
    
   
   
 4,928 
    
   
   
 5,327 
    
   
   
 10,255 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Openings 
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 102 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
   
 611 
    
   
   
 715 
    
 
   Closings 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 (38 
 )  
   
   
 (84 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at December 29, 2013 
    
   
 390 
    
   
   
 4,596 
    
   
   
 4,986 
    
   
   
 5,900 
    
   
   
 10,886 
    
 
   Openings 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 115 
    
   
   
 115 
    
   
   
 722 
    
   
   
 837 
    
 
   Closings 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 (60 
 )  
   
   
 (94 
 )  
 
   Transfers 
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at December 28, 2014 
    
   
 377 
    
   
   
 4,690 
    
   
   
 5,067 
    
   
   
 6,562 
    
   
   
 11,629 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Income Statement Data  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 348.5 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 337.4 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 323.7 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 230.2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 212.4 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 195.0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,262.5 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,118.9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,039.8 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   International franchise 
    
   
 152.6 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 133.6 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 120.0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 1,993.8 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 1,802.2 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 1,678.4 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 267.4 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 256.6 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 247.4 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,131.7 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 996.7 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 929.7 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,399.1 
    
   
   
 70.2 
 %  
   
   
 1,253.2 
    
   
   
 69.5 
 %  
   
   
 1,177.1 
    
   
   
 70.1 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 594.8 
    
   
   
 29.8 
 %  
   
   
 549.0 
    
   
   
 30.5 
 %  
   
   
 501.3 
    
   
   
 29.9 
 %  
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 249.4 
    
   
   
 12.5 
 %  
   
   
 235.2 
    
   
   
 13.1 
 %  
   
   
 219.0 
    
   
   
 13.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 345.4 
    
   
   
 17.3 
 %  
   
   
 313.8 
    
   
   
 17.4 
 %  
   
   
 282.3 
    
   
   
 16.8 
 %  
 
   Interest expense, net 
    
   
 (86.7 
 )  
   
   
 (4.4 
 )%  
   
   
 (88.7 
 )  
   
   
 (4.9 
 )%  
   
   
 (101.1 
 )  
   
   
 (6.0 
 )%  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 258.6 
    
   
   
 13.0 
 %  
   
   
 225.1 
    
   
   
 12.5 
 %  
   
   
 181.2 
    
   
   
 10.8 
 %  
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 96.0 
    
   
   
 4.8 
 %  
   
   
 82.1 
    
   
   
 4.6 
 %  
   
   
 68.8 
    
   
   
 4.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 162.6 
    
   
   
 8.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 143.0 
    
   
   
 7.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 112.4 
    
   
   
 6.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   2014 compared to 2013    (tabular amounts in millions, except percentages)    Revenues.  Revenues primarily consist of
retail sales from our Company-owned stores, royalties and fees from our domestic and international franchised stores and sales of food, equipment and supplies from our supply chain centers to substantially all of our domestic franchised stores and
certain international franchised stores. Company-owned store and franchised store revenues may vary from period to period due to changes in store count mix. Supply chain revenues may vary significantly as a result of fluctuations in commodity prices
as well as the mix of products we sell.    Consolidated revenues increased $191.6 million or 10.6% in 2014. The increase was driven by higher
supply chain revenues due to higher volumes from increased store order counts, higher commodity prices, and increased sales of equipment to stores in connection with our store reimaging program. Domestic store revenues rose due to an increase in
same store sales and store count growth. In addition, higher international franchise same store sales and store count growth also increased consolidated revenues. These increases were offset in part by the negative impact on international revenues
of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These changes in revenues are more fully described below.    Domestic stores.  Revenues
from domestic stores are primarily comprised of retail sales from domestic Company-owned store operations as well as royalties from retail sales and other fees from domestic franchised stores, as summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 348.5 
    
    
   
 60.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 337.4 
    
    
   
 61.4 
 %  
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 230.2 
    
    
   
 39.8 
 %  
   
   
 212.4 
    
    
   
 38.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total domestic stores revenues 
    
 $ 
 578.7 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 549.8 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Higher franchise same store sales, store count growth and higher domestic Company-owned same store sales drove an
increase in overall domestic store revenues of $28.9 million or 5.3%. These results are more fully described below.    Domestic Company-owned
stores.  Revenues from domestic Company-owned store operations increased $11.1 million or 3.3% in 2014. This increase was due to a 6.2% increase in same store sales as compared to 2013, offset in part by a decrease in the average number of
domestic Company-owned stores open during 2014.    Domestic franchise.  Revenues from domestic franchise operations increased $17.8
million or 8.4% in 2014. The increase was driven by a 7.7% increase in same store sales as compared to 2013 and, to a lesser extent, an increase in the average number of domestic franchised stores open during 2014. Revenues further benefited from
fees paid by franchisees related to our insourced online ordering platform and we also incurred an increase in expenses related to these technology initiatives.  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Supply chain.  Revenues from supply chain operations are primarily comprised of sales of food,
equipment and supplies from our supply chain centers to substantially all of our domestic franchised stores and certain international franchised stores, as summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Domestic supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,141.1 
    
    
   
 90.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,009.9 
    
    
   
 90.3 
 %  
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 121.4 
    
    
   
 9.6 
 %  
   
   
 109.0 
    
    
   
 9.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,262.5 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,118.9 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Domestic supply chain.  Domestic supply chain revenues increased $131.2 million or 13.0% in 2014. The increase was
primarily attributable to higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level, higher overall commodity prices, and increases in sales of equipment and supplies. Changes in U.S. cheese prices increased revenues by approximately $33.0
million in 2014.    International supply chain.  Revenues from international supply chain operations increased $12.4 million or 11.3% in
2014. This increase resulted primarily from higher volumes in 2014, and was offset in part by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates of approximately $7.3 million during the year.  
 International franchise.  International franchise revenues primarily consist of royalties from retail sales and other fees from our international
franchise stores. Revenues from international franchise operations increased $19.0 million or 14.3% in 2014. This increase was due to higher same store sales and an increase in the average number of international stores open during 2014, and was
offset in part by the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately $3.4 million in 2014. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, same store sales increased 6.9% in 2014 compared to 2013. When the
impact of foreign currency exchange rates is included, same store sales increased 4.9% in 2014 compared to 2013. This variance was caused by a generally stronger U.S. dollar when compared to the currencies in the international markets in which we
compete.    Cost of sales / Operating margin.  Consolidated cost of sales consists primarily of domestic Company-owned store and supply
chain costs incurred to generate related revenues. Components of consolidated cost of sales primarily include food, labor and occupancy costs. The changes to the consolidated operating margin, which we define as revenues less cost of sales are
summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Consolidated revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,993.8 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,802.2 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Consolidated cost of sales 
    
   
 1,399.1 
    
    
   
 70.2 
 %  
   
   
 1,253.2 
    
    
   
 69.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated operating margin 
    
 $ 
 594.8 
    
    
   
 29.8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 549.0 
    
    
   
 30.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $45.8 million or 8.3% increase in consolidated operating margin was due primarily to higher domestic and
international franchise revenues and higher supply chain margins. Franchise revenues do not have a cost of sales component, so changes in franchise revenues have a disproportionate effect on the consolidated operating margin.  
 As a percentage of total revenues, our consolidated operating margin decreased 0.7 percentage points in 2014, due to lower supply chain and Company-owned
stores operating margins as a percentage of their revenues. These changes were primarily a result of higher commodity prices and were offset in part by a higher mix of franchise revenues and are more fully described below.  
 Domestic Company-owned stores.  The changes to domestic Company-owned store operating margin, which do not include other store-level costs such as
royalties and advertising, are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 348.5 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 337.4 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 267.4 
    
    
   
 76.7 
 %  
   
   
 256.6 
    
    
   
 76.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Store operating margin 
    
 $ 
 81.1 
    
    
   
 23.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 80.8 
    
    
   
 24.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $0.3 million or 0.4% increase in the domestic Company-owned store operating margin was due primarily to higher same
store sales. This was offset in part by an increase in overall commodity prices and labor and related expenses.    As a percentage of store
revenues, the store operating margin decreased 0.7 percentage points in 2014, as discussed in more detail below.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Food costs increased 0.7 percentage points to 28.3% in 2014, due primarily to higher overall commodity prices. The cheese block price per pound
averaged $2.13 in 2014 compared to $1.75 in 2013.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Occupancy costs, which include rent, telephone, utilities and depreciation, decreased 0.1 percentage points to 9.2% in 2014 due primarily to the
positive impact of higher sales per store.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Labor and related costs remained flat at 28.0% in 2014.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Insurance costs decreased 0.1 percentage points to 2.7% in 2014, due primarily to the positive impact of higher sales per store.
 
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Supply chain.  The changes to the supply chain operating margin are summarized in the following table.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,262.5 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,118.9 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,131.7 
    
    
   
 89.6 
 %  
   
   
 996.7 
    
    
   
 89.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Supply chain operating margin 
    
 $ 
 130.8 
    
    
   
 10.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 122.2 
    
    
   
 10.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $8.6 million increase in the supply chain operating margin was due primarily to higher volumes from increased store
order counts.    As a percentage of supply chain revenues, the supply chain operating margin decreased 0.5 percentage points in 2014 due to
higher commodity prices and higher health insurance costs, offset in part by the positive impact of higher volumes. Increases in certain food prices have a negative effect on the supply chain operating margin percentage due to the fixed dollar
margin earned by supply chain on certain food items. Changes in U.S. cheese prices increased both revenues and costs by $33.0 million in 2014. If the 2014 U.S. cheese prices had been in effect during 2013, the supply chain operating margin as a
percentage of supply chain revenues would have decreased by 0.3 percentage points. However, the dollar margin would have been unaffected.  
 General and administrative expenses.  General and administrative expenses increased $14.2 million or 6.1% in 2014. These increases were due in part
to an impairment charge of $5.8 million in connection with replacing our corporate airplane, as well as continued investments that we made in technology and international initiatives, including the addition of team members in both areas. A decrease
in non-cash compensation expense of $4.4 million partially offset these increases.    Interest income.  Interest income decreased slightly
to $0.1 million in 2014.    Interest expense.  Interest expense decreased $2.0 million to $86.9 million in 2014. The decrease was due
primarily to lower interest expense resulting from a lower average debt balance during 2014 compared to 2013 and to a lesser extent, lower interest expense from the cash collateralization of our letters of credit.  
 Our cash borrowing rate remained flat at 5.3% during fiscal 2014. Our average outstanding debt balance, excluding capital lease obligations, was
approximately $1.52 billion in 2014 and approximately $1.54 billion in 2013. The decrease in the Company’s average outstanding debt balance resulted from the principal payments made on its fixed rate notes during the first two quarters of 2014.
   Provision for income taxes.  Provision for income taxes increased $13.9 million to $96.0 million in 2014, due primarily to higher
pre-tax income. The Company’s effective income tax rate increased 0.6 percentage points to 37.1% of pre-tax income in 2014. The lower effective tax rate in fiscal 2013 primarily resulted from a tax benefit recorded for prior tax years in
connection with the Company revising its calculation for a deduction related to its domestic dough production.    2013 compared to 2012
   (tabular amounts in millions, except percentages)    Revenues.  Consolidated revenues increased $123.8 million or 7.4% in 2013. The increase was driven by higher supply chain revenues due to a change in the mix of products sold, higher volumes from
increased store order counts and higher commodity prices. Higher International same store sales and store count growth also increased consolidated revenues. Domestic franchise and Company-owned store revenues also rose due to an increase in same
store sales. These increases were offset in part by the negative impact on international revenues of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These changes in revenues are more fully described below.  
 Domestic stores.  Domestic stores revenues are summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 337.4 
    
    
   
 61.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 323.7 
    
    
   
 62.4 
 %  
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 212.4 
    
    
   
 38.6 
 %  
   
   
 195.0 
    
    
   
 37.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total domestic stores revenues 
    
 $ 
 549.8 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 518.7 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Higher franchise same store sales and higher domestic Company-owned same store sales drove an increase in royalty
revenues, which increased overall domestic store revenues by $31.1 million or 6.0%. These results are more fully described below.    Domestic
Company-owned stores.  Revenues from domestic Company-owned store operations increased $13.8 million or 4.3% in 2013. The increase was primarily due to a 3.9% increase in same store sales as compared to 2012.  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Domestic franchise.  Revenues from domestic franchise operations increased $17.4 million or 8.9% in
2013. The increase was driven by a 5.5% increase in same store sales as compared to 2012 and to a lesser extent, an increase in the average number of domestic franchised stores open during 2013. Revenues further benefited from fees paid by
franchisees related to our insourced online ordering platform and we also incurred an increase in expenses related to these technology initiatives. Additionally, we contracted with a third party to manage our gift card program during 2013. In
connection with this change, we refined our assessment of our gift card liability and recorded approximately $3.2 million of domestic franchise revenue and reimbursed approximately $1.5 million to our national advertising fund, as discussed further
in general and administrative expenses.    Supply chain.  Supply chain revenues are summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Domestic supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,009.9 
    
    
   
 90.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 942.2 
    
    
   
 90.6 
 %  
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 109.0 
    
    
   
 9.7 
 %  
   
   
 97.6 
    
    
   
 9.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,118.9 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,039.8 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Domestic supply chain.  Domestic supply chain revenues increased $67.7 million or 7.2% in 2013. The increase was
primarily attributable to higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level, higher overall commodity prices, a change in the mix of products sold and increases in sales of equipment and supplies. Changes in U.S. cheese prices increased
revenues by approximately $8.6 million in 2013.    International supply chain.  Revenues from international supply chain operations
increased $11.4 million or 11.7% in 2013. The increase resulted primarily from higher volumes during the year, and was offset in part by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates of $2.9 million in 2013.  
 International franchise.  International franchise revenues increased $13.6 million or 11.3% in 2013. The increase was primarily driven by higher
same store sales and an increase in the average number of international stores open during 2013, offset in part by the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately $4.3 million in 2013. Excluding the impact of
foreign currency exchange rates, same store sales increased 6.2% in 2013 compared to 2012. When the impact of foreign currency exchange rates is included, same store sales increased 2.8% in 2013 compared to 2012. This variance was caused by a
generally stronger U.S. dollar when compared to the currencies in the international markets in which we compete.    Cost of sales / Operating
margin.  The changes to the consolidated operating margin, which we define as revenues less cost of sales, are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Consolidated revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,802.2 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,678.4 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Consolidated cost of sales 
    
   
 1,253.2 
    
    
   
 69.5 
 %  
   
   
 1,177.1 
    
    
   
 70.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated operating margin 
    
 $ 
 549.0 
    
    
   
 30.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 501.3 
    
    
   
 29.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $47.7 million or 9.5% increase in consolidated operating margin was due primarily to higher domestic and
international franchise revenues, higher margins at our Company-owned stores and higher domestic supply chain margins. Franchise revenues do not have a cost of sales component, so changes in franchise revenues have a disproportionate effect on the
consolidated operating margin.    As a percentage of total revenues, our consolidated operating margin increased 0.6 percentage points in 2013,
due to a higher mix of franchise revenues and higher supply chain and Company-owned stores operating margins, offset in part by higher overall commodity prices.    Domestic Company-owned stores.  The changes to domestic Company-owned store operating margin, which do not include other store-level costs such as royalties and advertising, are summarized in the
following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 337.4 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 323.7 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 256.6 
    
    
   
 76.0 
 %  
   
   
 247.4 
    
    
   
 76.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Store operating margin 
    
 $ 
 80.8 
    
    
   
 24.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 76.3 
    
    
   
 23.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $4.5 million or 6.0% increase in the domestic Company-owned store operating margin was the result of higher same
store sales, lower labor and related expenses, lower occupancy expenses and lower insurance expenses. This was offset in part by an increase in overall commodity prices.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As a percentage of store revenues, the store operating margin increased 0.4 percentage points in 2013, as
discussed in more detail below.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Food costs increased 0.5 percentage points to 27.6% in 2013, due primarily to higher overall commodity prices. The cheese block price per pound
averaged $1.75 in 2013 compared to $1.69 in 2012.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Occupancy costs, which include rent, telephone, utilities and depreciation, decreased 0.2 percentage points to 9.3% in 2013 due primarily to the
positive impact of higher sales per store.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Labor and related costs decreased 0.4 percentage points to 28.0% in 2013, due primarily to leveraging the higher sales per store.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Insurance costs decreased 0.3 percentage points to 2.8% in 2013, due primarily to lower health costs per store and the positive impact of higher sales
per store.    Supply chain.  The changes to the supply chain operating margin are summarized in the following table.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,118.9 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,039.8 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 996.7 
    
    
   
 89.1 
 %  
   
   
 929.7 
    
    
   
 89.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Supply chain operating margin 
    
 $ 
 122.2 
    
    
   
 10.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 110.1 
    
    
   
 10.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The supply chain operating margin increased $12.1 million or 11.0% in 2013 due primarily to higher volumes from increased
store order counts and a change in the mix of products sold.    As a percentage of supply chain revenues, the supply chain operating margin
increased 0.3 percentage points in 2013 due to the positive impact of higher volumes and lower health insurance costs, offset in part by higher commodity costs. Increases in certain food prices have a negative effect on the supply chain operating
margin percentage due to the fixed dollar margin earned by supply chain on certain food items. Changes in U.S. cheese prices increased both revenues and costs by $8.6 million in 2013. If the 2013 U.S. cheese prices had been in effect during 2012,
the supply chain operating margin as a percentage of supply chain revenues would have decreased by 0.1 percentage points. However, the dollar margin would have been unaffected.    General and administrative expenses.  General and administrative expenses increased $16.2 million or 7.4% in 2013. These increases were due in part to an increase in non-cash compensation expense of
$4.4 million and higher variable performance-based compensation expenses of approximately $2.0 million. General and administrative expenses also include a reimbursement of approximately $1.5 million during 2013 to our national advertising fund
related to their historical costs to support the Company’s gift card program, as discussed above in domestic franchise revenues. Additionally, we continued our investments in technology and international initiatives, including the addition of
team members in both areas, which also increased general and administrative expenses during 2013 compared to 2012.    Interest income. 
Interest income decreased slightly to $0.2 million in 2013.    Interest expense.  Interest expense decreased $12.6 million to $88.9
million in 2013. The decrease was driven by approximately $10.2 million of expenses incurred in the first quarter of 2012 related to the 2012 Recapitalization which did not recur in 2013, as well as from lower interest expense resulting from a lower
average debt balance during 2013 compared to 2012.    Our cash borrowing rate decreased slightly, by 0.2 percentage points, to 5.3% during
fiscal 2013. Our average outstanding debt balance, excluding capital lease obligations, was approximately $1.5 billion in 2013 and approximately $1.6 billion in 2012. The decrease in the Company’s average outstanding debt balance resulted from
the principal payments made on its fixed rate notes during 2013.    Provision for income taxes.  Provision for income taxes increased
$13.3 million in 2013, due primarily to higher pre-tax income. The Company’s 2013 effective income tax rate decreased 1.5 percentage points to 36.5% of pre-tax income. This decrease was partly from a tax benefit of approximately $1.4 million
recorded in the third quarter of 2013 related to prior tax years in connection with the Company revising its calculation for a deduction related to its domestic dough production.  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Liquidity and capital resources    Historically, we have operated with minimal positive working capital or negative working capital primarily because our receivable collection periods and inventory turn rates are faster than the normal
payment terms on our current liabilities. We generally collect our receivables within three weeks from the date of the related sale, and we generally experience 30 to 40 inventory turns per year. In addition, our sales are not typically seasonal,
which further limits our working capital requirements. These factors, coupled with the use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, invest in our business, pay dividends and repurchase our common stock, reduce our
working capital amounts. As of December 28, 2014, we had working capital of $41.8 million, excluding restricted cash and cash equivalents of $121.0 million and including total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $30.9 million.  
 As of December 28, 2014, we had approximately $56.2 million of restricted cash held for future principal and interest payments, $43.9 million of
cash held as collateral for outstanding letters of credit, $20.8 million of restricted cash held in a three month interest reserve as required by the related debt agreements and $0.1 million of other restricted cash, for a total of $121.0 million of
restricted cash and cash equivalents.    The Company entered into a recapitalization transaction in 2012, in which certain of our subsidiaries
replaced the outstanding 2007 fixed rate notes and variable funding notes with new notes (the Notes) issued pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The Notes consist of $1.575 billion of Series 2012-1 5.216% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,
Class A-2 (the Fixed Rate Notes) and $100.0 million of Series 2012-1 Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes, Class A-1 (the Variable Funding Notes). Additional information related to the Recapitalization transaction is included in Note 4 to
our consolidated financial statements.    The Fixed Rate Notes original scheduled principal amortization payments are $29.5 million in 2015,
$37.4 million in 2016, $39.4 million in each of 2017 and 2018, and $9.8 million in 2019. In accordance with our debt agreements, once we meet certain conditions, including maximum leverage ratios as defined of less than or equal to 4.5x total debt
to EBITDA, we cease to make the scheduled principal amortization payments. If one of the defined leverage ratios subsequently exceeds 4.5x, we must make-up the payments we had previously not made. During the second quarter of 2014, we met the
maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x, and, in accordance with our debt agreements, ceased debt amortization payments in the third quarter of 2014. We continued to meet the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x in the third and fourth
quarters of 2014 and currently do not plan to make previously scheduled debt amortization payments as permitted in our debt agreements.    The
Notes are subject to certain financial and non-financial covenants, including a debt service coverage calculation, as defined in the related agreements. In the event that certain covenants are not met, the Notes may become due and payable on an
accelerated schedule.    On March 16, 2012, our Board of Directors declared a $3.00 per share special cash dividend on the outstanding
common stock totaling $171.1 million, which was paid on April 2, 2012 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 26, 2012. Additionally, under the anti-dilution provisions in our underlying stock option plans, on
April 2, 2012, we made a corresponding cash payment of approximately $13.5 million on certain stock options, reduced the exercise price on certain other stock options by an equivalent per share amount and, in certain circumstances, both reduced
the stock option exercise price and made a cash payment totaling $3.00 per share.    On April 2, 2012, we also accrued an estimated $2.4
million for payments to be made as certain performance-based restricted stock grants vest. The dividend and related dividend equivalent payments were funded with the remaining proceeds from the 2012 Recapitalization and cash on hand. These
anti-dilution payments were accounted for as modifications/settlements and were recorded as increases in total stockholders’ deficit. As of December 30, 2012, total cash paid for common stock dividends and related anti-dilution equivalent
payments was approximately $185.5 million and the total estimated liability recorded for future cash dividend payments on certain performance-based restricted stock was approximately $1.5 million. As of December 28, 2014, the total estimated
liability recorded for future cash dividend payments on certain performance-based restricted stock was approximately $0.6 million.    During
fiscal 2012, in connection with the 2012 Recapitalization, we incurred approximately $10.5 million of net expenses. Additionally, we recorded an additional $32.5 million of deferred financing costs as an asset in the consolidated balance sheet
during fiscal 2012. This amount, in addition to the $7.4 million recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at January 1, 2012 is being amortized into interest expense over the seven-year expected term of the debt.  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our primary source of liquidity is cash flows from operations and availability of borrowings under our
Variable Funding Notes. As of December 28, 2014, we had $44.1 million of outstanding letters of credit and $55.9 million of available borrowing capacity under our Variable Funding Notes. The letters of credit are primarily related to our
casualty insurance programs and supply chain center leases. The Company has collateralized these letters of credit with $43.9 million of restricted cash to reduce its fees on the Variable Funding Notes, and has the ability to access this cash with
minimal notice. Borrowings under the Variable Funding Notes are available to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and, subject to other limitations, other general corporate purposes including dividend payments.  
 The Company has a Board of Directors-approved open market share repurchase program of the Company’s common stock, which was reset during the first
quarter of 2014 at $200.0 million. The open market share repurchase program has historically been funded by excess cash flows. The Company used cash of approximately $82.4 million in 2014 and $97.1 million in 2013 for share repurchases. The Company
had approximately $132.7 million left under the $200.0 million authorization as of December 28, 2014. We expect to continue to use ongoing excess cash flow generation and (subject to certain restrictions in the documents governing the Variable
Funding Notes) availability under the Variable Funding Notes to, among other things, repurchase shares under the current authorized program.  
 In the past three years, we have invested between $29.3 million and $71.8 million annually in capital expenditures. In 2014, we invested $71.8 million in
capital expenditures which primarily related to investments in existing Company-owned stores, supply chain centers and training facilities, the purchase of a corporate airplane, investments in our proprietary internally developed point-of-sale
system (Domino’s PULSE), our digital ordering platform and other technology initiatives. We expect to continue capital expenditures of $50 to $60 million in the future as we see continuing opportunities to invest in our industry leading
technology platform, the reimaging of our corporate stores and other initiatives to grow our brand. We did not have any material commitments for capital expenditures as of December 28, 2014.  
 The following table illustrates the main components of our cash flows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   (In thousands) 
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
    
 December 29, 2013 
   
    
 December 30, 2012 
   


 
   Cash Flows Provided By (Used In) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 192.3 
    
    
 $ 
 194.0 
    
    
 $ 
 176.3 
    
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
    
   
 (57.4 
 )  
    
   
 (99.7 
 )  
    
   
 7.3 
    
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (118.9 
 )  
    
   
 (134.8 
 )  
    
   
 (177.4 
 )  
 
   Exchange rate changes 
    
   
 0.5 
    
    
   
 0.1 
    
    
   
 (1.7 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and equivalents 
    
 $ 
 16.5 
    
    
 $ 
 (40.4 
 )  
    
 $ 
 4.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Operating Activities    Cash provided by operating activities was $192.3 million in fiscal 2014. Our cash provided by operating activities was mainly the result of net income of $162.6 million that was generated during the year,
which included non-cash expenses of $29.7 million.    During fiscal 2013, cash provided by operating activities was $194.0 million, mainly the
result of net income of $143.0 generated during fiscal 2013 and which included non-cash expenses of $39.5 million. The changes in operating assets and liabilities also generated $11.5 million of cash inflows during 2013.  
 Cash provided by operating activities was $176.3 million in fiscal 2012. Our cash provided by operating activities was mainly the result of net income of
$112.4 million that was generated during the year and which included $43.8 million of non-cash expenses. The changes in operating assets and liabilities also generated $20.1 million of cash inflows, primarily from the timing of payments of operating
liabilities.    We are focused on continually improving our net income and cash flow from operations, and management expects to continue to
generate positive cash flows from operating activities for the foreseeable future.    Investing Activities  
 During fiscal 2014, cash used in investing activities was $57.4 million, which consisted primarily of $70.1 million of capital expenditures (driven by
increased investments in Company-owned stores and supply chain centers, investments in our technology initiatives, and the purchase of a corporate airplane). Proceeds from the sale of assets of $9.2 million and a $4.5 million net change in
restricted cash offset the use of cash in investing activities.  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During fiscal 2013, cash used in investing activities was $99.7 million, which consisted primarily of a
$65.4 million net change in restricted cash and cash equivalents and $40.4 million of capital expenditures, offset by $4.5 million of proceeds from the sale of assets.    Cash provided by investing activities was $7.3 million in fiscal 2012. The main drivers of this change were the net change in restricted cash that provided $32.6 million of cash, and the use of cash
through $29.3 million of capital expenditures.    Financing Activities    We used $118.9 million of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2014 compared to $134.8 million during fiscal 2013, both primarily related to purchases of common stock, funding dividend payments to our
shareholders and making payments on our long-term debt obligations. The tax impact of equity-based compensation offset the use of cash in financing activities in both fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013.  
 In fiscal 2012, we used $177.4 million of cash in financing activities. During fiscal 2012 we issued $1.6 billion of debt in connection with our 2012
Recapitalization, which was more than offset by the $1.5 billion repayment of our existing debt at that time, the payment of $185.5 million of special dividend payments to our shareholders, $88.2 million purchases of common stock, and $32.5 million
of cash paid for financing costs related to our 2012 Recapitalization.    During fiscal 2014, we experienced increases in both domestic and
international same store sales and our international business continued to grow stores. These factors have contributed to our continued ability to generate positive operating cash flows. We expect to use our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents,
our restricted cash amounts pledged as collateral for letters of credit, ongoing cash flows from operations and available borrowings under the Variable Funding Notes to, among other things, fund working capital requirements, invest in our core
business, pay dividends and repurchase our common stock. Based upon the current level of operations and anticipated growth, we believe that the cash generated from operations, our current unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and amounts available
under the Variable Funding Notes will be more than adequate to meet our anticipated debt service requirements, capital expenditures, dividend payments and working capital needs for the foreseeable future.  
 Our ability to continue to fund these items and continue to reduce debt could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any of the events described in
Item 1A. Risk Factors. There can be no assurance, however, that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available under the Variable Funding Notes or otherwise to enable us to service
our indebtedness, or to make anticipated capital expenditures. Our future operating performance and our ability to service, extend or refinance the Fixed Rate Notes and to service, extend or refinance the Variable Funding Notes will be subject to
future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.    Impact of inflation
   We believe that our results of operations are not materially impacted by moderate changes in the inflation rate. Inflation did not have a
material impact on our operations in 2014, 2013 or 2012. Severe increases in inflation, however, could affect the global and U.S. economies and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further
discussion on the impact of commodities and other cost pressures is included above as well as in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    New accounting pronouncements    In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . This guidance outlines a single, comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with
customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance issued by the FASB, including industry specific guidance. The guidance is effective for the Company for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on January 1, 2017, and
permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. Early adoption is prohibited. The Company is evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
   Accounting standards that have been issued by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date are
not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption.  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Contractual obligations    The following is a summary of our significant contractual obligations at December 28, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Long-term debt (1): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Principal 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,521.8 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,521.8 
    
 
   Interest (2) 
    
   
 79.4 
    
    
   
 79.4 
    
    
   
 79.4 
    
    
   
 79.4 
    
    
   
 19.8 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 337.4 
    
 
   Capital leases (3) 
    
   
 0.7 
    
    
   
 0.7 
    
    
   
 0.7 
    
    
   
 0.5 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2.6 
    
 
   Operating leases (4) 
    
   
 38.6 
    
    
   
 36.3 
    
    
   
 32.4 
    
    
   
 28.7 
    
    
   
 22.3 
    
    
   
 45.7 
    
    
   
 204.0 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The maturity date of the long-term debt noted within the table above reflects the Company’s expected repayment date of January 2019, rather than the legal maturity
date of January 2042.  
 
 
 (2) 
 The interest rate on our variable funding notes is based primarily on a current commercial paper rate plus 350 basis points. The interest rate on the Fixed Rate Notes
is fixed at 5.216% per year.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The principal portion of the capital lease obligation amounts above, which totaled $2.3 million at December 28, 2014, are classified as debt in our consolidated
financial statements.  
 
 
 (4) 
 We lease certain retail store and supply chain center locations, supply chain vehicles, various equipment and our World Resource Center, which is our corporate
headquarters, under leases with expiration dates through 2024.    Liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $2.9 million are
excluded from the above table, as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of payment. For additional information on unrecognized tax benefits see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in this
Form 10-K.    Off-balance sheet arrangements    We are party to letters of credit and, to a lesser extent, financial guarantees with off-balance sheet risk. Our exposure to credit loss for letters of credit and financial guarantees is represented by
the contractual amounts of these instruments. Total conditional commitments under letters of credit as of December 28, 2014 were approximately $44.1 million and relate to our insurance programs and supply chain center leases. The Company has
guaranteed lease payments related to certain franchisees’ lease arrangements. The maximum amount of potential future payments under these guarantees is $2.2 million as of December 28, 2014. We believe that none of these arrangements has or
is likely to have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.    SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE
PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995    This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes various forward-looking statements about the
Company within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Act”) that are based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ
materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. The following cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the provisions of the Act and with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the “safe
harbor” provisions of the Act. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“intend,” “may,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “will,” “potential,” “outlook” and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements address various matters including information concerning future results of operations and business strategy, and statements about our ability to complete our “Pizza Theater” store redesign, the
expected demand for future pizza delivery, our expectation that we will meet the terms of our agreement with our third-party supplier of pizza cheese, our belief that alternative third-party suppliers are available for our key ingredients in the
event we are required to replace any of our supply partners, our intention to continue to enhance and grow online ordering, digital marketing and technological capabilities, our expectation that there will be no material capital expenditures for
environmental control facilities, our plans to expand international operations in many of the markets where we currently operate and in selected new markets, our expectation that the contribution rate for advertising fees payable to DNAF will remain
in place for the foreseeable future, our expectation that we will not make previously scheduled amortization payments as permitted under our debt agreements and our expectation that we will use our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, restricted
cash amounts pledged as collateral for letters of credit, ongoing cash flows from operations and available borrowings under the Variable Funding Notes to, among other things, fund working capital requirements, invest in our core business, pay
dividends and repurchase our common stock. Forward-looking statements relating to our anticipated profitability, the growth of our international business, ability to service our indebtedness, our operating performance, trends in our business and
other descriptions of future events reflect management’s expectations based upon currently available information and data. While we believe these expectations and projections are based on reasonable assumptions, such forward-looking statements
are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including the risk factors listed under Item 1A. Risk Factors, as well as other cautionary language in this Form 10-K.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward looking statements as a result of various
factors, including but not limited to, the following:      
 
 
 • 
   
   our substantial increased indebtedness as a result of the 2012 Recapitalization and our ability to incur additional indebtedness or refinance that
indebtedness in the future;      
 
 
 • 
   
   our future financial performance;      
 
 
 • 
   
   the success of our marketing initiatives;      
 
 
 • 
   
   our future cash needs;      
 
 
 • 
   
   our ability to maintain good relationships with our franchisees;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   our ability to successfully implement cost-saving strategies;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   increases in our operating costs, including cheese, fuel and other commodity costs and the minimum wage;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   our ability to compete domestically and internationally in our intensely competitive industry;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   additional risk precipitated by international operations;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   our ability to retain or replace our executive officers and other key members of management and our ability to adequately staff our stores and supply
chain centers with qualified personnel;      
 
 
 • 
   
   our ability to pay principal and interest on our substantial debt;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   our ability to find and/or retain suitable real estate for our stores and supply chain centers;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   adverse legislation, regulation or publicity;      
 
 
 • 
   
   adverse legal judgments or settlements;      
 
 
 • 
   
   food-borne illness or contamination of products;      
 
 
 • 
   
   data breaches or other cyber risks;      
 
 
 • 
   
   the effect of war, terrorism or catastrophic events;      

 
 
 • 
   
   our ability to pay dividends;      
 
 
 • 
   
   changes in consumer taste, demographic trends and traffic patterns; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
   adequacy of insurance coverage.    All forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. We will not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K might not occur.
   Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Except as required under federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we do not have any intention to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. As a result of these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by, or on behalf of,
us. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
   Market risk    We do
not engage in speculative transactions nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In connection with the 2012 Recapitalization, we issued fixed rate notes and, at December 28, 2014, we are only exposed to interest rate
risk on borrowings under our Variable Funding Notes. As of December 28, 2014, we had no outstanding borrowings under our Variable Funding Notes. Our fixed rate debt exposes the Company to changes in market interest rates reflected in the fair
value of the debt and to the risk that the Company may need to refinance maturing debt with new debt at a higher rate.    We are exposed to
market risks from changes in commodity prices. During the normal course of business, we purchase cheese and certain other food products that are affected by changes in commodity prices and, as a result, we are subject to volatility in our food
costs. We may periodically enter into financial instruments to manage this risk. We do not engage in speculative transactions nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In instances when we use fixed pricing agreements with
our suppliers, these agreements cover our physical commodity needs, are not net-settled and are accounted for as normal purchases.    From time
to time we have entered into interest rate swaps, collars or similar instruments with the objective of managing volatility relating to our borrowing costs. We had no outstanding derivative instruments as of December 28, 2014 or
December 29, 2013.    Foreign currency exchange rate risk    We have exposure to various foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for revenues generated by our operations outside the United States, which can adversely impact our net income and cash flows.
Approximately 7.7% of our total revenues in 2014, 7.4% of our total revenues in 2013 and 7.1% of our total revenues in 2012 were derived from our international franchise segment, a majority of which were denominated in foreign currencies. We also
operate dough manufacturing and distribution facilities in Canada, which generate revenues denominated in Canadian dollars. We do not enter into financial instruments to manage this foreign currency exchange risk. A hypothetical 10% adverse change
in the foreign currency rates for our international markets would have resulted in a negative impact on royalty revenues of approximately $14.7 million in 2014.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    To the Stockholders and Board of Directors    of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.:  
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 28,
2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) present fairly, in all material
respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 28, 2014, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is
responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9(A). Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedules, and on the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial
statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinions.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
     
 


 
 


 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 
 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 
 February 24, 2015 
 
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CURRENT ASSETS: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 30,855 
    
   
 $ 
 14,383 
    
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 120,954 
    
   
   
 125,453 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, net of reserves of $3,361 in 2014 and $5,107 in 2013 
    
   
 118,395 
    
   
   
 105,779 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 37,944 
    
   
   
 30,321 
    
 
   Notes receivable, net of reserves of $534 in 2014 and $357 in 2013 
    
   
 1,996 
    
   
   
 1,823 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 30,573 
    
   
   
 18,376 
    
 
   Advertising fund assets, restricted 
    
   
 72,055 
    
   
   
 44,695 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 9,857 
    
   
   
 10,710 
    
 
   Asset held-for-sale 
    
   
 5,732 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 428,361 
    
   
   
 351,540 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Land and buildings 
    
   
 25,859 
    
   
   
 23,423 
    
 
   Leasehold and other improvements 
    
   
 99,804 
    
   
   
 90,508 
    
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 178,378 
    
   
   
 174,667 
    
 
   Construction in progress 
    
   
 6,179 
    
   
   
 8,900 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 310,220 
    
   
   
 297,498 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (196,174 
 )  
   
   
 (199,914 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 114,046 
    
   
   
 97,584 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   OTHER ASSETS: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments in marketable securities, restricted 
    
   
 4,586 
    
   
   
 3,269 
    
 
   Notes receivable, less current portion, net of reserves of $397 in 2014 and $393 in 2013 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 894 
    
 
   Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization of $17,041 in 2014 and $11,295 in 2013 
    
   
 22,947 
    
   
   
 28,693 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 16,297 
    
   
   
 16,598 
    
 
   Capitalized software, net of accumulated amortization of $54,552 in 2014 and $50,267 in 2013 
    
   
 20,562 
    
   
   
 14,464 
    
 
   Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $776 in 2014 and $4,737 in 2013 
    
   
 10,006 
    
   
   
 9,046 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 2,475 
    
   
   
 3,167 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
   
 76,873 
    
   
   
 76,131 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 619,280 
    
   
 $ 
 525,255 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    (Continued)    (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   


 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CURRENT LIABILITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 565 
    
   
 $ 
 24,144 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 86,552 
    
   
   
 83,408 
    
 
   Accrued compensation 
    
   
 23,618 
    
   
   
 23,653 
    
 
   Accrued interest 
    
   
 14,008 
    
   
   
 14,375 
    
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
   
 14,465 
    
   
   
 13,297 
    
 
   Dividends payable 
    
   
 14,351 
    
   
   
 11,849 
    
 
   Legal reserves 
    
   
 4,277 
    
   
   
 4,959 
    
 
   Advertising fund liabilities 
    
   
 72,055 
    
   
   
 44,695 
    
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 35,717 
    
   
   
 34,231 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 265,608 
    
   
   
 254,611 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt, less current portion 
    
   
 1,523,546 
    
   
   
 1,512,299 
    
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
   
 26,951 
    
   
   
 25,528 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 5,588 
    
   
   
 7,827 
    
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 17,052 
    
   
   
 15,192 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term liabilities 
    
   
 1,573,137 
    
   
   
 1,560,846 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 1,838,745 
    
   
   
 1,815,457 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 170,000,000 shares authorized; 55,553,149 in 2014 and 55,768,672 in 2013 issued and
outstanding 
    
   
 556 
    
   
   
 558 
    
 
   Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 29,561 
    
   
   
 669 
    
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (1,246,921 
 )  
   
   
 (1,289,445 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (2,661 
 )  
   
   
 (1,984 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (1,219,465 
 )  
   
   
 (1,290,202 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 $ 
 619,280 
    
   
 $ 
 525,255 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   
   
 December 30, 2012 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   REVENUES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 348,497 
    
   
 $ 
 337,414 
    
   
 $ 
 323,652 
    
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 230,192 
    
   
   
 212,369 
    
   
   
 195,000 
    
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,262,523 
    
   
   
 1,118,873 
    
   
   
 1,039,830 
    
 
   International franchise 
    
   
 152,621 
    
   
   
 133,567 
    
   
   
 119,957 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 1,993,833 
    
   
   
 1,802,223 
    
   
   
 1,678,439 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   COST OF SALES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 267,385 
    
   
   
 256,596 
    
   
   
 247,391 
    
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,131,682 
    
   
   
 996,653 
    
   
   
 929,710 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total cost of sales 
    
   
 1,399,067 
    
   
   
 1,253,249 
    
   
   
 1,177,101 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   OPERATING MARGIN 
    
   
 594,766 
    
   
   
 548,974 
    
   
   
 501,338 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE 
    
   
 249,405 
    
   
   
 235,163 
    
   
   
 219,007 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
    
   
 345,361 
    
   
   
 313,811 
    
   
   
 282,331 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   INTEREST INCOME 
    
   
 143 
    
   
   
 160 
    
   
   
 304 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   INTEREST EXPENSE 
    
   
 (86,881 
 )  
   
   
 (88,872 
 )  
   
   
 (101,448 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 258,623 
    
   
   
 225,099 
    
   
   
 181,187 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 96,036 
    
   
   
 82,114 
    
   
   
 68,795 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET INCOME 
    
 $ 
 162,587 
    
   
 $ 
 142,985 
    
   
 $ 
 112,392 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   EARNINGS PER SHARE: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Common Stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 2.96 
    
   
 $ 
 2.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.99 
    
 
   Common Stock – diluted 
    
 $ 
 2.86 
    
   
 $ 
 2.48 
    
   
 $ 
 1.91 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER SHARE 
    
 $ 
 1.00 
    
   
 $ 
 0.80 
    
   
 $ 
 3.00 
    
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   
   
 December 30, 2012 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   NET INCOME 
    
 $ 
 162,587 
    
   
 $ 
 142,985 
    
   
 $ 
 112,392 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), BEFORE TAX: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 (1,468 
 )  
   
   
 432 
    
   
   
 (825 
 )  
 
   Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 776 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (1,468 
 )  
   
   
 432 
    
   
   
 (49 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   TAX ATTRIBUTES OF ITEMS IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 791 
    
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 359 
    
 
   Reclassification adjustment for losses included in net income 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (295 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 791 
    
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 64 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX 
    
   
 (677 
 )  
   
   
 402 
    
   
   
 15 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
 $ 
 161,910 
    
   
 $ 
 143,387 
    
   
 $ 
 112,407 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT   
  (In thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Loss 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Additional 
   
   
   
   
   
 Currency 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Paid-in 
   
   
 Retained 
   
   
 Translation 
   
   
 of Derivative 
   
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Capital 
   
   
 Deficit 
   
   
 Adjustment 
   
   
 Instruments 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 2012 
    
   
 57,741,208 
    
   
 $ 
 577 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (1,207,915 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,920 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (481 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 112,392 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (10,166 
 )  
   
   
 (176,820 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 271,348 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (165,113 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (5,844 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of common stock 
    
   
 (2,472,863 
 )  
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 (25,192 
 )  
   
   
 (63,021 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Exercise of stock options 
    
   
 938,669 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 8,936 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Tax impact from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 16,220 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Non-cash compensation expense 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 17,621 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 89 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (466 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Reclassification adjustment for losses on derivative instruments included in net income, net of tax 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 481 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 30, 2012 
    
   
 56,313,249 
    
   
   
 563 
    
   
   
 1,664 
    
   
   
 (1,335,364 
 )  
   
   
 (2,386 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 142,985 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (44,190 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 330,656 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (137,262 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (8,030 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of common stock 
    
   
 (1,666,435 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (44,240 
 )  
   
   
 (52,876 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Exercise of stock options 
    
   
 928,464 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 9,442 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Tax impact from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,498 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Non-cash compensation expense 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 21,987 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 348 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 402 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 29, 2013 
    
   
 55,768,672 
    
   
   
 558 
    
   
   
 669 
    
   
   
 (1,289,445 
 )  
   
   
 (1,984 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 162,587 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (55,300 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 102,169 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (105,101 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (7,926 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of common stock 
    
   
 (1,151,931 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (17,632 
 )  
   
   
 (64,763 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Exercise of stock options 
    
   
 939,340 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 9,018 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Tax impact from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 27,583 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Non-cash compensation expense 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 17,587 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 262 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (677 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 28, 2014 
    
   
 55,553,149 
    
   
 $ 
 556 
    
   
 $ 
 29,561 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,246,921 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,661 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   
   
 December 30, 2012 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 162,587 
    
   
 $ 
 142,985 
    
   
 $ 
 112,392 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities- 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 35,788 
    
   
   
 25,783 
    
   
   
 23,171 
    
 
   (Gains) losses on sale/disposal of assets 
    
   
 (1,107 
 )  
   
   
 367 
    
   
   
 540 
    
 
   Provision (benefit) for losses on accounts and notes receivable 
    
   
 (570 
 )  
   
   
 (1,257 
 )  
   
   
 462 
    
 
   Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (132 
 )  
   
   
 6,055 
    
   
   
 4,193 
    
 
   Amortization of deferred financing costs, debt discount and other 
    
   
 5,746 
    
   
   
 6,094 
    
   
   
 14,596 
    
 
   Non-cash compensation expense 
    
   
 17,587 
    
   
   
 21,987 
    
   
   
 17,621 
    
 
   Tax impact from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 (27,583 
 )  
   
   
 (19,498 
 )  
   
   
 (16,220 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (531 
 )  
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities- 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase in accounts receivable 
    
   
 (12,710 
 )  
   
   
 (11,001 
 )  
   
   
 (6,917 
 )  
 
   Increase in inventories, prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 (11,827 
 )  
   
   
 (242 
 )  
   
   
 (703 
 )  
 
   Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 22,776 
    
   
   
 21,867 
    
   
   
 24,914 
    
 
   Increase in insurance reserves 
    
   
 1,784 
    
   
   
 849 
    
   
   
 2,802 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 192,339 
    
   
   
 193,989 
    
   
   
 176,320 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 (70,093 
 )  
   
   
 (40,387 
 )  
   
   
 (29,267 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of assets 
    
   
 9,160 
    
   
   
 4,518 
    
   
   
 2,988 
    
 
   Change in restricted cash 
    
   
 4,499 
    
   
   
 (65,438 
 )  
   
   
 32,597 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (1,009 
 )  
   
   
 1,574 
    
   
   
 1,030 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
    
   
 (57,443 
 )  
   
   
 (99,733 
 )  
   
   
 7,348 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,575,000 
    
 
   Repayments of long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
    
   
 (12,332 
 )  
   
   
 (24,349 
 )  
   
   
 (1,465,509 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
    
   
 9,028 
    
   
   
 9,451 
    
   
   
 8,945 
    
 
   Tax impact from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 27,583 
    
   
   
 19,498 
    
   
   
 16,220 
    
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (82,407 
 )  
   
   
 (97,132 
 )  
   
   
 (88,238 
 )  
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (7,927 
 )  
   
   
 (8,031 
 )  
   
   
 (5,845 
 )  
 
   Payments of common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 (52,843 
 )  
   
   
 (34,241 
 )  
   
   
 (185,484 
 )  
 
   Cash paid for financing costs 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (32,538 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (118,898 
 )  
   
   
 (134,804 
 )  
   
   
 (177,449 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 474 
    
   
   
 118 
    
   
   
 (1,698 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 16,472 
    
   
   
 (40,430 
 )  
   
   
 4,521 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
    
   
 14,383 
    
   
   
 54,813 
    
   
   
 50,292 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
    
 $ 
 30,855 
    
   
 $ 
 14,383 
    
   
 $ 
 54,813 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   

 
 
 (1) 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
  Description of Business  
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (“DPI”), a Delaware corporation, conducts its operations and derives substantially
all of its operating income and cash flows through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Domino’s, Inc. (Domino’s) and Domino’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Domino’s Pizza LLC (“DPLLC”). DPI and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
(collectively, “the Company”) are primarily engaged in the following business activities: (i) retail sales of food through Company-owned Domino’s Pizza stores; (ii) sales of food, equipment and supplies to Company-owned and
franchised Domino’s Pizza stores through Company-owned supply chain centers; and (iii) receipt of royalties and fees from domestic and international Domino’s Pizza franchisees.  
 Principles of Consolidation    The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DPI and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  
 Fiscal Year    The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. The 2014 fiscal year ended on December 28, 2014, the 2013 fiscal year ended on December 29, 2013 and the 2012
fiscal year ended on December 30, 2012. The 2014, 2013 and 2012 fiscal years each consisted of fifty-two weeks.    Cash
and Cash Equivalents    Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of
three months or less at the date of purchase. These investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.  
 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents    Restricted cash at December 28, 2014 includes $56.2 million of cash held for future principal and interest payments, $20.8 million of cash held in a three month interest reserve, $43.9 million of
cash held as collateral for outstanding letters of credit and $0.1 million of other restricted cash.  
 Restricted cash at December 29, 2013 included $51.3 million of cash held for future principal and interest
payments, $21.0 million of cash held in a three month interest reserve, $42.0 million of cash held as collateral for outstanding letters of credit, $11.1 million of cash related to the Company’s third quarter 2013 dividend payment to
shareholders and $0.1 million of other restricted cash.    Inventories  
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or market. Inventories at December 28,
2014 and December 29, 2013 are comprised of the following (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Food 
    
 $ 
 31,627 
    
    
 $ 
 25,673 
    
 
   Equipment and supplies 
    
   
 6,317 
    
    
   
 4,648 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Inventories 
    
 $ 
 37,944 
    
    
 $ 
 30,321 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  Notes Receivable  
 During the normal course of business, the Company may provide financing to franchisees in the form of notes. Notes
receivable generally require monthly payments of principal and interest, or monthly payments of interest only, generally ranging from 8% to 10%, with balloon payments of the remaining principal due two to seven years from the original issuance date.
Such notes are generally secured by the related assets or business. The carrying amounts of these notes approximate fair value.  
 Other Assets    Current and long-term other assets primarily include prepaid expenses such as insurance, rent and taxes, deposits, as well as covenants not-to-compete and other intangible assets primarily arising from
franchise acquisitions. Amortization expense related to intangible assets is provided using the straight-line method over the useful lives for covenants not-to-compete and other intangible assets and was approximately $0.1 million in 2014 and
approximately $0.3 million in 2013 and 2012. As of December 28, 2014, these intangible assets were fully amortized. As of December 29, 2013, the carrying value of these intangible assets was approximately $0.1 million.  
 Asset Held-for-Sale    During the third quarter of 2014, the Board of Directors approved the sale of the existing corporate airplane, which the Company began actively marketing in the fourth quarter of 2014. As a result of
these actions, the Company met held-for-sale criteria and classified the asset as held for sale. Subsequent to year end, the Company sold the asset for approximately $5.7 million.  
 Property, Plant and Equipment    Additions to property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation and amortization expense is provided using the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Estimated useful lives, other than the estimated useful life of the capital lease assets as described below, are generally as follows (in years):  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Buildings 
    
 20 
 
 Leasehold and other improvements 
    
 7 – 15 
 
 Equipment 
    
 3 – 15 
   Included in land and buildings as of December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013
are capital lease assets of approximately $1.5 million and $1.9 million, which are net of $5.9 million and $5.5 million of accumulated amortization, respectively, primarily related to the lease of a supply chain center building, and to a lesser
extent, leases of computer equipment. The capital lease assets are being amortized using the straight-line method over the lease terms.    Depreciation and amortization expense on property, plant and equipment was approximately $28.4 million, $20.5 million and $19.5 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
 Impairments of Long-Lived Assets    The Company evaluates the potential impairment of long-lived assets at least annually based on various analyses including the projection of undiscounted cash flows and whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. For Company-owned stores, the Company performs this evaluation on an operating market basis, which the Company has determined to be the lowest level for which
identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other cash flows. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the amount of the expected future undiscounted cash flows of that asset, the Company estimates the fair value of the assets. If
the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized and the asset is written down to its estimated fair value.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  During the fourth quarter of 2014, in connection with meeting
held-for-sale criteria for its corporate airplane, the Company recorded $5.8 million of pre-tax expense to reduce the asset to its fair value less cost to sell. This impairment loss was recorded in general and administrative expenses on the
consolidated statements of income. Aside from the impairment loss on the corporate airplane in 2014, the Company did not record an impairment loss on long-lived assets in 2014, 2013 or 2012.  
 Investments in Marketable Securities    Investments in marketable securities consist of investments in various mutual funds made by eligible individuals as part of the Company’s deferred compensation plan (Note 7). These investments are
stated at aggregate fair value, are restricted and have been placed in a rabbi trust whereby the amounts are irrevocably set aside to fund the Company’s obligations under the deferred compensation plan. The Company classifies and accounts for
these investments in marketable securities as trading securities.    Deferred Financing Costs  
 Deferred financing costs primarily include debt issuance costs incurred by the Company as part of the 2012
Recapitalization (Note 4). Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the respective debt instrument to which the costs relate and is included in interest expense.  
 In connection with the 2012 Recapitalization, the Company recorded an additional $32.5 million of deferred financing
costs as an asset during fiscal 2012. This amount, in addition to the $7.4 million recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at January 1, 2012, is being amortized into interest expense over the seven-year expected term of the debt.
Additionally, in connection with the 2012 Recapitalization, the Company had write-offs of financing costs totaling approximately $8.0 million related to the extinguishment of the previous debt facility.  
 In connection with scheduled principal payments of its Fixed Rate Notes (Note 4), the Company expensed financing costs
of approximately $0.2 million in 2014, $0.5 million in 2013 and $0.4 million in 2012. Deferred financing cost expense, including the aforementioned amounts, was approximately $5.7 million, $6.1 million and $13.8 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.    Goodwill    The Company’s goodwill amounts primarily relate to franchise store acquisitions and are not amortized. The Company performs its required impairment tests in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and
did not recognize any goodwill impairment charges in 2014, 2013 or 2012.    Capitalized Software  
 Capitalized software is recorded at cost and includes purchased, internally-developed and externally-developed software
used in the Company’s operations. Amortization expense is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software, which range from one to three years. Capitalized software amortization expense was approximately
$7.3 million, $5.0 million and $3.3 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company received $3.4 million, $3.0 million and $2.7 million from franchisees from sales and enhancements of internally developed point-of-sale software during
2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  Insurance Reserves  
 The Company has retention programs for workers’ compensation, general liability and owned and non-owned automobile
liabilities for certain periods prior to December 1998 and for periods after December 2001. The Company is generally responsible for up to $1.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for workers’ compensation and general
liability exposures. The Company is also generally responsible for between $500,000 and $3.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for owned and non-owned automobile liabilities depending on the year. Total insurance limits under
these retention programs vary depending on the year covered and range up to $110.0 million per occurrence for general liability and owned and non-owned automobile liabilities and up to the applicable statutory limits for workers’ compensation.
   Insurance reserves relating to our retention programs are based on undiscounted actuarial estimates. These
estimates are based on historical information and on certain assumptions about future events. Changes in assumptions for such factors as medical costs and legal actions, as well as changes in actual experience, could cause these estimates to change
in the near term. The Company receives estimates of outstanding insurance exposures from its independent actuary and differences between these estimated actuarial exposures and the Company’s recorded amounts are adjusted as appropriate.
   Other Accrued Liabilities    Current and long-term other accrued liabilities primarily include accruals for sales, property and other taxes, store operating expenses, deferred rent expense and deferred compensation liabilities.
   Foreign Currency Translation  
 The Company’s foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. Where the functional currency
is the local currency, the Company translates net assets into U.S. dollars at year end exchange rates, while income and expense accounts are translated at average annual exchange rates. Currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) and foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in determining net income.  
 Revenue Recognition    Domestic Company-owned stores revenues are comprised of retail sales of food through Company-owned Domino’s Pizza stores located in the contiguous United States and are recognized when the items are
delivered to or carried out by customers.    Domestic franchise revenues are primarily comprised of royalties
and fees from Domino’s Pizza franchisees with operations in the contiguous United States. Royalty revenues are recognized when the items are delivered to or carried out by franchise customers.  
 Supply chain revenues are primarily comprised of sales of food, equipment and supplies to franchised Domino’s Pizza
stores located in the United States and Canada. Revenues from the sales of food are recognized upon delivery of the food to franchisees, while revenues from the sales of equipment and supplies are generally recognized upon shipment of the related
products to franchisees.    International franchise revenues are primarily comprised of royalties and fees from
Domino’s Pizza franchisees outside the contiguous United States. These revenues are recognized consistently with the policies applied for franchise revenues generated in the contiguous United States.  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  Supply Chain Profit-Sharing Arrangements  
 The Company enters into profit-sharing arrangements with domestic and Canadian stores that purchase all of their food
from Supply Chain (Note 11). These profit-sharing arrangements generally offer Company-owned stores and participating franchisees with 50% (or a higher percentage in the case of Company-owned stores and certain franchisees who operate a larger
number of stores) of their regional supply chain center’s pre-tax profits based upon each store’s purchases from the supply chain center. Profit-sharing obligations are recorded as a revenue reduction in Supply Chain in the same period as
the related revenues and costs are recorded, and were $75.7 million, $73.9 million and $69.4 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    Advertising    Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
Advertising expense, which relates primarily to Company-owned stores, was approximately $29.0 million, $29.6 million and $27.6 million during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
 Domestic Stores (Note 11) are required to contribute a certain percentage of sales to the Domino’s National
Advertising Fund Inc. (DNAF), a not-for-profit subsidiary that administers the Domino’s Pizza system’s national and market level advertising activities. Included in advertising expense were national advertising contributions from
Company-owned stores to DNAF of approximately $20.9 million, $20.1 million and $17.8 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. DNAF also received national advertising contributions from franchisees of approximately $217.7 million, $199.4 million
and $173.6 million during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Franchisee contributions to DNAF and offsetting disbursements are presented net in the accompanying statements of income.  
 DNAF assets, consisting primarily of cash received from franchisees and accounts receivable from
franchisees, can only be used for activities that promote the Domino’s Pizza ®  brand. Accordingly, all
assets held by the DNAF are considered restricted.    Rent  
 The Company leases certain equipment, vehicles, retail store and supply chain center locations and its corporate
headquarters under operating leases with expiration dates through 2024. Rent expenses totaled approximately $43.0 million, $40.2 million and $39.7 million during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
 Common Stock Dividends    During 2014, the Company declared dividends of approximately $55.3 million, or $1.00 per share, of which approximately $41.7 million were paid in 2014. The third quarter 2014 dividend of approximately
$13.8 million was paid to shareholders on December 30, 2014, which will be included in fiscal 2015.  
 During 2013, the Company declared dividends of approximately $44.2 million, or $0.80 per share, of which approximately
$34.2 million were paid in 2013. The third quarter 2013 dividend of approximately $11.1 million was paid to shareholders on December 30, 2013, which was included in fiscal 2014.  
 During 2012, the Company declared dividends and dividend equivalents totaling approximately $187.0 million, or $3.00 per
share, of which approximately $185.5 million were paid in 2012. 
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  Derivative Instruments  
 The Company recognizes all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and measures those
instruments at fair value. The Company had no outstanding derivative instruments as of December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013.    In connection with its recapitalization in 2007 (the “2007 Recapitalization”), the Company entered into a five-year forward-starting interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of
$1.25 billion. This interest rate swap was entered into to hedge the variability of future interest rates in contemplation of the recapitalization-related debt issuances. The Company subsequently settled the swap agreement with a cash payment
of $11.5 million, in accordance with its terms, concurrent with the issuance of debt as part of the 2007 Recapitalization. In connection with this settlement, the accumulated other comprehensive loss amount was adjusted for the after-tax net
settlement amount of $7.1 million which was being amortized into interest expense over the term of the hedged item. As part of the 2012 Recapitalization, the remaining amount of this swap settlement that was included in accumulated other
comprehensive loss was recorded into interest expense.    Stock Options and Other Equity-Based Compensation Arrangements
   The cost of all of the Company’s stock options, as well as other equity-based compensation
arrangements, is reflected in the financial statements based on the estimated fair value of the awards.    Earnings Per Share
   The Company discloses two calculations of earnings per share (EPS): basic EPS and diluted EPS. The
numerator in calculating common stock basic and diluted EPS is consolidated net income. The denominator in calculating common stock basic EPS is the weighted average shares outstanding. The denominator in calculating common stock diluted EPS
includes the additional dilutive effect of outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock and unvested performance-based restricted stock grants.    Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information    The
Company paid interest of approximately $81.1 million, $82.9 million and $87.3 million during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Cash paid for income taxes was approximately $76.5 million, $62.8 million and $46.1 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. In 2014, the Company had $1.7 million of non-cash investing activities related to accruals for capital expenditures.    New Accounting Pronouncements    In May 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This guidance outlines a single, comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from
contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance issued by the FASB, including industry specific guidance. The guidance is effective for the Company for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on
January 1, 2017, and permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. Early adoption is prohibited. The Company is evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures.    The accounting standards that have been issued by the FASB or other
standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.      

 
 
 (2) 
 EARNINGS PER SHARE  
  The computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share is as follows (in thousands, except
share and per share amounts):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Net income available to common stockholders – basic and diluted 
    
 $ 
 162,587 
    
    
 $ 
 142,985 
    
    
 $ 
 112,392 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average number of common shares 
    
   
 54,918,471 
    
    
   
 55,345,554 
    
    
   
 56,419,645 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per common share – basic 
    
 $ 
 2.96 
    
    
 $ 
 2.58 
    
    
 $ 
 1.99 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Diluted weighted average number of common shares 
    
   
 56,931,226 
    
    
   
 57,720,998 
    
    
   
 58,997,476 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted 
    
 $ 
 2.86 
    
    
 $ 
 2.48 
    
    
 $ 
 1.91 
    
   The denominator in calculating the common stock diluted EPS does not include 222,060
stock options in 2014, 152,340 stock options in 2013 and 210,820 stock options in 2012, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.      

 
 
 (3) 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  
  Fair value measurements enable the reader of the financial statements to assess the inputs used to
develop those measurements by establishing a hierarchy for ranking the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. The Company classifies and discloses assets and liabilities carried at fair value in one of the
following three categories:      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Level 1: 
    
 Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 2: 
    
 Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 
 
 Level 3: 
    
 Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. 
   The fair values of the Company’s cash equivalents and investments in
marketable securities are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of certain assets at December 28, 2014:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 28, 2014 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Estimated Using 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Level 1 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 2 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 3 Inputs 
   


 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 16,290 
    
    
 $ 
 16,290 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Restricted cash equivalents 
    
   
 93,121 
    
    
   
 93,121 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Investments in marketable securities 
    
   
 4,586 
    
    
   
 4,586 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of
certain assets at December 29, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 29, 2013 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Estimated Using 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Level 1 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 2 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 3 Inputs 
   


 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 5,303 
    
    
 $ 
 5,303 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Restricted cash equivalents 
    
   
 93,608 
    
    
   
 93,608 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Investments in marketable securities 
    
   
 3,269 
    
    
   
 3,269 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
     

 
 
 (4) 
 RECAPITALIZATIONS AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS  
  2012 Recapitalization    On March 16, 2012, the Company completed a recapitalization transaction (the 2012 Recapitalization). As part of the 2012 Recapitalization, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DPLLC and three of its
wholly-owned subsidiaries completed an asset-backed securitization (ABS) by co-issuing a $1.675 billion facility in a private transaction consisting of $1.575 billion of Series 2012-1 5.216% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2 (the Fixed
Rate Notes) and $100.0 million of Series 2012-1 Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes, Class A-1 (the Variable Funding Notes). Gross proceeds from the issuance of the Fixed Rate Notes were $1.575 billion. The Variable Funding Notes were undrawn
upon at issuance.    The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the 2012 Recapitalization to repay
approximately $1.447 billion in outstanding fixed rate notes under the 2007 Recapitalization. The proceeds were also used to pay accrued interest on fixed rate notes under the 2007 Recapitalization and transaction-related fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the 2012 Recapitalization and to fund reserve accounts for the payments related to the Fixed Rate Notes.    Also on March 16, 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a $3.00 per share special cash dividend on its outstanding common stock totaling $171.1 million, which was paid on April 2,
2012 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 26, 2012. Additionally, pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions in the Company’s underlying stock option plans, on April 2, 2012, the Company made a corresponding cash
payment of approximately $13.5 million on certain stock options, reduced the exercise price on certain other stock options by an equivalent per share amount and, in certain circumstances, both reduced the stock option exercise price and made a cash
payment for amounts totaling $3.00 per share. On April 2, 2012, the Company also accrued an estimated $2.4 million for payments to be made as certain performance-based restricted stock grants vest. The dividend and related dividend equivalent
payments were funded with the remaining proceeds from the 2012 Recapitalization and cash on hand. These anti-dilution payments were accounted for as modifications/settlements and were recorded as increases in total stockholders’ deficit. As of
December 30, 2012, total cash paid for common stock dividends and related anti-dilution equivalent payments was approximately $185.5 million and the total estimated liability recorded for future cash dividend payments on certain
performance-based restricted stock was approximately $1.5 million. As of December 28, 2014, the total estimated liability recorded for future cash dividend payments on certain performance-based restricted stock was approximately $0.6 million.
Of the total amount of $187.0 million recorded for common stock dividends and related anti-dilution payments in 2012, $10.2 million was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital and $176.8 million was recorded as an increase in retained
deficit.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  During fiscal 2012 and in connection with the 2012 Recapitalization,
the Company incurred approximately $10.5 million of net expenses. This consisted primarily of $8.1 million of net write-offs of deferred financing fees and the interest rate swap related to the extinguished debt. The Company also incurred $2.1
million of interest expense on the 2007 Recapitalization borrowings subsequent to the closing of the 2012 Recapitalization but prior to the repayment of the 2007 Recapitalization borrowings, resulting in the payment of interest on both the 2007 and
2012 facilities for a short period of time. Further, the Company incurred $0.3 million of other net 2012 Recapitalization-related general and administrative expenses, including stock compensation expenses, payroll taxes related to the payments made
to certain stock option holders and legal and professional fees incurred in connection with the 2012 Recapitalization.    In connection with the 2012 Recapitalization, the Company recorded an additional $32.5 million of deferred financing costs as an asset in the consolidated balance sheet during fiscal 2012. This amount, in
addition to the $7.4 million recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at January 1, 2012, is being amortized into interest expense over the seven-year expected term of the debt.  
 The Fixed Rate Notes and the Variable Funding Notes  
 The Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at 5.216% payable quarterly. The Fixed Rate Notes have scheduled principal
amortization payments while the Variable Funding Notes require no scheduled principal amortization payments. The Fixed Rate Notes original scheduled principal amortization payments are $29.5 million in 2015, $37.4 million in 2016, $39.4 million in
each of 2017 and 2018, and $9.8 million in 2019. During fiscal 2014, the Company made principal payments of approximately $11.8 million. If the Company meets certain conditions, including maximum leverage ratios of less than or equal to 4.5x total
debt to EBITDA, as defined in the related agreements, it ceases the scheduled principal amortization payments on the Fixed Rate Notes. If one of the defined leverage ratios subsequently exceeds 4.5x, it must make up the payments it had previously
not made. During the second quarter of 2014, the Company met the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x, and, in accordance with the debt agreements, ceased debt amortization payments in the third quarter of 2014. The Company continued to meet
the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x in the third and fourth quarters of 2014 and currently does not plan to make previously scheduled debt amortization payments as permitted in the debt agreements. The expected repayment date for the Fixed
Rate Notes is January 2019, with legal final maturity in January 2042.    The Fixed Rate Notes and the Variable
Funding Notes are guaranteed by four subsidiaries of DPLLC and secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company, including royalty income from all domestic stores, domestic supply chain income, international income
and intellectual property. The restrictions placed on the Company’s subsidiaries require that the Company’s interest obligations have first priority and amounts are segregated weekly to ensure appropriate funds are reserved to pay the
quarterly interest amounts due. The amount of weekly cash flow that exceeds the required weekly interest reserve is generally remitted to the Company in the form of a dividend. However, once the interest obligations are satisfied, there are no
further restrictions, including payment of dividends, on the cash flows of the subsidiaries.    The Fixed Rate
Notes are subject to certain financial and non-financial covenants, including a debt service coverage ratio calculation, as defined in the related agreements. The covenants, among other things, limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to
declare dividends, make loans or advances or enter into transactions with affiliates. In the event that certain covenants are not met, the Fixed Rate Notes may become partially or fully due and payable on an accelerated schedule. In addition, the
Company may voluntarily prepay, in part or in full, the Fixed Rate Notes at any time, subject to certain make-whole interest obligations. All make-whole interest obligations cease after July 2017. Further, the Company may elect to prepay up to
$551.3 million of its Fixed Rate Notes at par and with no make-whole obligations on its quarterly payment date in October 2015 or on any quarterly payment date thereafter.  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  The Variable Funding Notes allowed for the issuance of up to $100.0
million of financing and certain other credit instruments, including letters of credit in support of various obligations of the Company. Interest on a portion of any outstanding Variable Funding Note borrowings is payable quarterly at a rate equal
to a commercial paper rate plus 350 basis points, with the remainder at LIBOR plus 350 basis points. The Variable Funding Notes have an expected maturity in January 2017, with an option for up to two one-year renewals (subject to certain conditions,
including a minimum debt service coverage ratio), and a legal final maturity in January 2042. At December 28, 2014, there were $44.1 million of outstanding letters of credit and $55.9 million of borrowing capacity available under the $100.0
million Variable Funding Notes.    At December 28, 2014, management estimates that the approximately
$1.522 billion in principal amount of outstanding Fixed Rate Notes had a fair value of approximately $1.597 billion, and at December 29, 2013 the approximately $1.534 billion in principal amount of Fixed Rate Notes had a fair value of
approximately $1.643 billion. The Fixed Rate Notes are classified as a Level 2 measurement (Note 3), as the Company estimated the fair value amount by using available market information. The Company obtained broker quotes from two separate brokerage
firms that are knowledgeable about the Company’s Fixed Rate Notes and, at times, trade these notes. Further, the Company performs its own internal analysis based on the information it gathers from public markets, including information on notes
that are similar to that of the Company. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the fair value estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amount
that the Company or the debtholders could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair values calculated above.  
 Consolidated Long-Term Debt    At December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, consolidated long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   5.216% Class A-2 Notes; expected repayment date January 2019; legal final maturity January 2042 
    
 $ 
 1,521,844 
    
    
 $ 
 1,533,656 
    
 
   Variable Funding Notes 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Capital lease obligations 
    
   
 2,267 
    
    
   
 2,787 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt 
    
   
 1,524,111 
    
    
   
 1,536,443 
    
 
   Less – current portion 
    
   
 565 
    
    
   
 24,144 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 1,523,546 
    
    
 $ 
 1,512,299 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   At December 28, 2014, maturities of long-term debt and capital lease obligations
are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
  565 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 615 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 670 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 417 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 1,521,844 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,524,111 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      


 
 
 (5) 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
  Lease Commitments    As of December 28, 2014, the future minimum rental commitments for all non-cancelable leases are as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Operating Leases 
   
    
 Capital Leases 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 38,621 
    
    
 $ 
 675 
    
    
 $ 
 39,296 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 36,294 
    
    
   
 736 
    
    
   
 37,030 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 32,365 
    
    
   
 736 
    
    
   
 33,101 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 28,721 
    
    
   
 491 
    
    
   
 29,212 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 22,289 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 22,289 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 45,706 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 45,706 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total future minimum rental commitments 
    
 $ 
 203,996 
    
    
   
 2,638 
    
    
 $ 
 206,634 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Less – amounts representing interest 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (371 
 )  
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total principal payable on capital leases 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,267 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   Legal Proceedings and Related Matters  
 The Company is a party to lawsuits, revenue agent reviews by taxing authorities and legal proceedings, of which the
majority involve workers’ compensation, employment practices liability, general liability and automobile and franchisee claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company records legal fees associated with loss contingencies when
they are probable and reasonably estimable.    Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of
individual litigated matters is not predictable with assurance. Included in the matters referenced above, the Company is party to three employment practice cases, six casualty cases and one patent case. We have established legal and insurance
accruals for losses relating to these cases which we believe are reasonable based upon our assessment of the current facts and circumstances. However, it is reasonably possible that our ultimate losses could exceed the amounts recorded by $4.0
million. The remaining cases referenced above could be decided unfavorably to us and could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts or a range of amounts that cannot be estimated with accuracy. In management’s
opinion, these matters, individually and in the aggregate, should not have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, and the established accruals adequately provide for the estimated resolution of such
claims.   Additionally, the Company was also named as a defendant in a lawsuit along with a large franchisee
and the franchisee’s delivery driver. During the third quarter of 2013, the jury delivered a $32.0 million judgment for the plaintiff where the Company was found to be 60% liable. The Company denies liability and filed an appeal of the verdict
on a variety of grounds. This case is covered under the Company’s casualty insurance program, subject to a $3.0 million deductible. The Company also has indemnity provisions in its franchise agreements.  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      


 
 
 (6) 
 INCOME TAXES  
  Income before provision for income taxes in 2014, 2013 and 2012 consists of the following (in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Domestic 
    
 $ 
 250,730 
    
    
 $ 
 217,468 
    
    
 $ 
 180,270 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 7,893 
    
    
   
 7,631 
    
    
   
 917 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 258,623 
    
    
 $ 
 225,099 
    
    
 $ 
 181,187 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The differences between the United States Federal statutory income tax provision (using
the statutory rate of 35%) and the Company’s consolidated provision for income taxes for 2014, 2013 and 2012 are summarized as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Federal income tax provision based on the statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 90,518 
    
    
 $ 
 78,785 
    
    
 $ 
 63,415 
    
 
   State and local income taxes, net of related Federal income taxes 
    
   
 7,320 
    
    
   
 5,880 
    
    
   
 5,179 
    
 
   Non-resident withholding and foreign income taxes 
    
   
 15,032 
    
    
   
 13,923 
    
    
   
 12,860 
    
 
   Foreign tax and other tax credits 
    
   
 (17,397 
 )  
    
   
 (16,423 
 )  
    
   
 (14,678 
 )  
 
   Non-deductible expenses, net 
    
   
 1,284 
    
    
   
 1,161 
    
    
   
 1,368 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (369 
 )  
    
   
 29 
    
    
   
 868 
    
 
   Unrecognized tax benefits, net of related Federal income taxes 
    
   
 (48 
 )  
    
   
 232 
    
    
   
 80 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (304 
 )  
    
   
 (1,473 
 )  
    
   
 (297 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 96,036 
    
    
 $ 
 82,114 
    
    
 $ 
 68,795 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The components of the 2014, 2013 and 2012 consolidated provision for income taxes are as
follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Provision for Federal income taxes – 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current provision 
    
 $ 
 70,958 
    
    
 $ 
 54,115 
    
    
 $ 
 45,110 
    
 
   Deferred provision (benefit) 
    
   
 (873 
 )  
    
   
 5,280 
    
    
   
 3,264 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total provision for Federal income taxes 
    
   
 70,085 
    
    
   
 59,395 
    
    
   
 48,374 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Provision for state and local income taxes – 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current provision 
    
   
 10,178 
    
    
   
 8,021 
    
    
   
 6,632 
    
 
   Deferred provision 
    
   
 741 
    
    
   
 775 
    
    
   
 929 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total provision for state and local income taxes 
    
   
 10,919 
    
    
   
 8,796 
    
    
   
 7,561 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Provision for non-resident withholding and foreign income taxes 
    
   
 15,032 
    
    
   
 13,923 
    
    
   
 12,860 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 96,036 
    
    
 $ 
 82,114 
    
    
 $ 
 68,795 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  As of December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, the
significant components of net deferred income taxes are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Deferred Federal income tax assets – 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
 $ 
 10,359 
    
    
 $ 
 10,143 
    
 
   Equity compensation 
    
   
 11,697 
    
    
   
 12,586 
    
 
   Other accruals and reserves 
    
   
 12,161 
    
    
   
 11,606 
    
 
   Bad debt reserves 
    
   
 1,675 
    
    
   
 2,239 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (456 
 )  
    
   
 (799 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 5,082 
    
    
   
 4,579 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred Federal income tax assets 
    
   
 40,518 
    
    
   
 40,354 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred Federal income tax liabilities – 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation, amortization and asset basis differences 
    
   
 899 
    
    
   
 1,772 
    
 
   Capitalized software 
    
   
 16,628 
    
    
   
 13,017 
    
 
   Gain on debt extinguishments 
    
   
 18,146 
    
    
   
 22,682 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 576 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred Federal income tax liabilities 
    
   
 36,249 
    
    
   
 37,471 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred Federal income tax asset 
    
   
 4,269 
    
    
   
 2,883 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Net deferred state and local income tax asset 
    
   
 2,475 
    
    
   
 3,167 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 6,744 
    
    
 $ 
 6,050 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As of December 28, 2014, the classification of net deferred income taxes is
summarized as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Current 
   
    
 Long-term 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 14,681 
    
    
 $ 
 28,312 
    
    
 $ 
 42,993 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (4,824 
 )  
    
   
 (31,425 
 )  
    
   
 (36,249 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 9,857 
    
    
 $ 
 (3,113 
 )  
    
 $ 
 6,744 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As of December 29, 2013, the classification of net deferred income taxes is
summarized as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Current 
   
    
 Long-term 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 15,246 
    
    
 $ 
 28,275 
    
    
 $ 
 43,521 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (4,536 
 )  
    
   
 (32,935 
 )  
    
   
 (37,471 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 10,710 
    
    
 $ 
 (4,660 
 )  
    
 $ 
 6,050 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  Realization of the Company’s deferred tax assets is dependent
upon many factors, including, but not limited to, the Company’s ability to generate sufficient taxable income. Although realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. On an ongoing basis, management will assess whether it remains more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized.  
 For financial reporting purposes the Company’s investment in foreign subsidiaries does not exceed its tax basis.
Therefore no deferred income taxes have been provided.    The Company recognizes the financial statement
benefit of a tax position if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable, based solely on its technical merits and consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s widely understood administrative practices and precedents. For
tax positions meeting the “more likely than not” threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant
tax authority. The Company recognizes accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in income tax expense.    During 2012, the Company recorded a tax benefit of approximately $0.7 million to reflect an increased tax basis for certain Company assets due to the issuance of final tax regulations. Additionally,
during 2012 and in connection with the sale of its six remaining Company-owned stores in a certain market to a franchisee, the Company recorded a deferred tax asset related to the capital loss that resulted from the write-off of the tax basis
goodwill associated with the market that was sold. Management believes it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized and provided a valuation allowance of approximately $0.9 million. The valuation allowance
was recorded as an increase to the provision for income taxes and increased the Company’s 2012 effective tax rate. On an ongoing basis, management will assess whether it remains more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset will be
realized.    During 2012, the Company accrued interest expense of $0.1 million. At December 30, 2012, the
amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $3.5 million of which, if ultimately recognized, $2.1 million would be recognized as an income tax benefit and reduce the Company’s effective tax rate. At December 30, 2012, the Company had $0.5
million of accrued interest and no accrued penalties. This amount is excluded from the $3.5 million total unrecognized tax benefit.    During 2013, the Company accrued interest expense of $0.1 million. At December 29, 2013, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $3.6 million of which, if ultimately recognized, $2.1 million
would be recognized as an income tax benefit and reduce the Company’s effective tax rate. At December 29, 2013, the Company had $0.6 million of accrued interest and no accrued penalties. This amount is excluded from the $3.6 million total
unrecognized tax benefit.    During 2014 and in connection with the sale of 14 Company-owned stores to
franchisees, the Company recognized a capital gain and also released $0.3 million of a deferred tax valuation allowance.    During 2014, the Company accrued interest expense of $0.1 million. At December 28, 2014, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $2.9 million of which, if ultimately recognized, $1.7 million
would be recognized as an income tax benefit and reduce the Company’s effective tax rate. At December 28, 2014, the Company had $0.7 million of accrued interest and no accrued penalties. This amount is excluded from the $2.9 million total
unrecognized tax benefit.    During the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that, as a result of the
expiration of the statute of limitations in multiple jurisdictions, the Company may decrease the amount of its gross unrecognized tax benefits by approximately $0.9 million, of which, if recognized, $0.1 million would affect the Company’s
effective tax rate. The gross unrecognized tax benefits subject to potential decrease involve issues related to various tax items in multiple jurisdictions.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized
tax benefits is as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Balance as of January 1, 2012 
    
 $ 
 3,487 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 239 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 373 
    
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (111 
 )  
 
   Settlements during the period 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (505 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 30, 2012 
    
   
 3,472 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 337 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 398 
    
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (157 
 )  
 
   Settlements during the period 
    
   
 (133 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (344 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 29, 2013 
    
   
 3,573 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 211 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 173 
    
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (605 
 )  
 
   Settlements during the period 
    
   
 (55 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (358 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 28, 2014 
    
 $ 
 2,939 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The Company continues to be under examination by certain states. The Company’s
Federal statute of limitation has expired for years prior to 2011 and the relevant state statutes vary. The Company expects the current ongoing examinations to be concluded in the next twelve months and does not expect the assessment of any
significant additional amounts in excess of amounts reserved.      

 
 
 (7) 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS  
  The Company has a retirement savings plan which qualifies under Internal Revenue Code
Section 401(k). All employees of the Company who have completed 1,000 hours of service and are at least 21 years of age are eligible to participate in the plan. The plan requires the Company to match 100% of the first 3% of each employee’s
elective deferrals and 50% of the next 2% of each employee’s elective deferrals. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company’s matching contributions were made in the form of cash and vested immediately. The expenses incurred for Company
contributions to the plan were approximately $4.1 million in 2014, $3.9 million in 2013 and $3.8 million in 2012.    The Company has established a non-qualified deferred compensation plan available for certain key employees. Under this self-funding plan, the participants may defer up to 40% of their annual compensation.
The participants direct the investment of their deferred compensation within several investment funds. The Company is not required to contribute and did not contribute to this plan during 2014, 2013 or 2012.  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  The Company has an employee stock purchase discount plan (the ESPDP).
Under the ESPDP, eligible employees may deduct up to 15% of their eligible wages to purchase common stock at 85% of the market price of the stock at the purchase date. The ESPDP requires employees to hold their purchased common stock for at least
one year. The Company purchases common stock on the open market for the ESPDP at the current market price. There were 25,224 shares, 27,404 shares and 37,769 shares of common stock in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, purchased on the open market
for participating employees at a weighted-average price of $74.89 in 2014, $55.24 in 2013 and $34.60 in 2012. The expenses incurred under the ESPDP were approximately $0.3 million in 2014 and $0.2 million in both 2013 and 2012.  
   

 
 
 (8) 
 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE SHEET RISK  
  The Company is a party to stand-by letters of credit. The Company’s exposure to credit loss for
stand-by letters of credit is represented by the contractual amounts of these instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Total conditional commitments under
letters of credit as of December 28, 2014 are $44.1 million, and relate to the Company’s insurance programs and supply chain center leases. As of December 28, 2014, significantly all of the Company’s stand-by letters of credit
were collateralized with cash, which is classified as restricted cash. The Company has also guaranteed lease payments related to certain franchisees’ lease arrangements. The maximum amount of potential future payments under these guarantees is
$2.2 million as of December 28, 2014.      

 
 
 (9) 
 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS  
  The cost of all employee stock options, as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements, is
reflected in the consolidated statements of income based on the estimated fair value of the awards.    The
Company’s current equity incentive plan benefits certain of the Company’s employees and directors and is named the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan). As of December 28, 2014, the
maximum number of shares that may be granted under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is 15,600,000 shares of voting common stock of which 3,382,073 shares were authorized for grant but have not been granted.  
 The Company recorded total non-cash compensation expense of $17.6 million, $22.0 million and $17.6 million in 2014, 2013
and 2012, respectively, which reduced net income by $11.1 million, $14.0 million and $10.9 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. All non-cash compensation expense amounts are recorded in general and administrative expense.  
 Stock Options    As of December 28, 2014, the number of stock options granted and outstanding under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan was 3,590,115 options. Stock options granted under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan and
a predecessor plan prior to fiscal 2009 were generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price at the date of the grant, expired 10 years from the date of grant and vested over five years from the date of grant. Stock options
granted from fiscal 2009 to fiscal 2012 were granted with an exercise price equal to the market price at the date of the grant, expire 10 years from the date of grant and generally vest over three years from the date of grant. Stock options granted
in fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2014 were granted with an exercise price equal to the market price at the date of the grant, expire 10 years from the date of grant and generally vest over four years from the date of grant. Additionally, all stock options
granted become fully exercisable upon vesting.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  As part of the 2012 Recapitalization and pursuant to the anti-dilution
provisions in the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company made cash payments totaling approximately $13.5 million on certain stock options, reduced the exercise price on certain other stock options by an equivalent per share amount and, in certain
circumstances, both reduced the stock option exercise price and made a cash payment totaling $3.00 per share. In accordance with the equity restructuring guidance, these anti-dilution payments were accounted for as modifications/settlements and were
recorded as increases in total stockholders’ deficit. Affected stock option exercise prices presented below have been adjusted to reflect these 2012 Recapitalization-related actions.  
 Stock option activity related to the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is summarized as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common Stock Options 
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Life 
   
    
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 (Years) 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Stock options at January 1, 2012 
    
   
 5,443,691 
    
    
 $ 
 10.78 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 215,670 
    
    
   
 32.28 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (58,153 
 )  
    
   
 11.91 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (938,669 
 )  
    
   
 9.55 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options at December 30, 2012 
    
   
 4,662,539 
    
    
 $ 
 11.50 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 591,490 
    
    
   
 50.83 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (8,500 
 )  
    
   
 7.63 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (928,464 
 )  
    
   
 10.22 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options at December 29, 2013 
    
   
 4,317,065 
    
    
 $ 
 17.17 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 222,060 
    
    
   
 72.30 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (9,670 
 )  
    
   
 54.56 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (939,340 
 )  
    
   
 9.56 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Stock options at December 28, 2014 
    
   
 3,590,115 
    
    
 $ 
 22.47 
    
    
   
 5.3 
    
    
 $ 
 262,006 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at December 28, 2014 
    
   
 2,881,874 
    
    
 $ 
 14.28 
    
    
   
 4.5 
    
    
 $ 
 233,930 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was approximately $68.1 million,
$46.0 million and $27.5 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Cash received from the exercise of stock options was approximately $9.0 million, $9.5 million and $8.9 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The tax benefit realized from
stock options exercised was approximately $23.6 million, $15.5 million and $8.7 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    The Company recorded total non-cash compensation expense of $4.4 million, $6.9 million and $5.3 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to stock option awards. As of December 28, 2014,
there was $6.8 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan which generally will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the related vesting period. This
unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9 years.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  Management estimated the fair value of each option grant made during
2014, 2013 and 2012 as of the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing method. Weighted average assumptions are presented in the following table. The risk-free interest rate is based on the estimated effective life, and is estimated
based on U.S. Treasury Bond rates as of the grant date. The expected life (years) is based on several factors, including, among other things, the vesting term and contractual term as well as historical experience. The expected volatility is based
principally on the historical volatility of the Company’s share price.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
   
   
 1.0 
 %  
 
   Expected life (years) 
    
   
 5.5 
    
   
   
 5.5 
    
   
   
 5.0 
    
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 33.7 
 %  
   
   
 38.7 
 %  
   
   
 45.0 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 1.4 
 %  
   
   
 1.6 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average fair value per option 
    
 $ 
 21.16 
    
   
 $ 
 15.84 
    
   
 $ 
 13.70 
    
   Option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions. In
management’s opinion, existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the Company’s stock options, as changes in subjective input assumptions can significantly affect the fair value estimate.
   Other Equity-Based Compensation Arrangements  
 The Company granted 10,640 shares, 24,540 shares and 22,420 shares of restricted stock in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively, to members of its board of directors. These grants generally vest one-year from the date of the grant and have a fair value equal to the market price of the Company’s stock on the grant date. The Company recorded total non-cash
compensation expense of $0.8 million, $1.0 million and $0.8 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to these restricted stock awards. All non-cash compensation expense amounts are recorded in general and administrative expense. As of
December 28, 2014, there was approximately $0.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to these restricted stock grants.    The Company granted 119,670 shares, 312,330 shares and 282,170 shares of performance-based restricted stock in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, to certain employees of the Company. The performance-based
restricted stock awards granted in 2012 are separated into three tranches and have time-based and performance-based vesting conditions with the last tranche vesting three years from the issuance date. The performance-based restricted stock awards
granted in 2013 and 2014 are separated into four tranches and have time-based and performance-based vesting conditions with the last tranche vesting four years from the issuance date. These awards also contain provisions for accelerated vesting upon
the retirement of holders that have achieved specific service and age requirements. These awards are considered granted for accounting purposes when the performance target is set, which is generally in the fourth quarter of each year. The Company
recorded total non-cash compensation expense of $12.4 million, $14.1 million and $11.5 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to these awards. All non-cash compensation expense amounts are recorded in general and administrative
expense. As of December 28, 2014, there was an estimated $24.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to performance-based restricted stock.  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  Restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock activity
related to the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is summarized as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   


 
 
 
 
 
   Nonvested at December 29, 2013 
    
   
 627,176 
    
    
 $ 
 23.41 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Shares granted (1) 
    
   
 130,310 
    
    
 $ 
 72.56 
    
 
   Shares cancelled 
    
   
 (23,189 
 )  
    
 $ 
 49.78 
    
 
   Shares vested 
    
   
 (303,530 
 )  
    
 $ 
 35.40 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Nonvested at December 28, 2014 
    
   
 430,767 
    
    
 $ 
 54.79 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The weighted average grant date fair value for performance-based restricted shares granted was calculated based on the market price on the grant dates. Certain tranches
will ultimately be valued when the performance condition is established for each tranche, which generally occurs in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.  
   

 
 
 (10) 
 CAPITAL STRUCTURE  
  The Company has a Board of Directors-approved open market share repurchase program of the
Company’s common stock, which was reset during the first quarter of 2014 at $200.0 million. The open market share repurchase program has historically been funded by excess cash flow. During 2014, 2013 and 2012 the Company repurchased 1,151,931
shares, 1,666,435 shares and 2,472,863 shares of common stock for approximately $82.4 million, $97.1 million and $88.2 million, respectively. At December 28, 2014, the Company had approximately $132.7 million remaining under the $200.0 million
authorization. The Company’s policy is to recognize the difference between the purchase price and par value of the common stock in additional paid-in capital. In instances where there is no additional paid-in capital, the difference is
recognized in retained deficit.    As of December 28, 2014, authorized common stock consists of
160,000,000 voting shares and 10,000,000 non-voting shares. The share components of outstanding common stock at December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Voting 
    
   
 55,535,395 
    
    
   
 55,750,918 
    
 
   Non-Voting 
    
   
 17,754 
    
    
   
 17,754 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Common Stock 
    
   
 55,553,149 
    
    
   
 55,768,672 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      


 
 
 (11) 
 SEGMENT INFORMATION  
  The Company has three reportable segments: (i) Domestic Stores; (ii) Supply Chain; and
(iii) International Franchise.    In the fourth quarter of 2014 several organizational changes were made
within the Company’s management structure, with one of the changes impacting the management of our supply chain operations. As a result, management determined that our previous domestic supply chain segment and the international supply chain
operations division of our previous international segment should be combined into a new global supply chain segment. As a result, we now report the following three business segments: Domestic Stores, Supply Chain and international franchise. While
the consolidated results of the Company have not been impacted by this change in our reportable segments, we have restated our historical segment information in order to provide readers of our financial statements a consistent presentation.
   The Company’s operations are organized by management on the combined basis of line of business and
geography. The Domestic Stores segment includes operations with respect to all franchised and Company-owned stores throughout the contiguous United States. The Supply Chain segment primarily includes the distribution of food, equipment and supplies
to stores from the Company’s regional supply chain centers and its supply chain center operations in Canada, Alaska and Hawaii. The International Franchise segment primarily includes operations related to the Company’s franchising business
in foreign and non-contiguous United States markets.    The accounting policies of the reportable segments are
the same as those described in Note 1. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and other, referred to as Segment Income.  
 The tables below summarize the financial information concerning the Company’s reportable segments for 2014, 2013
and 2012. Intersegment Revenues are comprised of sales of food, equipment and supplies from the Supply Chain segment to the Company-owned stores in the Domestic Stores segment. Intersegment sales prices are market based. The “Other” column
as it relates to Segment Income and income from operations information below primarily includes corporate administrative costs. The “Other” column as it relates to capital expenditures primarily includes capitalized software, certain
equipment and leasehold improvements. Tabular amounts presented below are in thousands.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Domestic Stores 
   
    
 Supply Chain 
   
    
 International Franchise 
   
    
 Intersegment Revenues 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Revenues- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 578,689 
    
    
 $ 
 1,367,269 
    
    
 $ 
 152,621 
    
    
 $ 
 (104,746 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,993,833 
    
 
   2013 
    
   
 549,783 
    
    
   
 1,215,573 
    
    
   
 133,567 
    
    
   
 (96,700 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,802,223 
    
 
   2012 
    
   
 518,652 
    
    
   
 1,131,156 
    
    
   
 119,957 
    
    
   
 (91,326 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,678,439 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Segment Income- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 202,794 
    
    
 $ 
 111,593 
    
    
 $ 
 122,497 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
 $ 
 (39,255 
 )  
   
 $ 
 397,629 
    
 
   2013 
    
   
 188,180 
    
    
   
 103,258 
    
    
   
 108,615 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 (38,105 
 )  
   
   
 361,948 
    
 
   2012 
    
   
 176,042 
    
    
   
 91,624 
    
    
   
 95,265 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 (39,016 
 )  
   
   
 323,915 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income from Operations- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 196,860 
    
    
 $ 
 102,409 
    
    
 $ 
 122,626 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
 $ 
 (76,534 
 )  
   
 $ 
 345,361 
    
 
   2013 
    
   
 181,995 
    
    
   
 94,665 
    
    
   
 108,704 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 (71,553 
 )  
   
   
 313,811 
    
 
   2012 
    
   
 169,922 
    
    
   
 83,289 
    
    
   
 95,838 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 (66,718 
 )  
   
   
 282,331 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Capital Expenditures- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 15,614 
    
    
 $ 
 15,451 
    
    
 $ 
 63 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
 $ 
 40,662 
    
   
 $ 
 71,790 
    
 
   2013 
    
   
 9,884 
    
    
   
 10,900 
    
    
   
 65 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 19,538 
    
   
   
 40,387 
    
 
   2012 
    
   
 7,357 
    
    
   
 9,130 
    
    
   
 128 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 12,652 
    
   
   
 29,267 
    
 
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      
  The following table reconciles total Segment Income to income before
provision for income taxes:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Total Segment Income 
    
 $ 
 397,629 
    
    
 $ 
 361,948 
    
    
 $ 
 323,915 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (35,788 
 )  
    
   
 (25,783 
 )  
    
   
 (23,171 
 )  
 
   Gains (losses) on sale/disposal of assets 
    
   
 1,107 
    
    
   
 (367 
 )  
    
   
 (540 
 )  
 
   Non-cash compensation expense 
    
   
 (17,587 
 )  
    
   
 (21,987 
 )  
    
   
 (17,621 
 )  
 
   2012 recapitalization-related expenses 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (252 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 345,361 
    
    
   
 313,811 
    
    
   
 282,331 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 143 
    
    
   
 160 
    
    
   
 304 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (86,881 
 )  
    
   
 (88,872 
 )  
    
   
 (101,448 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 258,623 
    
    
 $ 
 225,099 
    
    
 $ 
 181,187 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table summarizes the Company’s identifiable asset information as of
December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Domestic Stores 
    
 $ 
 61,759 
    
    
 $ 
 57,879 
    
 
   Domestic supply chain 
    
   
 146,394 
    
    
   
 140,020 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total domestic assets 
    
   
 208,153 
    
    
   
 197,899 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   International Franchise 
    
   
 17,897 
    
    
   
 29,146 
    
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 18,409 
    
    
   
 11,677 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total international assets 
    
   
 36,306 
    
    
   
 40,823 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Unallocated 
    
   
 374,821 
    
    
   
 286,533 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total consolidated assets 
    
 $ 
 619,280 
    
    
 $ 
 525,255 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Unallocated assets primarily include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash,
advertising fund assets, investments in marketable securities, deferred financing costs, certain long-lived assets and deferred income taxes.    The following table summarizes the Company’s goodwill balance as of December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Domestic Stores 
    
 $ 
 15,230 
    
    
 $ 
 15,531 
    
 
   Supply Chain 
    
   
 1,067 
    
    
   
 1,067 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated goodwill 
    
 $ 
 16,297 
    
    
 $ 
 16,598 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Goodwill was reduced by approximately $0.5 million in 2014 in connection with the sale
of 14 Company-owned stores to a domestic franchisee. Additionally, one Company-owned store was purchased from a franchisee during 2014, resulting in a $0.2 million increase in goodwill.  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      


 
 
 (12) 
 SALE AND CLOSURE OF COMPANY-OWNED STORES  
  During 2014, the Company sold 14 Company-owned stores to a franchisee. In connection with the sale of
the 14 stores, the Company recorded a $1.7 million pre-tax gain on the sale of the related assets, which was net of a $0.5 million reduction in goodwill. The gain was recorded in general and administrative expense in the Company’s consolidated
statements of income.    During 2013, the Company did not sell or close any of its Company-owned stores.
   During 2012, the Company sold its six remaining Company-owned stores in a certain market to a franchisee. In
connection with the sale of these stores, the Company recognized minimal pre-tax gains on the sale of assets, which was net of a minimal reduction in goodwill.      

 
 
 (13) 
 PERIODIC FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED; IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)  
  The Company’s convention with respect to reporting periodic financial data is such that each of
the first three fiscal quarters consists of twelve weeks while the last fiscal quarter consists of sixteen weeks or seventeen weeks. The fourth quarter of 2014 and 2013 are both comprised of sixteen weeks.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Quarter Ended 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 23, 2014 
   
    
 June 15, 2014 
   
    
 September 7, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   


 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 453,852 
    
    
 $ 
 450,463 
    
    
 $ 
 446,568 
    
    
 $ 
 642,950 
    
    
 $ 
 1,993,833 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 137,042 
    
    
   
 134,645 
    
    
   
 133,514 
    
    
   
 189,565 
    
    
   
 594,766 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 63,880 
    
    
   
 61,539 
    
    
   
 56,989 
    
    
   
 76,215 
    
    
   
 258,623 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
   
 40,474 
    
    
   
 38,462 
    
    
   
 35,618 
    
    
   
 48,033 
    
    
   
 162,587 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per common share – basic 
    
 $ 
 0.73 
    
    
 $ 
 0.70 
    
    
 $ 
 0.65 
    
    
 $ 
 0.88 
    
    
 $ 
 2.96 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.71 
    
    
 $ 
 0.67 
    
    
 $ 
 0.63 
    
    
 $ 
 0.85 
    
    
 $ 
 2.86 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Common stock dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 0.25 
    
    
 $ 
 0.25 
    
    
 $ 
 0.25 
    
    
 $ 
 0.25 
    
    
 $ 
 1.00 
    
 
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Continued)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Quarter Ended 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 24, 2013 
   
    
 June 16, 2013 
   
    
 September 8, 2013 
   
    
 December 29, 2013 
   
    
 December 29, 2013 
   


 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 417,617 
    
    
 $ 
 414,009 
    
    
 $ 
 404,050 
    
    
 $ 
 566,547 
    
    
 $ 
 1,802,223 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 129,806 
    
    
   
 125,987 
    
    
   
 120,634 
    
    
   
 172,547 
    
    
   
 548,974 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 54,622 
    
    
   
 53,445 
    
    
   
 46,453 
    
    
   
 70,579 
    
    
   
 225,099 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
   
 34,420 
    
    
   
 33,270 
    
    
   
 30,632 
    
    
   
 44,663 
    
    
   
 142,985 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per common share – basic 
    
 $ 
 0.62 
    
    
 $ 
 0.60 
    
    
 $ 
 0.56 
    
    
 $ 
 0.81 
    
    
 $ 
 2.58 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.59 
    
    
 $ 
 0.57 
    
    
 $ 
 0.53 
    
    
 $ 
 0.78 
    
    
 $ 
 2.48 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Common stock dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 0.20 
    
    
 $ 
 0.20 
    
    
 $ 
 0.20 
    
    
 $ 
 0.20 
    
    
 $ 
 0.80 
    
     

 
 
 (14) 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
  On February 11, 2015, the Company granted 70,910 stock options, 7,500 restricted shares and
21,030 performance-based restricted shares to certain employees and the members of the Board of Directors of the Company. Additionally, on February 11, 2015, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.31 per common share payable
on March 30, 2015 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 13, 2015.  

      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.    None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures.      
 
 
 (a) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    The Company carried out an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that all information required in the
reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act was accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure and was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period required by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.      
 
 
 (b) 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.    There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting.      
 
 
 (c) 
 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.    The management of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company’s board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2014 based on the framework in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 28, 2014. The effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 28, 2014, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.  
   
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information.    None.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part III  
   
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.    The following table sets forth information about our executive officers and directors.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
   Age 
    
   Position 


 
 David A. Brandon 
    
 62 
    
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 J. Patrick Doyle 
    
 51 
    
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Michael T. Lawton 
    
 56 
    
 Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Supply Chain Services 
 
 Richard E. Allison, Jr. 
    
 48 
    
 President, International 
 
 Sherri L. Enright 
    
 51 
    
 Executive Vice President, PeopleFirst 
 
 Stanley J. Gage 
    
 48 
    
 Executive Vice President, Team USA 
 
 Scott R. Hinshaw 
    
 52 
    
 Executive Vice President, Franchise Operations and Development 
 
 Lynn M. Liddle 
    
 58 
    
 Executive Vice President, Communications, Investor Relations, Legislative Affairs 
 
 Kenneth B. Rollin 
    
 48 
    
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel 
 
 James G. Stansik 
    
 59 
    
 Executive Vice President, Franchise Relations 
 
 J. Kevin Vasconi 
    
 54 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer 
 
 Russell J. Weiner 
    
 46 
    
 Chief Marketing Officer and President, Domino’s USA 
 
 Andrew B. Balson 
    
 48 
    
 Director 
 
 Diana F. Cantor 
    
 57 
    
 Director 
 
 Richard L. Federico 
    
 60 
    
 Director 
 
 James A. Goldman 
    
 56 
    
 Director 
 
 Vernon “Bud” O. Hamilton 
    
 72 
    
 Director 
 
 Gregory A. Trojan 
    
 55 
    
 Director 
   David A. Brandon  has served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 1999. Mr. Brandon
served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from March 1999 to March 2010. Mr. Brandon was retained by the Company as a Special Advisor from March 2010 to January 2011. Mr. Brandon was President and Chief Executive Officer
of Valassis, Inc., a company in the sales promotion and coupon industries, from 1989 to 1998 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Valassis, Inc. from 1997 to 1998. Mr. Brandon served as the Director of Athletics for the University of
Michigan from January 2010 to November 2014. Mr. Brandon serves on the Boards of Directors of Herman Miller Inc. and DTE Energy and also previously served on the Boards of Directors of Burger King Corporation, Kaydon Corporation, Northwest
Airlines and the TJX Companies, Inc.    J. Patrick Doyle  has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2010
and was appointed to the Board of Directors in February 2010. Mr. Doyle served as President, Domino’s USA from September 2007 to March 2010, Executive Vice President, Team USA from 2004 to 2007, Executive Vice President of International
from May 1999 to October 2004 and as interim Executive Vice President of Build the Brand from December 2000 to July 2001. Mr. Doyle served as Senior Vice President of Marketing from the time he joined Domino’s in 1997 until May 1999.
Mr. Doyle serves on the Board of Directors of Best Buy Co., Inc. and also previously served on the Boards of Directors of G&K Services, Inc.    Michael T. Lawton  has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 2010. Since October 2014, Mr. Lawton has also served as our Executive Vice President, Supply Chain Services. He
also served as our interim Chief Information Officer from October 2011 to March 2012. Mr. Lawton served as Executive Vice President of International from October 2004 to March 2011. Mr. Lawton also served as Senior Vice President Finance
and Administration of International for the Company from June 1999 to October 2004. Mr. Lawton was employed in various financial and general management positions with Gerber Products Company from 1986 to 1999. Mr. Lawton serves on the
Board of Directors of La-Z-Boy, Inc.    Richard E. Allison, Jr.  has served as our President, International since October 2014.
Mr. Allison served as Executive Vice President, International from March 2011 to October 2014. Mr. Allison served as a Partner at Bain & Company, Inc. from 2004 through December 2010, as co-leader of Bain’s restaurant
practice and was employed with Bain & Company for more than 13 years.    Sherri L. Enright  has served as our Executive
Vice President, PeopleFirst since August 2013. Ms. Enright served as Director of Human Resources and Facilities for BlueCross BlueShield of Kansas from April 2013 to June 2013. From 2000 to 2012, Ms. Enright was employed by BlueCross and
BlueShield of Kansas City and served in positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as its Senior Vice President of Administrative Services and Chief Human Resources Officer.  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Stanley J. Gage  has served as our Executive Vice President, Team USA (which represents our
Company-owned store division) since August 2014. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Gage served as Vice President of the Americas Region and International Training since October 2012 and as Vice President of Operations Training and Support from 2008
through October 2012. Mr. Gage joined Domino’s Pizza in 1985.    Scott R. Hinshaw  has served as our Executive Vice
President, Franchise Operations and Development since January 2008. Mr. Hinshaw served as Executive Vice President, Team USA from September 2007 to January 2008. Mr. Hinshaw also served as a Vice President within Team USA from 1994 through
September 2007. Mr. Hinshaw joined Domino’s in 1986.     Lynn M. Liddle  joined Domino’s in November
2002, and serves as Executive Vice President, Communications, Investor Relations and Legislative Affairs. Ms. Liddle served as Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications Center for Valassis, Inc. from 1992 to November 2002.
   Kenneth B. Rollin  has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel since January 2008. From June 2000 through 2007,
Mr. Rollin was employed by AutoNation, Inc. where he last served as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. From 1996 to June 2000, Mr. Rollin was employed by Walgreen Co. where he last served as a Senior Attorney in charge of
litigation. Prior to 1996, Mr. Rollin was in private practice.    James G. Stansik  has served as our Executive Vice
President, Franchise Relations since January 2008. Mr. Stansik served as our Executive Vice President of Franchise Development from July 2006 through January 2008. Mr. Stansik served as our Executive Vice President of Flawless Execution
– Franchise Operations from December 2003 to July 2006. Mr. Stansik served as Special Assistant to the Chief Executive Officer from August 1999 through December 2003. Mr. Stansik joined Domino’s in 1985.  
 J. Kevin Vasconi  has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since March 2012. Mr. Vasconi served as
Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Engineering at Stanley Black & Decker – Stanley Security Solutions from 2011 to March 2012. Prior to his role at Stanley Security Solutions, Mr. Vasconi served in a variety of roles
at R.L. Polk & Co. from 2003 to 2011, most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Polk Global Automotive.  
 Russell J. Weiner  has served as our Chief Marketing Officer and President, Domino’s USA (which represents our domestic franchised and
Company-owned store operations, in addition to U.S. marketing) since October 2014. Mr. Weiner served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, from September 2008 to October 2014. Mr. Weiner held various marketing positions
at PepsiCo, Inc. from 1998 to 2008, most recently serving as Vice President of Marketing, Colas for Pepsi-Cola North America.    
 Andrew B. Balson  has served on our Board of Directors since March 1999, serves as the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors and also serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Balson was a Managing Director at Bain Capital, a global investment company, from 2001 to 2013. Mr. Balson became a
Principal of Bain Capital in June 1998. Mr. Balson serves on the Boards of Directors of Bloomin’ Brands, Inc., Skylark Co., Ltd. and FleetCor Technologies, Inc. as well as a number of private companies. Mr. Balson also previously
served on the Boards of Directors of Burger King Corporation and Dunkin’ Brands, Inc.    Diana F. Cantor  has served on our
Board of Directors since October 2005, serves as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and also serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. Ms. Cantor joined Alternative
Investment Management, LLC as a Partner in January 2010 and is the Chairman of the Virginia Retirement System, where she also serves on the Audit and Compliance Committee. Ms. Cantor was a Managing Director with New York Private Bank and Trust
from January 2008 through the end of 2009. Ms. Cantor served as Executive Director of the Virginia College Savings Plan, the state’s 529 college savings program, from 1996 to January 2008. Ms. Cantor served seven years as Vice
President of Richmond Resources, Ltd. from 1990 through 1996, and as Vice President of Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1985 to 1990. Ms. Cantor is also a member of the Board of Directors of Media General, Inc. Universal Corporation, Revlon,
Inc. and Knowledge Universe – US. Ms. Cantor also previously served on the Boards of Directors of the Edelman Financial Group Inc., Vistage International and Service King Body and Paint LLC.  
 Richard L. Federico  has served on our Board of Directors since February 2011 and also serves on the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors. Mr. Federico is currently Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of P.F. Chang’s China Bistro, Inc., based in Scottsdale, Arizona and has served as Chief Executive Officer or Co-Chief Executive Officer of P.F. Chang’s since
1997. Mr. Federico serves on the Board of Directors of Jamba Inc. Mr. Federico is a founding director of Chances for Children.  
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  James A. Goldman  has served on our Board of Directors since March 2010 and also serves on the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Goldman served as President and CEO and Board member of Godiva Chocolatier Inc., based in New York City from 2004 to 2014. He was President of the Foods and Beverage Division at Campbell
Soup Company from 2001 to 2004. He worked in various executive positions at Nabisco Inc. from 1992 to 2000. Prior to his work at Nabisco Inc., Mr. Goldman was a senior consulting associate at McKinsey & Co. Mr. Goldman served as a
member of the Board of Directors at The Children’s Place Retail from 2006 to 2008, on the Compensation Committee. Mr. Goldman is currently on the Board of Trustees of Save the Children in Fairfield, CT, the Board of Directors of the
International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island and the Advisory Board of Feed Projects in New York, NY. He also served on the Board of Trustees at the YMCA Camps Becket and Chimney Corners in Becket, Massachusetts, from 1992 to 1998.
   Vernon “Bud” O. Hamilton  has served on our Board of Directors since May 2005, serves as the Chairperson of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and also serves on the Audit Committee. Mr. Hamilton served in various executive positions for Procter & Gamble from 1966 through 2003. Mr. Hamilton most
recently served as Vice President, Innovation-Research & Development-Global from 2002 through 2003 and served as Vice President of Procter & Gamble Customer Business Development-North America from 1999 to 2001, Vice President of
Procter & Gamble Customer Marketing-North America from 1996 through 1998 and President of Eurocos, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Procter & Gamble, from 1994 to 1995.    Gregory A. Trojan  has served on our Board of Directors since March 2010 and also serves on the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Trojan is currently the CEO and President
of BJ’s Restaurants, Inc., a casual dining restaurant company located in Huntington Beach, California. He was elected to the BJ’s Board of Directors in December 2012. Prior to joining BJ’s, he was the CEO of Guitar Center, Inc. from
2010 through 2012, where he served as President and Chief Operating Officer from 2007 to 2010. From 1998 to 2006, he was CEO of House of Blues Entertainment, Inc., having served as the Company’s President from 1996 to 1998. Mr. Trojan
worked in various executive positions at PepsiCo Inc. from 1990 to 1996, most recently as CEO of California Pizza Kitchen. Prior to that, he was a consultant at Bain & Company, The Wharton Small Business Development Center and Arthur
Andersen & Co. In addition, he previously served on the Board of Directors of Oakley, Inc.    The remaining information required by
this item is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 28, 2014.      

 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation.    Information
regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 28, 2014. However, no information set forth in the proxy statement
regarding the Audit Committee Report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.      
 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholders matters is incorporated by reference from
Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 28, 2014.      
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.    Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of
December 28, 2014.      
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services.  
 Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy
statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 28, 2014.  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part IV  
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  
   
 
 
   
 (a)1. 
 Financial Statements: The following financial statements for Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and subsidiaries are included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data”:      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 28, 2014, December 29, 2013 and December 30,
2012 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 28, 2014, December 29, 2013 and December 30,
2012 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Years Ended December 28, 2014, December 29, 2013 and December
30, 2012 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 28, 2014, December 29, 2013 and December 30,
2012 
    
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
 
     
 
 
   
 2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules: The following financial statement schedules are attached to this report.  
 Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of the Registrant  
 Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts    All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto.  
   
 
 
   
 3. 
 Exhibits: Certain of the following Exhibits have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of
1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such exhibits are identified by the parenthetical references following the listing of each such exhibit and are incorporated herein by reference.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
     3.1 
    
 Form of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. registration statement
on Form S-1 filed on April 13, 2004 (Reg. No. 333-114442), (the “S-1”)). 
 
 
 
 
     3.2 
    
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended September 12, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
   10.1 
    
 Lease Agreement dated as of December 21, 1998 by and between Domino’s Farms Office Park Limited Partnership and Domino’s, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.3 to the Domino’s, Inc. registration statement on Form S-4 filed on March 22, 1999 (Reg. No. 333-74797)). 
 
 
 
 
   10.2 
    
 Fourth Amendment to the Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of August 28, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.2 to the registrants’ annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2012, (the “2012 10-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
   10.3* 
    
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan adopted effective January 1, 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrants’ annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended January 1, 2006). 
 
 
 
 
   10.4* 
    
 First Amendment to the Domino’s Pizza Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrants’ annual report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006). 
 
 
 
 
   10.5* 
    
 Second Amendment to the Domino’s Pizza Deferred Compensation Plan effective February 8, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2012 10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.6* 
    
 TISM, Inc. Fourth Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (“TISM Option Plan”) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Domino’s, Inc. current report on
Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2003 (Reg. No. 333-74797)). 
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   10.7* 
    
 Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended March 22, 2009, (the “March 2009 10-Q”)). 
 
 
 
 
   10.8* 
    
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the 2012
10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.9* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 2012
10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.10* 
    
 Form of Director Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the March 2009
10-Q). 
 
 
 
 
   10.11* 
    
 Form of Amendment to Existing Director Stock Option Grants (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the March 2009 10-Q). 
 
 
 
 
   10.12* 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the 2012 10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.13* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the 2012 10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.14* 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the 2012 10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.15* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the 2012 10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.16* 
    
 Form of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the registrants’ annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 3, 2010, (the “2009 10-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
   10.17* 
    
 Amended and Restated Domino’s Pizza Senior Executive Annual Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the registrants’ annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended January 2, 2011, (the “2010 10-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
   10.18* 
    
 Amended and Restated Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Employee Stock Payroll Deduction Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registrants’ annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 29, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
   10.19* 
    
 Form of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment & Direct Stock Purchase and Sale Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the S-1). 
 
 
 
 
   10.20* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of February 23, 2015 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and J. Patrick Doyle. 
 
 
 
 
   10.21* 
    
 Time Sharing Agreement dated as of February 23, 2015 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and J. Patrick Doyle. 
 
 
 
 
   10.22* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of February 14, 2007 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Michael T. Lawton (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 of the registrant’s annual
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2008, (the “2008 10-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
   10.23* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment agreement dated as of February 14, 2007 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Michael T. Lawton (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 of the 2008
10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.24* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement dated as of July 26, 2010 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Michael T. Lawton (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
registrant’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 20, 2010, (the “June 2010 10-Q”)). 
 
 
 
 
   10.25* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 2, 2008 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.01 to the registrant’s current
report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2008). 
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   10.26* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment agreement dated as of September 2, 2008 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
registrants’ current report on Form 8-K filed on December 24, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
   10.27* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement dated as of July 26, 2010 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the June 2010
10-Q). 
 
 
 
 
   10.28* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of July 21, 2011 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Scott R. Hinshaw (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the registrant’s annual
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   10.29* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of March 14, 2011 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Richard E. Allison, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the registrant’s
quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 27, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
   10.30* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 7, 2008 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Kenneth B. Rollin (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the 2010
10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.31* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement dated as of December 23, 2008 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Kenneth B. Rollin (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the 2010
10-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.32* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement dated as of July 26, 2010 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Kenneth B. Rollin. 
 
 
 
 
   10.33 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the S-1). 
 
 
 
 
   10.34 
    
 Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated March 15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC and
Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as Co-Issuer, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. current report on Form 8-K filed on March 19,
2012, (the “March 2012 8-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
   10.35 
    
 Series 2012-1 Supplement dated March 15, 2012 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated March 15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s Pizza
Distribution LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as a Co-Issuer of the Series 2012-1 5.216% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes, Class A-2 and the Series 2012-1 Variable Funding Senior Notes, Class
A-1, and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Series 2012-1 Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the March 2012 8-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.36 
    
 Class A-1 Note Purchase Agreement dated March 15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and
Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as a Co-Issuer, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as Manager, certain conduit investors, certain financial institutions and certain funding agents, Barclays Bank PLC, as L/C Provider, as Swingline Lender
and as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the March 2012 8-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.37 
    
 Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement dated March 15, 2012 among Domino’s SPV Guarantor LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza
International Franchising Inc. Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as a Guarantor, in favor of Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the March 2012
8-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.38 
    
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated March 15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, certain subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC party
thereto, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as Manager and in its individual capacity, Domino’s Pizza NS Co., and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the March 2012 8-K). 
 
 
 
 
   10.39 
    
 Agreement dated January 6, 2009 between Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Blue Harbour Strategic Value Partners Master Fund, LP and Blue Harbour Institutional Partners Master Fund, L.P.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
   10.40 
    
 Letter of Credit Agreement dated as of June 22, 2009 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Barclays Bank PLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s
current report on Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
   10.41 
    
 Board of Directors’ Compensation. 
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   12.1 
    
 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
 
 
 
 
   21.1 
    
 Subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   23.1 
    
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   32.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
     
 
 
 * 
 A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K.
 
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SCHEDULE I – CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE REGISTRANT  
 DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC.  
  PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   LIABILITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity in net deficit of subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 1,219,465 
    
   
 $ 
 1,290,202 
    
 
   Due to subsidiary 
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 1,219,471 
    
   
   
 1,290,208 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 170,000,000 shares authorized; 55,553,149 in 2014 and 55,768,672 in 2013 issued and
outstanding 
    
   
 556 
    
   
   
 558 
    
 
   Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 29,561 
    
   
   
 669 
    
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (1,246,921 
 )  
   
   
 (1,289,445 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (2,661 
 )  
   
   
 (1,984 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (1,219,465 
 )  
   
   
 (1,290,202 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC.  
  PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
    
 December 29, 2013 
   
    
 December 30, 2012 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   REVENUES 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   OPERATING EXPENSES 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Equity earnings in subsidiaries 
    
   
 162,587 
    
    
   
 142,985 
    
    
   
 112,392 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 162,587 
    
    
   
 142,985 
    
    
   
 112,392 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   NET INCOME 
    
 $ 
 162,587 
    
    
 $ 
 142,985 
    
    
 $ 
 112,392 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
 $ 
 161,910 
    
    
 $ 
 143,387 
    
    
 $ 
 112,407 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EARNINGS PER SHARE: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Common Stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 2.96 
    
    
 $ 
 2.58 
    
    
 $ 
 1.99 
    
 
   Common Stock – diluted 
    
 $ 
 2.86 
    
    
 $ 
 2.48 
    
    
 $ 
 1.91 
    
 
  See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC.  
  PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   
   
 December 30, 2012 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 134,149 
    
   
 $ 
 129,953 
    
   
 $ 
 112,392 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Dividends from subsidiaries 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 146,231 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 146,231 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Payments of common stock dividends 
    
   
 (52,843 
 )  
   
   
 (34,241 
 )  
   
   
 (173,485 
 )  
 
   Purchase of common stock 
    
   
 (82,407 
 )  
   
   
 (97,132 
 )  
   
   
 (88,238 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,101 
    
   
   
 1,420 
    
   
   
 3,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (134,149 
 )  
   
   
 (129,953 
 )  
   
   
 (258,623 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
    
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC.  
  NOTES TO PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   

 
 
 (1) 
 INTRODUCTION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc., on a stand-alone basis, (the Parent Company) has accounted for
majority-owned subsidiaries using the equity method of accounting. The accompanying condensed financial statements of the Parent Company should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and its
subsidiaries (the Company) and the notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. These financial statements have been provided to comply with  Rule 4-08(e)  of Regulation S-X.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents    Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. These investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.
   Use of Estimates    The use of estimates is inherent in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
   

 
 
 (2) 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION  
  During 2012, the Parent Company received dividends from its subsidiaries primarily consisting of
amounts received to pay a $3.00 per share special cash dividend in connection with the Company’s 2012 recapitalization transaction. See Note 4 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements as filed in this Form 10-K for a description
of the 2012 recapitalization transaction.    Non-cash activities of $42.3 million, $32.3 million and $21.7
million were recorded in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. These amounts primarily relate to stock-based compensation plans and amounts recorded in other comprehensive income related to the Company’s subsidiaries. Non-cash activities in 2012
also include payment by a subsidiary of approximately $13.5 million pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions in the Company’s equity incentive plans which was recorded as an increase in total stockholders’ deficit (see Note 9 to the
Company’s consolidated financial statements as filed in this Form 10-K for further information).  

      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SCHEDULE II – VALUATION and QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (in thousands) 
    
 Balance Beginning of
Year 
   
    
 Provision (Benefit) 
   
   
 Additions/ Deductions from Reserves * 
   
   
 Translation Adjustments 
   
   
 Balance End of Year 
   


 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 5,107 
    
    
 $ 
 (308 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,428 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (10 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,361 
    
 
   2013 
    
   
 5,906 
    
    
   
 (752 
 )  
   
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 5,107 
    
 
   2012 
    
   
 5,446 
    
    
   
 1,153 
    
   
   
 (693 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,906 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful notes receivable: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 750 
    
    
 $ 
 (262 
 )  
   
 $ 
 443 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 931 
    
 
   2013 
    
   
 1,444 
    
    
   
 (505 
 )  
   
   
 (189 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 750 
    
 
   2012 
    
   
 2,059 
    
    
   
 (691 
 )  
   
   
 76 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,444 
    
     
 
 
 * 
 Consists primarily of write-offs, recoveries of bad debt and certain reclassifications.  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this annual report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 


 
 DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael T. Lawton 
 
 Michael T. Lawton 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrants and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   /s/ J. Patrick Doyle 
   
 
   
 
 
 J. Patrick Doyle 
   
 
   
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael T. Lawton 
   
 
   
 
 
 Michael T. Lawton 
   
 
   
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ David A. Brandon 
   
 
   
 
 
 David A. Brandon 
   
 
   
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Andrew B. Balson 
   
 
   
 
 
 Andrew B. Balson 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Diana F. Cantor 
   
 
   
 
 
 Diana F. Cantor 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Richard L. Federico 
   
 
   
 
 
 Richard L. Federico 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ James A. Goldman 
   
 
   
 
 
 James A. Goldman 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Vernon O. Hamilton 
   
 
   
 
 
 Vernon O. Hamilton 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Gregory A. Trojan 
   
 
   
 
 
 Gregory A. Trojan 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2015 
   
 
   
 
 
      82  


 
 
 
