
 10-K
 1
 d129194d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549    FORM 10-K  
 (Mark One)  

 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015  
  OR      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
             TO                 Commission File Number: 001-33551          
 


 
    The Blackstone Group L.P.    (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 20-8875684 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
   345 Park Avenue    New York, New York 10154    (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip
Code)    (212) 583-5000    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)      
     Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
 Common units representing limited partner interests 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this  Form 10-K.   ¨     Indicate by
check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller
reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated filer   x 
    
 Accelerated filer   ¨ 
 
   Non-accelerated filer   ¨ 
    
 Smaller reporting company   ¨ 
 
   (do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 The aggregate market value of the common units of the Registrant held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2015 was approximately $24.8
billion, which includes non-voting common units with a value of approximately $2.4 billion.    The number of the
Registrant’s voting common units representing limited partner interests outstanding as of February 19, 2016 was 565,216,681. The number of the Registrant’s non-voting common units representing limited partner interests outstanding as
of February 19, 2016 was 59,083,468.    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 None      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 PART I. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
    
   BUSINESS 
    
   
 5 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
    
   RISK FACTORS 
    
   
 20 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
    
   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
    
   
 67 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 2. 
    
   PROPERTIES 
    
   
 67 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
    
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
   
 67 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
    
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
   
 68 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 PART II. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
    
   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
 
    
   
 69 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 6. 
    
   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
    
   
 72 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 7. 
    
   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 
    
   
 74 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
    
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
   
 145 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 8. 
    
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
    
   
 149 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 8A. 
    
   UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTAL PRESENTATION OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
    
   
 221 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
    
   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 
    
   
 223 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
    
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
   
 223 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
    
   OTHER INFORMATION 
    
   
 224 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 PART III. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
    
   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
    
   
 225 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
    
   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
    
   
 232 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
    
   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 
    
   
 257 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
    
   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
    
   
 260 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
    
   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
    
   
 269 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 PART IV. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
    
   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
    
   
 270 
    
 
 
 
 
   SIGNATURES 
    
   
 281 
    
 
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Forward-Looking Statements    This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which reflect our
current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “indicator,” “believes,”
“expects,” “potential,” “continues,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “predicts,” “intends,” “plans,”
“estimates,” “anticipates” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that
could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this report, as such
factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as
exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other periodic filings. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.    Website and Social Media Disclosure    We use our website
(www.blackstone.com), Facebook page (www.facebook.com/blackstone), Twitter (www.twitter.com/blackstone), LinkedIn (www.linkedin.com/company/the-blackstone-group), Instagram (instagram.com/Blackstone) and YouTube
(www.youtube.com/user/blackstonegroup) accounts as channels of distribution of company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following
our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive e-mail alerts and other information about Blackstone when you enroll your e-mail address by visiting the “Contact Us/Email
Alerts” section of our website at http://ir.blackstone.com. The contents of our website, any alerts and social media channels are not, however, a part of this report.  
       
 In this report, references to “Blackstone,” the “Partnership,” “we,” “us” or “our”
refer to The Blackstone Group L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this report to the ownership of Mr. Stephen A. Schwarzman, our founder, and other Blackstone personnel include
the ownership of personal planning vehicles and family members of these individuals.    “Blackstone Funds,” “our
funds” and “our investment funds” refer to the private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds, credit-focused funds, collateralized loan obligation (“CLO”) and collateralized debt obligation (“CDO”)
vehicles, real estate investment trusts and registered investment companies that are managed by Blackstone. “Our carry funds” refers to the private equity funds, real estate funds and certain of the credit-focused funds (with multi-year
drawdown, commitment-based structures that only pay carry on the realization of an investment) that are managed by Blackstone. Blackstone’s Private Equity segment comprises its management of corporate private equity funds (including our sector
and regional focused funds), which we refer to collectively as our Blackstone Capital Partners (“BCP”) funds, our opportunistic investment platform that invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, which we
collectively refer to as Blackstone Tactical Opportunities (“Tactical Opportunities”), and Strategic Partners Fund Solutions (“Strategic Partners”), a secondary private fund of funds business. We refer to our real estate
opportunistic funds as our Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) funds and our real estate debt investment funds as our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) funds. We refer to our core+ real estate funds, which
target substantially stabilized assets generating relatively stable cash flow, as Blackstone Property Partners (“BPP”) funds. We refer to our listed real estate investment trusts as “REITs.” “Our hedge funds” refers to
our funds of hedge funds, certain of our real estate debt investment funds, including a registered investment company, and certain other credit-focused funds which are managed by Blackstone.  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  “Assets Under Management” refers to the assets we manage. Our Assets Under
Management equals the sum of:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us, plus the capital that we are entitled to call
from investors in those funds and entities pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods,  
   
 
 
   
 (b) 
 the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,  
   
 
 
   
 (c) 
 the invested capital or fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
 the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our CLOs and CDOs during the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
 the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our CLOs and CDOs after the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (f) 
 the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies, and  
   
 
 
   
 (g) 
 the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, or similar instruments issued by our public REIT.  
 Our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election.
Our funds of hedge funds and hedge funds generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), with the majority of our funds requiring from 60
days to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. Investment advisory agreements related to separately managed accounts may generally be terminated by an investor on 30 to 90 days’ notice.
   “Fee-Earning Assets Under Management” refers to the assets we manage on which we derive management and/or
performance fees. Our Fee-Earning Assets Under Management equals the sum of:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 for our Private Equity segment funds and Real Estate segment carry funds including certain real estate debt investment funds and certain of our Hedge Fund Solutions
funds, the amount of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
 for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
     
 
 
   
 (c) 
 the remaining invested capital of co-investments managed by us on which we receive fees,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
 the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
 the invested capital or fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (f) 
 the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings of our REITs, subject to certain adjustments,  
   
 
 
   
 (g) 
 the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our CLOs and CDOs, and  
   
 
 
   
 (h) 
 the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies.  
 Our calculations of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset
managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. In addition, our calculation of assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds
from Blackstone and our personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. Our definitions of assets under management or fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of assets under
management or fee-earning assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  For our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the
investments held, whereas fee-earning assets under management includes the amount of capital commitments, the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has or has not expired or the fee terms of the
fund. As such, fee-earning assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.  
 This report does not constitute an offer of any Blackstone Fund.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS    Overview
   Blackstone is a leading global alternative asset manager, with Total Assets Under Management of $336.4 billion as
of December 31, 2015. As stewards of public funds, we look to drive outstanding results for our investors and clients by deploying capital and ideas to help businesses succeed and grow. Our alternative asset management businesses include
investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, non-investment grade credit, secondary funds and other multi-asset class strategies. We historically also provided a wide range of financial advisory services,
including financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory, capital markets and fund placement services. In October 2015, however, we completed the previously-announced spin-off of these businesses, other than our capital
markets services business, which was retained.    All of Blackstone’s businesses use a solutions oriented approach to drive
better performance. We believe our scaled, diversified businesses, coupled with our long track record of investment performance, proven investment approach and strong client relationships, position us to continue to perform well in a variety of
market conditions, expand our assets under management and add complementary businesses.    Two of our primary limited partner
constituencies are public pension and corporate funds. As a result, to the extent our funds perform well, it supports a better retirement for millions of pensioners.    In addition, because we are a global firm with a footprint on nearly every continent, our investments can make a difference around the world. We are committed to making our family of companies stronger in
ways that can have transformative impacts on local economies.    As of December 31, 2015, we had 104 senior managing
directors and employed approximately 790 other investment professionals at our headquarters in New York and in 20 other cities around the world. We believe hiring, training and retaining talented individuals coupled with our rigorous investment
process has supported our excellent investment record over many years. This record in turn has allowed us to successfully and repeatedly raise additional assets from an increasingly wide variety of sophisticated investors.  
 2015 Highlights    Strong
Realization Activity      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Sustained strong exit activity despite a volatile market backdrop and slowing public sales, with total realizations of $43 billion, down slightly from
a firm record of $45 billion in 2014.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Active participation in equity and debt capital markets, including over 30 public equity transactions raising an aggregate of over $15 billion in
proceeds, and a number of portfolio company refinancings. Equity capital markets activity included the successful initial public offerings of Summit Materials, Scout24, Performance Food Group, Intertrust and SH Kelkar.  
 Record Global Investment Pace      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our funds, including co-investments, invested a record $32 billion of capital.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global scale and size allow Blackstone to identify relative value and deploy capital in the most attractive opportunities. Our real estate business
leveraged its singular platform to consummate hallmark deals in 2015, including the acquisition of the majority of GE Capital’s real estate business, the acquisition of Stuyvesant Town, Manhattan’s largest apartment complex, and four
take-privates of public real estate companies.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Strong Growth in Assets Under Management Despite Record Realization Pace  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Each of our investing businesses saw positive growth in Assets Under Management in 2015, despite significant levels of realizations, primarily due to
continued strong inflows through product and channel diversification.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Gross organic capital inflows across our businesses reached $94 billion for 2015, of which $13 billion was through the retail channel (which includes
funds raised through intermediary firms that focus their offerings primarily on private clients and flows into products whose target audience is private clients, such as mutual funds, separately managed accounts and business development companies).
We believe $94 billion of gross organic capital inflows is a record fiscal year for any alternative asset management firm.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our seventh flagship private equity fund closed with third party commitments of $17.5 billion.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our eighth global real estate fund closed with third party commitments of $16 billion.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our new core+ real estate platform raised nearly $7 billion in its second year to reach $11 billion in Assets Under Management.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge Fund Solutions had external gross inflows of $11 billion, including additional inflows into Blackstone Alternative Asset Management’s
(“BAAM”) registered product platform, which is now $7 billion in size.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Senfina, BAAM’s multi-strategy trading platform, grew rapidly to $2 billion in Assets Under Management across eight portfolio managers.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Strategic Partners began raising its latest secondary fund of funds.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Tactical Opportunities continued fundraising for its platform of separately managed accounts, raising over $7 billion in 2015.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit continued to diversify the platform and launch new products, driving $23 billion in gross inflows during 2015.  
 Completion of the Spin-Off of Our Advisory Business      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In October, we completed the previously-announced spin-off of the operations that have historically constituted our Financial Advisory segment, other
than our capital markets services business, a transaction that creates new growth opportunities for our investing business. The financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services and Park Hill Group
businesses were spun-off from Blackstone and combined with PJT Capital LP, an independent financial advisory firm founded by Paul J. Taubman, to form an independent, publicly traded company called PJT Partners Inc.  
 Industry-Leading Credit Rating and Strong Balance Sheet      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Strong balance sheet with no net debt, $4.2 billion in total cash, corporate treasury and liquid investments, and a $1.1 billion undrawn revolver.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   S&P and Fitch have both affirmed Blackstone’s A+ / A+ credit ratings, making Blackstone the highest rated alternative asset manager and one of
the highest rated global financial services firms.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Raised $678 million of debt capital in 2015, including the successful execution of our first euro bond sale in a highly oversubscribed offering of
€300 million of 2.0% notes due 2025 and of an offering of $350 million of 4.45% notes due 2045.  
 Positively Impacting Communities      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Blackstone Charitable Foundation believes that entrepreneurship plays a crucial role in economic growth. The Foundation works with local partners
in targeted regions worldwide to create or grow  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
non-profit programs that support the networks and resources that entrepreneurs need to succeed. The Foundation has committed $40 million to this “Entrepreneurship Initiative” since the
program’s inception in 2010. In 2015, the Foundation expanded one of its signature programs “Blackstone LaunchPad,” to three universities in Ireland and five universities in New York state.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In support of The White House’s “Joining Forces” initiative, Blackstone launched its Veterans Hiring Initiative, committing to hire
50,000 veterans across our portfolio of companies over a five-year period. More than 33,000 veterans have been hired since the Veterans Hiring Initiative was announced in April 2013. In 2015, we partnered with KKR, Carlyle and TPG to expand our
annual summit to include representatives from across the industry, with U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama delivering keynote remarks and 150 hiring executives from the firms’ collective portfolio in attendance.  
 Business Segments    Our
four business segments are: (a) Private Equity, (b) Real Estate, (c) Hedge Fund Solutions and (d) Credit.  
 Information about our business segments should be read together with “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the historical financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. As a result of the spin-off of our Financial Advisory business in October 2015, which did
not include our capital markets services business, the results of our capital markets services business were reclassified from our prior Financial Advisory segment to the Private Equity segment. All prior periods in this report have been recast to
reflect this reclassification.    Private Equity    Our Private Equity segment, established in 1987, is a global business with approximately 230 investment professionals managing $94.3 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2015.
We are focused on identifying, managing and creating lasting value for our investors. Our Private Equity segment includes our (a) corporate private equity funds, (b) Tactical Opportunities, our opportunistic investment platform that
invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, (c) Strategic Partners, our secondary private fund of funds business, (d) Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution (“BTAS”), a new
 multi-asset  investment program for eligible high net worth investors offering exposure to certain of Blackstone’s key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment and (e) our capital
markets services business. We have raised seven general private equity funds as well as three specialized corporate private equity funds focusing on energy and communications-related investments. We are currently investing from our sixth general
private equity fund, Blackstone Capital Partners VI (“BCP VI”) and our second energy fund, Blackstone Energy Partners II (“BEP II”).    Our corporate private equity business pursues transactions throughout the world across a variety of transaction types, including large buyouts, mid-cap buyouts, buy and build platforms (which involve
multiple acquisitions behind a single management team and platform) and growth equity/development projects (which involve significant minority investments in mature companies and greenfield development projects in energy and power). Our private
equity business’s investment strategies and core themes continually evolve, in anticipation of, or in response to changes in the global economy, local markets, regulation, capital flows and geopolitical trends. We seek to construct a
differentiated portfolio of investments with a well-defined, interventionist, post-acquisition value creation strategy. Similarly, we seek investments that can generate strong unlevered returns regardless of entry or exit cycle timing. Finally, when
we can identify sectors or geographies in which the demand for capital greatly exceeds the readily available supply, our private equity business seeks to make investments at or near book value where it can create goodwill or franchise value through
post-acquisition actions.    Tactical Opportunities, our opportunistic investment platform, invests globally across asset
classes, industries and geographies. Tactical Opportunities’ mandate allows for flexible investing where it seeks to capitalize on  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
time-sensitive, complex or dislocated market situations in areas where it sees mispriced risks. The Tactical Opportunities team leverages intellectual capital from across all of our businesses to
inform our investment diligence and execution. A flexible investment mandate allows Tactical Opportunities to structure a broad range of investments, including private and public securities and instruments, where the underlying exposure may be to
equity, debt and/or real assets, and to construct a diversified portfolio of investments that provides differentiated exposures relative to traditional alternative asset managers.  
 Strategic Partners, our secondary private fund of funds business was established in 2000. Strategic Partners is focused on delivering
access to a range of opportunities, leveraging its proprietary database to acquire single fund interests or complex portfolios in an efficient and timely manner.    For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our Private Equity segment, see “— Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.  
 Real Estate  
 Since our start in 1991, we have become a world leader in real estate investing with approximately 265 investment professionals and $93.9
billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2015. We have managed or continue to manage a number of global, European and Asian focused opportunistic real estate funds, several real estate debt investment vehicles, a NYSE
publicly traded real estate investment trust (“BXMT”) and several core+ real estate funds. We refer to our opportunistic real estate funds as our Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) funds, our real estate debt investment
vehicles as our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) funds and our core+ real estate funds as our Blackstone Property Partners (“BPP”) funds.    Our BREP funds are geographically diversified and target a broad range of “opportunistic” real estate and real estate related investments that are generally undermanaged assets with higher
potential for equity appreciation. BREP has made significant investments in lodging, office buildings, shopping centers, residential and a variety of real estate operating companies.  
 Our BREDS’ vehicles target real estate debt related investment opportunities in the public and private markets, primarily in the
United States and Europe.    Our BPP funds are geographically diversified and target substantially stabilized assets generating
relatively stable cash flow with a focus on office, multifamily, industrial and retail assets in gateway markets.    Our Real
Estate segment’s investing approach is guided by several core investment principles, including global scope, a significant number of exclusive opportunities, financing expertise, operations oversight and a strong focus on value creation. For
more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our Real Estate segment, see “— Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.    Hedge Fund Solutions    Our Hedge Fund Solutions group is comprised
primarily of Blackstone Alternative Asset Management (“BAAM”). BAAM is the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, managing a broad range of commingled and customized hedge fund of fund solutions since its inception in
1990. The Hedge Fund Solution segment also includes investment platforms that seed new hedge fund talent, purchase ownership interests in more established hedge funds, invest in special situation opportunities, create alternative solutions in
regulated structures and trade long and short public equities. Working with our clients over the past 26 years, our Hedge Fund Solutions group has developed into a leading manager of institutional hedge fund of funds with approximately 165
investment professionals managing $69.1 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2015. Hedge Fund Solutions’ overall investment philosophy is to protect and grow investors’ assets through both commingled and
 
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
custom-tailored investment strategies designed to deliver compelling risk-adjusted returns and mitigate risk. Diversification, risk management, due diligence and a focus on downside protection
are key tenets of our approach. For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our Hedge Fund Solutions segment, see “— Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.  
 Credit    Our
credit business, consisting principally of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”), with $79.1 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2015 and approximately 160 investment professionals, is a leading participant in the
leveraged finance markets. The funds we manage or sub-advise include senior credit-focused funds, distressed debt funds, mezzanine funds and general credit-focused funds concentrated in the leveraged finance marketplace. GSO also manages separately
managed accounts and registered investment companies including business development companies. These vehicles have investment portfolios consisting of loans and securities spread across the capital structure, including senior debt, subordinated
debt, preferred stock and common equity. GSO may utilize leverage in connection with certain of the investments made by the credit-focused funds, separately managed accounts or registered investment companies. GSO manages 51 separate CLOs as of
December 31, 2015, focused primarily on senior secured debt issued by a diverse universe of non-investment grade companies.    Financial
and Other Information by Segment    Financial and other information by segment for the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013 is set forth in Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 Pátria Investments  
 On October 1, 2010, we purchased a 40% equity interest in Pátria Investments Limited and Pátria Investimentos Ltda.
(collectively, “Pátria”). Pátria is a leading Brazilian alternative asset manager that was founded in 1988. As of December 31, 2015, Pátria’s alternative asset management businesses managed $8.6 billion in
assets and include the management of private equity funds ($3.9 billion), real estate funds ($1.1 billion), infrastructure funds ($3.3 billion) and new initiatives ($310 million). Pátria has approximately 230 employees and is led by a group
of three managing partners. Our investment in Pátria is a minority, non-controlling investment, which we record using the equity method of accounting. We have representatives on Pátria’s board of directors in proportion to our
ownership, but we do not control the day-to-day management of the firm or the investment decisions of their funds, all of which continues to reside with the local Brazilian partners.    Investment Process and Risk Management    We maintain a rigorous investment
process across all of our funds, accounts and other investment vehicles. Each fund, account or other vehicle has investment policies and procedures that generally contain requirements and limitations for investments, such as limitations relating to
the amount that will be invested in any one investment and the types of industries or geographic regions in which the fund, account or other vehicle will invest, as well as limitations required by law. In addition, the chief investment officers of
our businesses play a central role in the evaluation of investment opportunities, including by serving as members of their respective investment committees.    Our business’ investment committees review and evaluate investment opportunities in a framework that includes a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the key risks of each investment. For
example, considerations that the investment committees of our private equity funds take into account when evaluating an investment include the quality of a business in which the fund proposes to invest and the quality of the management team of such
business, expected levered and unlevered returns of the investment in a variety of investment scenarios, the ability of the company in which the investment is made to service debt in a range of economic and interest rate
 
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
environments, environmental, social and governance, or ESG, issues and macroeconomic trends in the relevant geographic region. In addition, considerations that the investment committees of our
real estate funds take into account when evaluating an investment include current and anticipated market fundamentals (including, for example, supply and demand fundamentals) and macroeconomic trends in the relevant geographic region, the quality of
the asset in which the fund proposes to invest, the appropriateness of existing or planned leverage levels of the business or asset and our ability to successfully implement operational plans and improvements and exit the investment at an expected
rate of return.    Private Equity Funds    Our Private Equity investment professionals are responsible for selecting, evaluating, structuring, diligencing, negotiating, executing, managing and exiting investments, as well as pursuing operational
improvements and value creation. After an initial selection, evaluation and diligence process, the relevant team of investment professionals (i.e., the deal team) submits a proposed transaction for review by the review committee of our private
equity funds. Review committee meetings are led by an executive committee of several senior managing directors of our Private Equity segment. Following assimilation of the review committee’s input and its decision to proceed with a proposed
transaction, the proposed investment is vetted by the investment committee. The investment committee of our private equity funds is composed of Stephen A. Schwarzman, Hamilton E. James and selected senior managing directors of our Private Equity
segment as appropriate based on the location and sector of the proposed transaction. The investment committee is responsible for approving all investment decisions made on behalf of our private equity funds. Both the review committee and the
investment committee processes involve a consensus approach to decision making among committee members.    Our Tactical
Opportunities business has a substantially similar process to the Private Equity process described above, with the exception of the composition of the review and investment committees. The Tactical Opportunities review committee is comprised of the
senior managing directors and managing directors of the Tactical Opportunities business and a senior managing director of our Private Equity business, and the investment committee is comprised of Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. James, the business
heads of Blackstone’s Private Equity, Real Estate and Credit businesses, and certain other senior managing directors.  
 The investment professionals of our private equity funds are responsible for monitoring an investment once it is made and for making
recommendations with respect to exiting an investment. In addition to members of a deal team and our portfolio operations group, which is responsible for monitoring and assisting in enhancing portfolio companies’ operations and value, all
professionals in the Private Equity segment meet several times each year to review the performance of the funds’ portfolio companies.    Our Strategic Partners secondary private equity investment professionals seek capital appreciation through the purchase of secondary interests in mature, high-quality private equity funds from investors
seeking liquidity. After rigorous, highly analytical investment and operational due diligence, the Strategic Partners’ investment professionals will present a proposed transaction to the group’s Investment Committee. The Strategic Partners
Investment Committee is made up of senior members of the Strategic Partners team, including all of the group’s Senior Managing Directors. The Investment Committee meets on an ad hoc basis as needed to review transactions. After reviewing the
investment team’s Investment Committee Memorandum and discussing the contemplated transaction with the deal team, the Investment Committee decides whether to approve or deny the investment. The investment professionals on the Strategic Partners
team are responsible for monitoring each investment once it is made. In addition to members of the investment team, and given the large number of underlying investments, the Strategic Partners Finance team will also track investment valuations
pursuant to the group’s valuation policies and procedures.    Real Estate Funds  
 Our Real Estate investment professionals are responsible for selecting, evaluating, structuring, diligencing, negotiating, executing,
managing, monitoring and exiting investments, as well as pursuing operational  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
improvements and value creation. Our real estate operation has an investment committee similar to that described under “— Private Equity Funds.” After an initial selection,
evaluation and diligence process, the relevant team of investment professionals (i.e., the deal team) will present a proposed transaction at a weekly meeting of the investment committee. The real estate investment committee, which includes
Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. James and the senior managing directors in the Real Estate segment, scrutinizes potential transactions, provides guidance and instructions at the appropriate stage of each transaction and approves the making and
disposition of each BREP and BPP fund investment. The committee also approves significant illiquid investments by the BREDS funds. Additionally, BXMT has an investment risk management committee comprised solely of independent directors, which is
responsible for approving certain significant BXMT investments. In addition to members of a deal team and our asset management group responsible for monitoring and assisting in enhancing portfolio companies’ operations and value, senior
professionals in the Real Estate segment meet several times each year to review the performance of the funds’ portfolio companies and other investments.    Hedge Fund Solutions    Before deciding to invest in a new hedge fund or with
a new hedge fund manager, our Hedge Fund Solutions team conducts extensive due diligence, including an on-site “front office” review of the fund’s/manager’s performance, investment terms, investment strategy and investment
personnel, a “back office” review of the fund’s/manager’s operations, processes, risk management and internal controls, industry reference checks and a legal review of the investment structures and legal documents. Once initial
due diligence procedures are completed and the investment and other professionals are satisfied with the results of the review, the team will present the potential investment to the relevant Hedge Fund Solutions Investment Committee. The Investment
Committees are comprised of relevant senior managing directors and senior investment personnel. The Hedge Fund Solutions’ Executive Committee reviews and approves all investment allocations where there is limited capacity or there are other
unusual circumstances for compliance with the relevant allocation procedures. Existing investments are reviewed and monitored on a regular and continuous basis, and J. Tomilson Hill, CEO of Hedge Fund Solutions and Vice Chairman of Blackstone, and
other senior members of our Hedge Fund Solutions team, generally meet bi-weekly with Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James for a high-level review of the group’s business and affairs.  
 Credit  
 Each of our credit-focused funds has an investment committee similar to that described under “— Private Equity Funds.” The
investment committees for the credit-focused funds, which typically include Bennett J. Goodman and J. Albert Smith III and senior members of the respective investment teams associated with each credit-focused fund, review potential transactions,
provide input regarding the scope of due diligence and approve recommended investments and dispositions. These investment committees have delegated certain abilities to approve investments and dispositions to credit committees within each operation
which consist of the senior members of the respective investment teams associated with each fund. In addition, senior members of GSO, including Mr. Goodman and Mr. Smith III, meet regularly with Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James to
discuss investment and risk management activities and market conditions.    The investment decisions for the customized credit
long-only clients and other clients whose portfolios are actively traded are made by separate investment committees, each of which is composed of certain of the group’s respective senior managing directors, managing directors and other
investment professionals. With limited exceptions where the portfolio managers wish to capitalize on time sensitive market opportunities, the investment committee approves all assets that are held by the applicable client. The investment team is
staffed by professionals within research, portfolio management, trading and capital formation to ensure active management of the portfolios. Investment decisions (including the approval of the asset for the initial purchase) follow a consensus-based
approach. Industry-focused research analysts provide the committee with a formal and comprehensive review of any new investment recommendation, while our portfolio managers and trading professionals provide opinions on other technical aspects of the
recommendation as well as the risks associated with the overall portfolio composition.  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Investments are subject to predetermined periodic reviews to assess their continued fit within the funds. Our research team monitors the operating performance of the underlying issuers, while
portfolio managers, in concert with our traders, focus on optimizing asset composition to maximize value for our investors.    Structure and
Operation of Our Investment Vehicles    We conduct the sponsorship and management of our carry funds and other similar
vehicles primarily through a partnership structure in which limited partnerships organized by us accept commitments and/or funds for investment from institutional investors and (to a limited extent) high-net worth individuals. Such commitments are
generally drawn down from investors on an as-needed basis to fund investments over a specified term. All of our private equity and private real estate funds are commitment structured funds, except certain core+ and real estate debt funds, which are
structured like hedge funds where all (or a portion) of the committed capital is funded on or promptly after the investor’s subscription date and cash proceeds resulting from the disposition of investments can be reused indefinitely for further
investment, subject to certain investor withdrawal rights. Our Real Estate business also includes a NYSE-listed real estate investment trust, or “REIT,” and a registered open-ended investment company complex, each of which is externally
managed by a BREDS-owned adviser. Our credit-focused funds are generally commitment structured funds or open-ended where the investor’s capital is fully funded into the fund upon or soon after the subscription for interests in the fund. Ten
credit-focused vehicles that we manage or sub-advise in whole or in part are registered investment companies (including business development companies). The CLO vehicles we manage are structured investment vehicles that are generally private
companies with limited liability. Most of our funds of hedge funds as well as our hedge funds are structured as funds where the investor’s capital is fully funded into the fund upon the subscription for interests in the fund. Our private
investment funds are generally organized as limited partnerships with respect to U.S. domiciled vehicles and limited liability (and other similar) companies with respect to non-U.S. domiciled vehicles. In the case of our separately managed accounts,
the investor, rather than us, generally controls the investment vehicle that holds or has custody of the investments we advise the vehicle to make.    Our investment funds, separately managed accounts and other vehicles are generally advised by a Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser that is registered under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of
1940, or “Advisers Act.” Substantially all of the day-to-day operations of each investment vehicle are typically carried out by the Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser pursuant to an investment advisory (or similar) agreement.
Generally, the material terms of our investment advisory agreements relate to the scope of services to be rendered by the investment adviser to the applicable vehicle, the calculation of management fees to be borne by investors in our investment
vehicles, the calculation of and the manner and extent to which other fees received by the investment adviser from funds or fund portfolio companies serve to offset or reduce the management fees payable by investors in our investment vehicles and
certain rights of termination with respect to our investment advisory agreements. With the exception of the registered funds described below, the investment vehicles themselves do not generally register as investment companies under the U.S.
Investment Company Act of 1940, or “1940 Act,” in reliance on the statutory exemptions provided by Section 3(c)(7) or Section 7(d) thereof or, typically in the case of vehicles formed prior to 1997, Section 3(c)(1) thereof.
Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act exempts from its registration requirements investment vehicles privately placed in the United States whose securities are owned exclusively by persons who, at the time of acquisition of such securities, are
“qualified purchasers” as defined under the 1940 Act. Section 3(c)(1) of the 1940 Act exempts from its registration requirements privately placed investment vehicles whose securities are beneficially owned by not more than 100
persons. In addition, under current interpretations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), Section 7(d) of the 1940 Act exempts from registration any non-U.S. investment vehicle all of whose outstanding
securities are beneficially owned either by non-U.S. residents or by U.S. residents that are qualified purchasers. With respect to BXMT, which is externally managed by a BREDS-owned entity pursuant to a management agreement, it conducts its
operations in a manner that allows it to maintain its REIT qualification and also avail itself of the statutory exemption provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act for companies engaged primarily in investment in mortgages and other liens
or investments in real estate.    In some cases, one or more of our investment advisers, including GSO, BAAM and BREDS advisers,
advises or sub-advises funds registered under the 1940 Act.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition to having an investment adviser, each investment fund that is a limited
partnership, or “partnership” fund, also has a general partner that makes all operational and investment decisions relating to the conduct of the investment fund’s business. Furthermore, all decisions concerning the making, monitoring
and disposing of investments are made by the general partner. The limited partners of the partnership funds take no part in the conduct or control of the business of the investment funds, have no right or authority to act for or bind the investment
funds and have no influence over the voting or disposition of the securities or other assets held by the investment funds. These decisions are made by the investment fund’s general partner in its sole discretion. With the exception of certain
of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain credit-focused funds, and other funds or separately managed accounts for the benefit of one or more specified investors, third party investors in our funds have the right to remove the general
partner of the fund or to accelerate the liquidation date of the investment fund without cause by a simple majority vote. In addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our
investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple
majority) vote in accordance with specified procedures, accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an investor-by-investor basis, or the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and the vote of a simple majority of investors is
required to restart it. In addition, the governing agreements of some of our investment funds provide that investors have the right to terminate, for any reason, the investment period by a vote of 75% of the investors in such fund.  
 Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure  
 Management Fees  
 The following describes the management fees received by the Blackstone investment advisors.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our carry funds generally receives an annual management fee based upon a percentage of the fund’s capital
commitments, invested capital and/or undeployed capital during the investment period and the fund’s invested capital or investment fair value after the investment period, except that the investment advisers to certain of our credit-focused
carry funds and core +  real estate funds receive an annual
management fee that is based upon a percentage of invested capital or net asset value throughout the term of the fund. These management fees are payable on a regular basis (typically quarterly) in the contractually prescribed amounts over the life
of the fund. Depending on the base upon which management fees are calculated, negative performance of one or more investments in the fund may reduce the total management fee paid, but not the fee rate.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our funds that are structured like hedge funds, or of our funds of hedge funds, registered mutual funds and
separately managed accounts that invest in hedge funds, generally receives an annual management fee that is based upon a percentage of the fund’s or account’s net asset value. These management fees are also payable on a regular basis
(typically quarterly). These funds often afford investors increased liquidity through annual, semi-annual or quarterly, or in the case of registered mutual funds, daily, withdrawal or redemption rights, in some cases following the expiration of a
specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn. The amount of management fees to which the investment adviser is entitled with respect thereto will proportionately increase as the net asset value of each investor’s capital account
grows and will proportionately decrease as the net asset value of each investor’s capital account decreases.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our CLOs and CDOs typically receives annual management fees based upon a percentage of each fund’s total assets,
subject to certain performance measures related to the underlying assets the vehicle owns, and additional management fees which are incentive-based (that is, subject to meeting certain return criteria). These management fees are also payable on a
regular basis (typically quarterly). The term of each CLO and CDO varies from deal to deal and may be subject to early redemption or extension; typically, however, a CLO or CDO will be wound down within nine to eleven years of being launched. While
the management fees tend to be approximately 0.5% per annum of each fund’s total assets for the term of the deal, the quantum of fees will decrease as the fund deleverages toward the end of its term.  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of our separately managed accounts typically receives annual management fees typically based upon a percentage of each
account’s net asset value or invested capital. The management fees we receive from our separately managed accounts are generally paid on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and may alternatively be based on invested capital or proportionately
increase or decrease based on the net asset value of the separately managed account. The management fees we are paid for managing a separately managed account will generally be subject to contractual rights the investor has to terminate our
management of an account on as short as 30 days’ prior notice.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of each of our credit-focused registered and non-registered investment companies typically receives annual management fees based
upon a percentage of each company’s net asset value or total managed assets. The management fees we receive from the registered investment companies we manage are generally paid on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and proportionately
increase or decrease based on the net asset value or gross assets of the investment company. The management fees we are paid for managing the investment company will generally be subject to contractual rights the company’s board of directors
(or, in the case of the business development company we manage, the investment adviser) has to terminate our management of an account on as short as 30 days’ prior notice.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment adviser of BXMT receives annual management fees based upon a percentage of BXMT’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and
accumulated “core earnings” (which is generally equal to its net income, calculated under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to
certain adjustments. The management fees we receive from managing BXMT are paid quarterly and increase or decrease based on, among other things, BXMT’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings (subject to
certain adjustments).    For additional information regarding the management fee rates we receive, see
“Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition — Management and Advisory Fees, Net.”  
 Incentive Fees  
 The general partners or similar entities of each of our hedge fund structures receive performance-based allocation fees (“incentive
fees”) of generally up to 20% of the applicable fund’s net capital appreciation per annum, subject to certain net loss carry-forward (known as a “high water mark”) and/or other hurdle provisions. In some cases, the investment
adviser of each of our funds of hedge funds, separately managed accounts that invest in hedge funds and certain non-U.S. registered investment companies is entitled to an incentive fee of generally up to 15% of the applicable investment
vehicle’s net appreciation, subject to a high water mark and in some cases a preferred return. In addition, for the business development companies we sub-advise, we receive incentive fees of 10% of the vehicle’s net appreciation per annum
(in certain cases paid quarterly), subject to a preferred return. The external manager of BXMT is entitled to an incentive fee, payable quarterly, in an amount, not less than zero, equal to the product of (a) 20% and (b) the excess of
(i) BXMT’s core earnings for the previous 12-month period over (ii) an amount equal to 7% per annum multiplied by BXMT’s average outstanding equity (as defined in the management agreement), provided that BXMT’s core
earnings over the prior three-year period is greater than zero. In addition, the general partner of certain BPP funds is entitled to an incentive fee allocation of up to 10% of excess profits, if any limited partner achieves a cumulative investment
return in excess of a 7% hurdle rate. Incentive Fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually (but in certain real estate funds the measurement period is as long as three years). Once realized, such fees are not subject to
clawback.    Carried Interest    The general partner or an affiliate of each of our carry funds also receives carried interest from the investment fund. Carried interest entitles the general partner (or an affiliate) to a preferred
allocation of income and gains from a fund. Our ability to generate carried interest is an important element of our business and carried interest has historically accounted for a very significant portion of our income.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The carried interest is typically structured as a net profits interest in the applicable
fund. In the case of our carry funds, carried interest is calculated on a “realized gain” basis, and each general partner is generally entitled to a carried interest equal to 20% of the net realized income and gains (generally taking into
account unrealized losses) generated by such fund, except that the general partners (or affiliates) of certain of our credit-focused funds, real estate debt funds, multi-asset class investment funds and secondary funds of funds are generally
entitled to a carried interest that ranges from 10% to 20% depending on the specific fund. Net realized income or loss is not netted between or among funds.    For most carry funds, the carried interest is subject to an annual preferred limited partner return ranging from 5% to 10%, subject to a catch-up allocation to the general partner. If, at the end of the
life of a carry fund (or earlier with respect to our real estate, real estate debt and certain multi-asset class and/or opportunistic investment funds), as a result of diminished performance of later investments in a carry fund’s life,
(a) the general partner receives in excess of 20% (10% to 15% in the case of certain of our credit-focused and real estate debt carry funds, certain of our secondary funds of funds and certain multi-asset class investment funds) of the
fund’s net profits over the life of the fund, or (in certain cases) (b) the carry fund has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold, then we will be obligated to repay an amount equal to the carried
interest that was previously distributed to us that exceeds the amounts to which the relevant general partner we are ultimately entitled on an after tax basis. This obligation is known as a “clawback” obligation and is an obligation of any
person who directly received such carried interest, including us and our employees who participate in our carried interest plans.    Although a portion of any distributions by us to our unitholders may include any carried interest received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our
unitholders return any portion of such distributions attributable to carried interest associated with any clawback obligation. To the extent we are required to fulfill a clawback obligation, however, our general partner may determine to decrease the
amount of our distributions to common unitholders. The clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund’s own net investment performance only and carried interest of other funds is not netted for determining this contingent
obligation. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of carried interest (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her
respective share of the clawback obligation then due, then we and our employees who participate in such carried interest plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally an additional 50-67%) although we retain the right to pursue any remedies
that we have under such governing agreements against those carried interest recipients who fail to fund their obligations. We have recorded a contingent repayment obligation equal to the amount that would be due on December 31, 2015, if the
various carry funds were liquidated at their current carrying value.    For additional information concerning the clawback
obligations we could face, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We may not have sufficient cash to pay back ‘clawback’ obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.”  
 Advisory Fees  
 Many of our investment advisers, especially private equity and real estate advisers, receive customary fees (for example, acquisition fees
or origination fees) upon consummation of many of the funds’ transactions, receive monitoring fees from many of the funds’ portfolio companies for continued advice from the investment adviser, and may from time to time receive disposition
and other fees in connection with their activities. The acquisition fees that they receive are generally calculated as a percentage (that generally can range up to 1%) of the total enterprise value of the acquired entity. Most of our carry funds are
required to reduce the management fees charged to their limited partner investors by 50% to 100% of such limited partner’s share of the transaction fees and certain other fees that they receive.  
 Capital Invested In and Alongside Our Investment Funds    To further align our interests with those of investors in our investment funds, we have invested the firm’s capital and that of our personnel in the investment funds we sponsor and manage. Minimum
general partner capital  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
commitments to our investment funds are determined separately with respect to our investment funds and, generally, are less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of any particular fund. See
“Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity Needs” for more information regarding our minimum general partner capital commitments to our funds. We
determine whether to make general partner capital commitments to our funds in excess of the minimum required commitments based on a variety of factors, including estimates regarding liquidity over the estimated time period during which commitments
will be funded, estimates regarding the amounts of capital that may be appropriate for other opportunities or other funds we may be in the process of raising or are considering raising, prevailing industry standards with respect to sponsor
commitments and our general working capital requirements. In many cases, we require our senior managing directors and other professionals to fund a portion of the general partner capital commitments to our funds. In other cases, we may from time to
time offer to our senior managing directors and employees a part of the funded or unfunded general partner commitments to our investment funds. Our general partner capital commitments are funded with cash and not with carried interest or deferral of
management fees.    Investors in many of our funds also receive the opportunity to make additional “co-investments”
with the investment funds. Our personnel, as well as Blackstone itself, also have the opportunity to make co-investments, which we refer to as “side-by-side investments,” with many of our carry funds. Co-investments and side-by-side
investments are investments in portfolio companies or other assets on the same terms and conditions as those acquired by the applicable fund. Co-investments refer to investments arranged by us that are made by our limited partner investors (and
other investors in some instances) in a portfolio company or other assets alongside an investment fund. In certain cases, limited partner investors may pay additional management fees or carried interest in connection with such co-investments.
Side-by-side investments are similar to co-investments but are made by directors, officers, senior managing directors, employees and certain affiliates of Blackstone. These investments are generally made pursuant to a binding election, subject to
certain limitations, made once a year for the estimated activity during the ensuing 12 months under which those persons are permitted to make investments alongside a particular carry fund in all transactions of that fund for that year. Side-by-side
investments are funded in cash and are not generally subject to management fees or carried interest.    Competition  
 The asset management industry is intensely competitive, and we expect it to remain so. We compete both globally and on a regional,
industry and niche basis. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including investment performance, transaction execution skills, access to capital, access to and retention of qualified personnel, reputation, range of products and services,
innovation and price.    We face competition both in the pursuit of outside investors for our investment funds and in acquiring
investments in attractive portfolio companies and making other investments. With respect to outside investors, many have increased the amount of commitments they are making to alternative investment funds. However, any increase in the allocation of
amounts of capital to alternative investment strategies by institutional and individual investors could lead to a reduction in the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many of our investment funds seek to exploit. Certain institutional
investors are demonstrating a preference to in-source their own investment professionals and to make direct investments in alternative assets without the assistance of private equity advisers like us. Such institutional investors may become our
competitors and could cease to be our clients.    Depending on the investment, we face competition primarily from sponsors
managing other private equity funds, specialized investment funds, hedge funds and other pools of capital, other financial institutions including sovereign wealth funds, corporate buyers and other parties. Several of these competitors have
significant amounts of capital and many of them have investment objectives similar to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some of these competitors may also have a lower cost of capital and access to funding
sources or other resources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities. Competitors may also be subject to different regulatory regimes or rules that may provide them more
flexibility or better access to pursue transactions or raise capital for their investment funds.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
In addition, some of these competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments
and to bid more aggressively than us for investments that we want to make. Corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings with regard to an investment or be perceived by sellers as otherwise being more desirable bidders, which may
provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for an investment.    In all of our businesses, competition is also intense
for the attraction and retention of qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees.  
 For additional information concerning the competitive risks that we face, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our
Business — The asset management business is intensely competitive.”    Employees  
 As of December 31, 2015, we employed approximately 2,060 people, including our 104 senior managing directors and approximately 790
other investment professionals. We strive to maintain a work environment that fosters professionalism, excellence, integrity and cooperation among our employees.    Regulatory and Compliance Matters    Our businesses, as well as the financial
services industry generally, are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and elsewhere.    All of the investment
advisers of our investment funds operating in the U.S. are registered as investment advisers with the SEC (other investment advisers are registered in non-U.S. jurisdictions). Registered investment advisers are subject to the requirements and
regulations of the Advisers Act. Such requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to clients, maintaining an effective compliance program, solicitation agreements, conflicts of interest, recordkeeping and reporting requirements,
disclosure requirements, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between an adviser and advisory clients, and general anti-fraud prohibitions.    Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P., a subsidiary of ours through which we conduct our capital markets services business and certain of our fund marketing and distribution, is registered as a broker-dealer
with the SEC and is subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or “FINRA,” and is registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. In addition, FINRA, a self-regulatory organization that is subject to oversight by the SEC, adopts and enforces rules governing the conduct, and examines the activities, of its member firms, including our
broker-dealer entity. State securities regulators also have regulatory or oversight authority over our broker-dealer entity.  
 Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including the implementation of a
supervisory control system over the securities business, sales practices, conduct of and compensation in connection with public and private securities offerings, use and safekeeping of customers’ funds and securities, maintenance of adequate
net capital, record keeping, the financing of customers’ purchases and the conduct and qualifications of directors, officers and employees. In particular, as a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA, Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. is
subject to the SEC’s uniform net capital rule, Rule 15c3-1. Rule 15c3-1 specifies the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a significant part of a broker-dealer’s assets be kept in relatively
liquid form. The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations impose rules that require notification when net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, limit the ratio of subordinated debt to equity in the capital structure of a
broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances. Additionally, the SEC’s uniform net capital rule imposes certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer
from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to the SEC for certain withdrawals of capital.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Pursuant to the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, or “FSMA,” certain
of our subsidiaries are subject to regulations promulgated and administered by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). The Blackstone Group International Partners LLP (“BGIP”) and GSO Capital Partners International LLP
(“GSO International”) are both authorized and regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom. The FSMA and rules promulgated thereunder from the cornerstone of legislation which governs all aspects of our investment business in the United
Kingdom, including sales, research and trading practices, provision of investment advice, use and safekeeping of client funds and securities, regulatory capital, record keeping, approval standards for individuals, anti-money laundering, periodic
reporting and settlement procedures.    In addition, each of the closed-end and open-end mutual funds and investment management
companies we manage is registered under the 1940 Act. The mutual funds and investment management companies and the entities that serve as those vehicles’ investment advisers are subject to the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder, which among
other things regulate the relationship between a registered investment company and its investment adviser and prohibit or severely restrict principal transactions and joint transactions.  
 Blackstone/GSO Debt Funds Management Europe Limited is authorized by the Central Bank of Ireland and is authorized to act as a manager of
Irish non-UCITS Collective Investment Schemes. Blackstone/GSO Debt Funds Management Europe II Limited is authorized by the Central Bank of Ireland as an Alternative Investment Fund Manager. Certain Blackstone operating entities are licensed and
subject to regulation by financial regulatory authorities in Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and Singapore: The Blackstone Group Japan K.K., a financial instruments firm, is registered with Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kin-sho) and regulated by the Japan
Financial Services Agency; The Blackstone Group (HK) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission; The Blackstone Group (Australia) Pty Limited ACN 149 142 058 holds an Australian financial services license authorizing it
to provide financial services in Australia (AFSL 408376), and is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission; and The Blackstone Singapore Pte. Ltd is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (Company Registration
Number: 201020503E).    The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations have in recent years increased their regulatory
activities, including regulation, examination and enforcement in respect of asset management firms.    As described above,
certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments, non-U.S. governments, their respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to, among other
things, marketing of investment products, the privacy of client information, and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or damage our reputation. Our businesses have operated for many years within a legal
framework that requires our being able to monitor and comply with a broad range of legal and regulatory developments that affect our activities. However, additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by self-regulatory organizations or
changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability.    Rigorous legal and compliance analysis of our businesses and investments is important to our culture and risk management. Our Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, together with the Chief
Compliance Officers of each of our businesses, supervise our compliance group, which is responsible for addressing all regulatory and compliance matters that affect our activities. We strive to maintain a culture of compliance through the use of
policies and procedures such as oversight compliance, codes of conduct, compliance systems, communication of compliance guidance and employee education and training. Our compliance policies and procedures address a variety of regulatory and
compliance risks such as the handling of material non-public information, personal securities trading, marketing practices, valuation of investments on a fund-specific basis, document retention, potential conflicts of interest, the allocation of
investment opportunities, collection of fees and expense allocation.    Our compliance group also monitors the information
barriers that we maintain between the public and private side of Blackstone’s businesses. We believe that our various businesses’ access to the intellectual knowledge and  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
contacts and relationships that reside throughout our firm benefits all of our businesses. To maximize that access without compromising our compliance with our legal and contractual obligations,
our compliance group oversees and monitors the communications between groups that are on the private side of our information barrier and groups that are on the public side, as well as between different public side groups. Our compliance group also
monitors contractual obligations that may be impacted and potential conflicts that may arise in connection with these inter-group discussions.    In addition, disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are documented, tested and assessed for design and operating effectiveness in compliance with the U.S.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley”). We have an Internal Audit department with a global mandate and dedicated resources that provides risk-based audit, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, and advisory practices. Internal Audit, which
reports directly to the audit committee of the board of directors of our general partner, aims to provide reasonable, independent, and objective assurance to our management and the board of directors of our general partner that risks are well
managed and that controls are appropriate and effective.    Our enterprise risk management practices include review and
monitoring of our business, investment and other key risks at various levels, including at the fund, business unit and corporate level. Committees comprised of members of management and representatives of various business units and corporate
functions consider and evaluate legal, reputational, operational, control and other risks attendant to our business. In addition, senior management regularly reports to the audit committee of the board of directors of our general partner on risk
matters, including by providing periodic risk reports, an overview of management’s view of key risks to the firm and detailed assessments of selected risks.    There are a number of pending or recently enacted legislative and regulatory initiatives in the United States and in Europe that could significantly affect our business. Please see “Item 1A. Risk
Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Recent regulatory changes in
jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.”    Available Information  
 The Blackstone Group L.P. is a Delaware limited partnership that was formed on March 12, 2007.  
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. These filings are available to the public over the
internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file at the SEC’s public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the public reference room.    Our principal internet address is www.blackstone.com. We make available free of
charge on or through www.blackstone.com our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on  Form 8-K,  and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this report.  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS    Risks Related to Our
Business    Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance
of the investments made by our investment funds and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and
condition.    Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions
or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws (including laws relating to taxation), trade
barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls and national and international political circumstances (including wars, terrorist acts or security operations). These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices
and the liquidity and the value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these market conditions and/or other events. In the event of a market downturn each of our businesses could be affected in
different ways.    Turmoil in the global financial markets, such as occurred in 2008-2009 and 2015, can provoke significant
volatility of equity and debt securities prices. This can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations particularly with respect to our public holdings and credit investments. A lack of credit resulting from turmoil in the
global financial markets in the future may materially hinder the initiation of new, large-sized transactions for our private equity and real estate segments and adversely impact our operating results. As publicly traded equity securities represent a
higher proportion of the assets of many of our carry funds than has typically been the case, stock market volatility may have a greater impact on our reported results than in the past and declines in the stock market may adversely affect our
results, including our revenues and net income. Although base rates are inside of historical averages, financing costs have increased significantly in recent months, and there is concern that the monetary policy of central banks, including of the
U.S. Federal Reserve, as well as other market factors, including, without limitation, gross domestic product growth in the U.S., European Union and China, commodity prices and performance of the energy credit market, may adversely impact the cost
and availability of credit. In addition, many emerging economies continue to experience weakness, tighter credit conditions and a decreased availability of foreign capital. Continued weakness could result in lower returns than we anticipated at the
time certain of our investments were made.    Although interest rates have been at historically low levels for the last few
years, the U.S. Federal Reserve recently raised rates and has indicated an intention to continue raising rates in the coming months, and a period of sharply rising interest rates could have an adverse impact on our business.  
 Many investments made by our funds are highly illiquid, and we may not be able to realize investments in a timely manner. Challenging
market and economic conditions, including volatile equity and credit markets, have resulted in reduced opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from their existing investments and lower than expected returns on existing investments.
Although the equity markets are not the only means by which we exit investments, should challenges in the equity market continue, our funds may experience increased difficulty in realizing value from investments. Challenging market and economic
conditions have also made it and may in the future make it more difficult and competitive to find suitable investments for the funds to effectively deploy capital. This could adversely affect our performance and ability to raise new funds. During
periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns (which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies), our funds’ portfolio companies may experience adverse operating performance, decreased revenues, credit rating downgrades,
financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs. Negative financial results in our investment funds’ portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could
materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. To the extent the operating performance of those portfolio companies (as well as valuation multiples) do not improve or other portfolio
companies experience adverse operating performance, our investment funds may sell those assets at values that are less than we projected or even a loss, thereby significantly affecting those investment funds’
 
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
performance and consequently our operating results and cash flow. During such periods of weakness, our investment funds’ portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their
businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due, including expenses payable to us. Furthermore, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering
bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the fund’s investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact to the investment fund’s performance and consequently to our operating results
and cash flow, as well as to our reputation. In addition, negative market conditions would also increase the risk of default with respect to investments held by our investment funds that have significant debt investments, such as our credit-focused
funds. Estimates or projections of market conditions, commodity prices and supply and demand dynamics are key factors in evaluating potential investment opportunities and valuing the investments made by our funds. These estimates are subject to wide
variances based on changes in market conditions, underlying assumptions, commodity prices and technical or investment-related assumptions. We are unable to predict whether and to what extent economic and market conditions will improve. Even if such
conditions do improve broadly and significantly over the long term, adverse conditions and/or other events in particular sectors may cause our performance to suffer further.    In addition, the performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also subject to a high degree of market risk. See “—
Investments by our funds in the power and energy industries involve various operational, construction, regulatory and market risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.”  
 Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses and the possibility that we would be
unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. In order to reduce expenses in the face of a difficult economic environment, we may need to cut
back or eliminate the use of certain services or service providers, or terminate the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be
adversely affected.    Changes in the debt financing markets could negatively impact the ability of our funds and their portfolio
companies to obtain attractive financing or refinancing for their investments and could increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.
   A significant contraction in the market for debt financing, such as the contraction that occurred in 2008 and 2009 or
other adverse change, including any regulatory changes that would limit banks’ ability to provide debt financing, to us relating to the terms of such debt financing with, for example, higher rates, higher equity requirements, and/or more
restrictive covenants, particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, would have a material adverse impact on our business. In the event that our funds are unable to obtain committed debt
financing for potential acquisitions or can only obtain debt at an increased interest rate or on unfavorable terms, our funds may have difficulty completing otherwise profitable acquisitions or may generate profits that are lower than would
otherwise be the case, either of which could lead to a decrease in the investment income earned by us. Similarly, our funds’ portfolio companies regularly utilize the corporate debt markets in order to obtain financing for their operations. To
the extent that the credit markets and/or regulatory changes render such financing difficult to obtain or more expensive, this may negatively impact the operating performance of those portfolio companies and, therefore, the investment returns on our
funds. In addition, to the extent that the markets and/or regulatory changes make it difficult or impossible to refinance debt that is maturing in the near term, some of our portfolio companies may be unable to repay such debt at maturity and may be
forced to sell assets, undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection.    A decline in the pace or size of investment by our
private equity and real estate funds or an increase in the amount of transaction and monitoring fees we share with our investors would result in our receiving less revenue from transaction and monitoring fees.  
 The transaction and monitoring fees that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our private equity and real estate funds make
investments and the size of those investments. Any decline in that pace or the size of such  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
investments would reduce our transaction and monitoring fees. Many factors could cause such a decline in the pace of investment, including the inability of our investment professionals to
identify attractive investment opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of capital on attractive terms and our failure to consummate identified investment opportunities because of
business, regulatory or legal complexities and adverse developments in the U.S. or global economy or financial markets. In addition, we have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing
investors to increase the percentage of certain fees we share with our investors. As a result, for our more recent funds, the percentage of transaction and monitoring fees that we share with our investors has increased, in many cases to 100%, as
compared to historical percentages, such as with our recent fundraise in our flagship private equity fund (BCP VII). This will reduce the amount of fee revenue we earn from transaction and monitoring fees. To the extent such increases continue in
future fundraises, it would continue to decrease such fee revenue.    Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow are all highly
variable, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common units to decline.    Our revenue, net income and cash flow are all highly variable. For example, our cash flow may fluctuate significantly due to the fact that we receive carried interest from our carry funds only when
investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. In addition, transaction fees received by our carry funds can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. We may also experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and
net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors, including changes in the values of our funds’ investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our
operating expenses, the degree to which we encounter competition and general economic and market conditions. In particular, economic and market conditions may lead to volatility in the mark-to-market valuations of investments made by our funds,
particularly in respect of our public investments. It may be difficult for us to achieve steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements in the price of our common units or
increased volatility in our common unit price generally.    The timing and receipt of carried interest generated by our carry
funds is uncertain and will contribute to the volatility of our results. Carried interest depends on our carry funds’ performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. It takes a substantial period of time to identify
attractive investment opportunities, to raise all the funds needed to make an investment and then to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment through a sale, public offering, recapitalization or other exit. Even if an investment
proves to be profitable, it may be several years before any profits can be realized in cash (or other proceeds). We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. In addition, upon the realization of a profitable investment
by any of our carry funds and prior to us receiving any carried interest in respect of that investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and
expenses and achieved a certain return on all realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. If we were to have a realization event in a particular quarter, it may have a significant impact on our results for
that particular quarter which may not be replicated in subsequent quarters. We recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds, and
a decline in realized or unrealized gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow, which could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. Because our carry funds have
preferred return thresholds to investors that need to be met prior to Blackstone receiving any carried interest, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any carried
interest distributions paid to us in respect of that fund since the value of the assets in the fund would need to recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any carried interest
from that fund.    The timing and receipt of carried interest also varies with the life cycle of our carry funds. During periods
in which a relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their “harvesting” period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising or investment periods
that precede harvesting. During periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower carried interest distributions.
 
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  With respect to most of our funds of hedge funds as well as our credit-focused, and real
estate debt and core+ funds structured like hedge funds, our incentive income is paid annually or semi-annually, and the varying frequency of these payments will contribute to the volatility of our cash flow. Furthermore, we earn this incentive
income only if the net asset value of a fund has increased or, in the case of certain funds, increased beyond a particular return threshold. Certain of these funds also have “high water marks” whereby we do not earn incentive income during
a particular period even though the fund had positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. If one of these funds experiences losses, we will not be able to earn incentive income from the fund until it surpasses the previous
high water mark. The incentive income we earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value of the fund, which could lead to significant volatility in our results.    Because our revenue, net income and cash flow can be highly variable from quarter to quarter and year to year, we do not provide any guidance regarding our expected quarterly and annual operating results.
The lack of guidance may affect the expectations of public market analysts and could cause increased volatility in our common unit price.  
 Adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect our liquidity position, which could adversely affect our business operations in the
future.    We use cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, which principally
includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses and other obligations as they arise, (d) fund capital expenditures,
(e) service interest payments on our debt and repay debt, (f) pay income taxes, and (g) make distributions to our unitholders and the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. In addition to the cash we received in connection
with our initial public offering (“IPO”), our $600 million debt offering in August 2009, our $400 million debt offering in September 2010, our $650 million debt offering in August 2012, our $500 million debt offering in April 2014, our
$350 million debt offering in April 2015, and our €300 million debt offering in May 2015, our principal sources of cash are: (a) Fee Related Earnings, (b) Realized Performance Fees net of related profit sharing interests that are
included in Compensation and (c) Blackstone Investment Income related to its investments in liquid funds and its net realized investment income on its illiquid investments. We have also entered into a $1.1 billion revolving credit facility with
a final maturity date of May 29, 2019. Our long-term debt totaled $2.8 billion in borrowings from the 2009, 2010, 2012, 2014 and 2015 bond issuances and we had no borrowings outstanding against our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility as of
December 31, 2015. At the end of 2015, we had $1.8 billion in cash, $2.2 billion invested in our Treasury Cash Management Strategies, $159.8 million invested in liquid Blackstone funds, $1.9 billion invested in illiquid Blackstone funds
and $129.5 million invested in other investments.    If the global economy and conditions in the financing markets worsen, our
fund investment performance could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of less or no carried interest to us. The payment of less or no carried interest could cause our cash flow from operations to significantly decrease, which could
materially and adversely affect our liquidity position and the amount of cash we have on hand to conduct our operations and make distributions to our unitholders. Having less cash on hand could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash
(such as the capital markets, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms) to conduct our operations, which include, for example, funding significant general partner and co-investment commitments to our carry funds, or to make quarterly
distributions to our unitholders. Furthermore, during adverse economic and market conditions, we might not be able to renew all or part of our existing revolving credit facility or find alternate financing on commercially reasonable terms. As a
result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby potentially affecting our liquidity position.    We depend on our founder
and other key senior managing directors and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.    We depend on the efforts, skill, reputations and business contacts of our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, and other key senior managing directors, the information and deal flow they generate during the
normal course of their activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by our professionals.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Accordingly, our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us. Several key senior managing directors have left the firm in
the past and others may do so in the future, and we cannot predict the impact that the departure of any key senior managing director will have on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. The loss of the services of any of them could have a
material adverse effect on our revenues, net income and cash flows and could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. We have historically relied in part on the interests
of these professionals in the investment funds’ carried interest and incentive fees to discourage them from leaving the firm. However, to the extent our investment funds perform poorly, thereby reducing the potential for carried interest and
incentive fees, their interests in carried interest and incentive fees become less valuable to them and become less effective as incentives for them to continue to be employed at Blackstone.  
 Our senior managing directors and other key personnel possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships
with investors in our funds, clients and other members of the business community. As a result, the loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with investors in our funds, our clients and members of the business community and result
in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities.    Our publicly traded structure may adversely affect our
ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to recruit, retain and motivate new senior managing directors and other key personnel, both of which could adversely affect our business, results and financial
condition.    Our most important asset is our people, and our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of
our senior managing directors and other professionals. Our future success and growth depends to a substantial degree on our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to strategically recruit, retain and
motivate new talented personnel. Most of our current senior managing directors and other senior personnel have equity interests in our business that are primarily partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (as defined under “Part III.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Blackstone Holdings Partnership Agreements”) and which entitle such personnel to cash distributions. However, the value of such Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units and the distributions in respect of these equity interests may not be sufficient to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel, nor may they be sufficiently attractive to strategically recruit, retain
and motivate new talented personnel. Moreover, prior to our IPO, many of our senior managing directors and other senior personnel had interests in each of our underlying businesses which may have entitled to them to a larger amount of cash
distributions than they receive in respect of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.    Additionally, the retention of an
increasingly larger portion of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by senior managing directors is not dependent upon their continued employment with us as those equity interests continue to vest as time passes. Moreover, the minimum
retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions to which these interests are subject in certain instances lapse over time, may not be enforceable in all cases and can be waived. There is no guarantee that the non-competition and
non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving us, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us or that these agreements will
be enforceable in all cases. In addition, these agreements will expire after a certain period of time, at which point each of our senior managing directors would be free to compete against us and solicit investors in our funds, clients and
employees.    We might not be able to provide future senior managing directors with equity interests in our business to the same
extent or with the same tax consequences from which our existing senior managing directors previously benefited. For example, if legislation were to be enacted by the U.S. Congress or any state or local governments to treat carried interest as
ordinary income rather than as capital gain for tax purposes, such legislation would materially increase the amount of taxes that we and possibly our unitholders would be required to pay, thereby adversely affecting our ability to recruit, retain
and motivate our current and future professionals. See “— Risks  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Related to United States Taxation — Our structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure also is
subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.”    Alternatively, the value of the units we may issue senior managing directors at any given time may subsequently fall (as reflected in the market price of our common units), which could counteract the
incentives we are seeking to induce in them. Therefore, in order to recruit and retain existing and future senior managing directors, we may need to increase the level of compensation that we pay to them. Accordingly, as we promote or hire new
senior managing directors over time, we may increase the level of compensation we pay to our senior managing directors, which would cause our total employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of our total revenue to increase and
adversely affect our profitability. In addition, issuance of equity interests in our business in the future to senior managing directors and other personnel would dilute public common unitholders.  
 We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment of interests with
investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which
could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.    Our organizational documents do not limit our
ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses.  
 Our plan, to the extent that market conditions permit, is to continue to grow our investment businesses and expand into new investment
strategies, geographic markets and businesses. Our organizational documents do not limit us to the investment management and financial advisory businesses. Accordingly, we may pursue growth through acquisitions of other investment management or
advisory companies, acquisitions of critical business partners or other strategic initiatives. In addition, we expect opportunities will arise to acquire other alternative or traditional asset managers. To the extent we make strategic investments or
acquisitions, undertake other strategic initiatives or enter into a new line of business, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (a) the required investment of capital and other resources, (b) the
possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, (c) the diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses, (d) assumption of
liabilities in any acquired business, (e) the disruption of our ongoing businesses, (f) the increasing demands on or issues related to the combining or integrating operational and management systems and controls, (g) compliance with
additional regulatory requirements, and (h) the broadening of our geographic footprint, including the risks associated with conducting operations in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Entry into certain lines of business may subject us to new laws and
regulations with which we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt, and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. For example, our recent and planned business initiatives include offering registered investment products and
the creation of investment products open to retail investors. These activities have and will continue to impose additional compliance burdens on us and could also subject us to enhanced regulatory scrutiny and expose us to greater reputation and
litigation risk. See “— We are subject to substantial litigation risks and may face significant liabilities and damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity.” In addition, if a new
business generates insufficient revenues or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations will be adversely affected. Our strategic initiatives may include joint ventures, in which case we will be subject
to additional risks and uncertainties in that we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control.  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  If we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities,
acquisitions or joint ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully.    Our growth strategy
is based, in part, on the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses, or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. The success of this
strategy will depend on, among other things: (a) the availability of suitable opportunities, (b) the level of competition from other companies that may have greater financial resources, (c) our ability to value potential development
or acquisition opportunities accurately and negotiate acceptable terms for those opportunities, (d) our ability to obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities and to comply with applicable laws and
regulations without incurring undue costs and delays and (e) our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners. Moreover, even if we are able to identify and successfully complete an acquisition, we
may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs associated with integrating and overseeing the operations of the new businesses. If we are not successful in implementing our growth strategy, our business, financial results and the
market price for our common units may be adversely affected.    The spin-off of our financial and strategic advisory services,
restructuring and reorganization advisory services, and Park Hill fund placement businesses could result in substantial tax liability for us and/or our unitholders.    On October 1, 2015, we completed the previously-announced spin-off of our financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, and Park Hill fund placement
businesses and combined these businesses with PJT Partners, an independent financial advisory firm founded by Paul J. Taubman, to form an independent publicly traded company. We may be responsible for U.S. federal income tax liabilities that relate
to the spin-off if certain internal reorganization transactions in connection with the spin-off fail to qualify as tax-free, and our unitholders may also incur U.S. federal income tax liability in such circumstances.  
 The U.S. Congress has considered legislation that, if enacted, would have (a) for taxable years beginning ten years after the date of
enactment, precluded us from qualifying as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or required us to hold carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations and (b) taxed individual holders of common units with respect to
certain income and gains at increased rates. If any similar legislation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a material increase in our tax liability and a substantial portion of our income could be taxed at a higher rate to the
individual holders of our common units.    Over the past several years, a number of legislative and administrative
proposals to change the taxation of Carried Interest have been introduced and, in certain cases, have been passed by the U.S. House of Representatives that would have, in general, treated income and gains, including gain on sale, attributable to an
investment services partnership interest, or “ISPI,” as income subject to a new blended tax rate that is higher than the capital gains rate applicable to such income under current law, except to the extent such ISPI would have been
considered under the legislation to be a qualified capital interest. Our common units and the interests that we hold in entities that are entitled to receive Carried Interest would likely have been classified as ISPIs for purposes of this
legislation. It is unclear whether or when the U.S. Congress will pass such legislation or what provisions will be included in any final legislation if enacted.    Some legislative proposals have provided that, for taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, income derived with respect to an ISPI that is not a qualified capital interest and that
is subject to the foregoing rules would not meet the qualifying income requirements under the publicly traded partnership rules. Therefore, if similar legislation were to be enacted, following such ten-year period, we would be precluded from
qualifying as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or be required to hold all such ISPIs through corporations. If we were taxed as a U.S. corporation or held all ISPIs through U.S. corporations, our effective tax rate could increase
significantly. The federal statutory rate for corporations is currently 35%. In addition, we could be subject to increased state and local taxes. Furthermore, common unitholders could be subject to tax on our conversion into a corporation or any
restructuring required in order for us to hold our ISPIs through a corporation.  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Obama administration has made similar proposals that would tax income and gain,
including gain on sale, attributable to an ISPI at ordinary rates, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. The proposals would also characterize certain income and gain in respect of ISPIs as non-qualifying income under the tax
rules applicable to publicly traded partnerships after a ten-year transition period from the effective date, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. The Obama administration proposed similar changes in its published revenue
proposals for 2015 and prior years.    States and other jurisdictions have also considered legislation to increase taxes with
respect to Carried Interest. For example, New York has considered legislation which could have caused a non-resident of New York who holds our common units to be subject to New York state income tax on carried interest earned by entities in which we
hold an indirect interest, thereby requiring the non-resident to file a New York state income tax return reporting such carried interest income. It is unclear whether or when similar legislation will be enacted. Finally, several state and local
jurisdictions have evaluated ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state or local income, franchise or other forms of taxation or to increase the amount of such taxation. If any state were to impose a tax
upon us as an entity, our distribution to common unitholders would be reduced.    Additional proposed changes in the U.S. and foreign
taxation of businesses could adversely affect us.    Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development
(“OECD”) and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. The OECD, which represents a coalition of
member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits between affiliated
entities in different tax jurisdictions. Additionally, the Obama administration has announced other proposals for potential reform to the U.S. federal income tax rules for businesses, including reducing the deductibility of interest for
corporations, anti-inversion rules, reducing the top marginal rate on corporations and subjecting entities currently treated as partnerships for tax purposes to an entity-level income tax similar to the corporate income tax. Several of these
proposals for reform, if enacted by the United States or by other countries in which we or our affiliates invest or do business, could adversely affect us. It is unclear what any actual legislation would provide, when it would be proposed or what
its prospects for enactment would be.    Other proposals by members of Congress have contemplated the migration of the United
States from a “worldwide” system of taxation, pursuant to which U.S. corporations are taxed on their worldwide income, to a territorial system where U.S. corporations are taxed only on their U.S. source income (subject to certain
exceptions for income derived in low-tax jurisdictions from the exploitation of tangible assets) at a top corporate tax rate that would be 25%. The territorial tax system proposals envisage a revenue neutral result and consequently include numerous
revenue raisers to offset the reduction in the tax rate and base which may or may not be detrimental to us. A variation of this proposal contemplates a similar territorial U.S. tax system, but with more expansive U.S. taxation of the foreign profits
of non-U.S. subsidiaries of U.S. corporations. Such proposal would also eliminate the withholding tax exemption on portfolio interest debt obligations for investors residing in non-treaty jurisdictions. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has also
identified comprehensive tax reform as a priority for the next Congress. Whether these or other proposals will be enacted by the government and in what form is unknown, as are the ultimate consequences of the proposed legislation.  
 The potential requirement to convert our financial statements from being prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America to International Financial Reporting Standards may strain our resources and increase our annual expenses.    As a public entity, the SEC may require in the future that we report our financial results under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) instead of under GAAP. IFRS is a set of
accounting principles that has been gaining acceptance on a worldwide basis. These standards are published by the London-based International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and are more focused on objectives and principles and less
reliant on  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
detailed rules than GAAP. Today, there remain significant and material differences in several key areas between GAAP and IFRS which would affect Blackstone. Additionally, GAAP provides specific
guidance in classes of accounting transactions for which equivalent guidance in IFRS does not exist. The adoption of IFRS is highly complex and would have an impact on many aspects and operations of Blackstone, including but not limited to financial
accounting and reporting systems, internal controls, taxes, borrowing covenants and cash management. It is expected that a significant amount of time, internal and external resources and expenses over a multi-year period would be required for this
conversion.    Operational risks may disrupt our businesses, result in losses or limit our growth.  
 We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly
or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. In addition, our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks. Breaches of our network security systems could involve attacks that are
intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses, cyberattacks and other means and could originate from a wide variety
of sources, including unknown third parties outside the firm. Although we take various measures to ensure the integrity of our systems, there can be no assurance that these measures will provide protection. If our systems are compromised, do not
operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our investment funds, regulatory intervention or reputational damage.  
 In addition, we operate in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technology. Our information systems and
technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could
have a material adverse effect on us.    Furthermore, we depend on our headquarters in New York City, where many of our
personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third
parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to
mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all.    Finally, we rely on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems and technology and administration of our hedge funds. Any interruption or
deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology could impair the quality of the funds’ operations and could affect our reputation and hence adversely affect our businesses.
   Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The
possibility of increased regulatory focus could result in additional burdens on our business.    Our business is subject
to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. These authorities have regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of
financial services, including the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular activities. Many of these regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations,
as well as state securities commissions in the United States, are also empowered to conduct investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel, changes in policies, procedures or disclosure or other
sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or investment adviser from registration or memberships or the commencement of a civil or criminal lawsuit against us or our
personnel. Moreover, the financial services industry generally is presently the subject of heightened scrutiny, and the SEC has  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
specifically focused on private equity. In that connection, the SEC’s list of examination priorities includes, among other things, private equity firms’ collection of fees and
allocation of expenses, their marketing and valuation practices and allocation of investment opportunities. We regularly are subject to requests for information and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities, with
which we routinely cooperate and, in the current environment, even historical practices that have been previously examined are being revisited. For example, in October 2015, without admitting or denying any wrongdoing, three of our private equity
fund advisors consented to the entry of an order settling certain matters in connection with funds formed many years ago relating to historical monitoring fee termination practices and historical practices relating to the application of disparate
vendor discounts to Blackstone and to our funds that were charged in 2011. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” for additional information. SEC actions and initiatives can have an adverse effect on our financial results, including as a result
of the imposition of a sanction or changing our historic practices. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse
publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients.    We rely on complex exemptions from statutes in conducting our asset management activities.    We regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or “Securities Act,” the Exchange Act, the 1940 Act, the Commodity Exchange Act and the
U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, in conducting our asset management activities. These exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not
control. If for any reason these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third party claims and our business could be materially and adversely affected. For example, in 2014, the SEC amended Rule
506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act to impose “bad actor” disqualification provisions which ban an issuer from offering or selling securities pursuant to the safe harbor rule in Rule 506 if the issuer, or any other “covered
person,” is the subject of a criminal, regulatory or court order or other “disqualifying event” under the rule which has not been waived. The definition of “covered person” under the rule includes an issuer’s directors,
general partners, managing members and executive officers; affiliates who are also issuing securities in the offering; beneficial owners of 20% or more of the issuer’s outstanding equity securities; and promoters and persons compensated for
soliciting investors in the offering. Accordingly, our ability to rely on Rule 506 to offer or sell securities would be impaired if we or any “covered person” is the subject of a disqualifying event under the rule and we are unable to
obtain a waiver. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in our investment funds and are not designed to protect our common unitholders.
Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities and impose burdensome compliance requirements.    We and our
affiliates from time to time are required to report specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other sanctioned individuals or entities.    The Iran Threat Reduction and Syrian Human Rights Act of 2012 (“ITRA”) expands the scope of U.S. sanctions against Iran. More specifically, Section 219 of the ITRA amended the Exchange Act
to require companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain OFAC
sanctions engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. In some cases, ITRA requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under U.S.
law. Companies that may be considered our affiliates have publicly filed and/or provided to us the disclosures reproduced on Exhibit 99.1 of each of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2015, August 6, 2015 and
November 5, 2015 as well as Exhibit 99.1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which disclosures are hereby incorporated by reference herein. We have not independently verified or participated in the preparation of these disclosures. We are
required to separately file with the SEC a notice that such activities have been disclosed in this report, and the SEC is required to post this notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the U.S. President and certain U.S.
Congressional committees. The U.S. President thereafter is required to  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation, to determine whether sanctions should be imposed. Disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not
subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our business.  
 Regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business.  
 As a result of the financial crisis and highly publicized financial scandals, investors have exhibited concerns over the integrity of the
U.S. financial markets and the regulatory environment in which we operate in the United States. There has been active debate over the appropriate extent of regulation and oversight of private investment funds and their managers. We may be adversely
affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC or other U.S. governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. We also may be adversely affected by
changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. For example, senior officials at the SEC have recently emphasized their intention to implement a
“broken windows” policy, meaning that the SEC will pursue even the most minor violations on the theory that publicly pursuing smaller matters will reduce the prevalence of larger matters. The Director of the SEC’s Division of
Enforcement has described “broken windows” as a zero tolerance policy.    On July 21, 2010, President Obama
signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), which imposes significant new regulations on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including aspects of our
business. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act includes the following provisions that could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   As described elsewhere in this Form  10-K,  all of the investment advisers of our investment funds operated in
the U.S. are registered as investment advisers with the SEC. Private equity and hedge fund advisers registered with the SEC under the Advisers Act are required to maintain extensive records and to file reports.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   On December 16, 2015, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) published a final rule governing margin requirements for
uncleared swaps entered into by swap dealers and major swap participants subject to CFTC regulation. The final rule, which becomes effective on April 1, 2016, generally requires covered swap entities, subject to certain thresholds and
exemptions for inter-affiliate swaps, to collect and post margin in respect of uncleared swap transactions with other covered swap entities and financial end-users. These newly adopted rules on margin requirements for uncleared swaps could adversely
affect our business, including our ability to enter such swaps or our available liquidity.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes federal regulatory agencies to review and, in certain cases, prohibit compensation arrangements at financial institutions
that give employees incentives to engage in conduct deemed to encourage inappropriate risk taking by covered financial institutions. On March 2, 2011, the SEC proposed a rule, as part of a joint rulemaking effort with U.S. federal banking
regulators, that would apply to “covered financial institutions,” including registered investment advisers and broker-dealers that have total consolidated assets of at least $1 billion, and imposes substantive and procedural requirements
on incentive-based compensation arrangements. The proposed rule remains pending and may be revised and re-proposed by the agencies in 2016 for additional notice and comment. The application of this rule to us could limit our ability to recruit and
retain investment professionals and senior management executives.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Dodd-Frank Act, under what has become known as the “Volcker Rule,” generally prohibits depository institution holding companies
(including foreign banks with U.S. branches and insurance companies with U.S. depository institution subsidiaries), insured depository institutions and subsidiaries and affiliates of such entities (collectively, “banking entities”) from
investing in or sponsoring private equity funds or hedge funds. The Volcker Rule became effective as a matter of statute on July 21, 2012, but banking entities had a so-called “conformance period,” which ran until July 21, 2015,
to wind down, sell, transfer or otherwise conform their investments and activities to the Volcker Rule, absent an  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
extension by the Federal Reserve or an exemption for certain “permitted activities.” On December 10, 2013, the Federal Reserve and other federal regulatory agencies issued final
rules implementing the principal components of the Volcker Rule. For investments in and relationships with certain funds that were in place prior to December 31, 2013, the Federal Reserve announced its intent to give banking entities until
July 21, 2017 to comply with the Volcker Rule. In addition, an extension of up to five years may be sought by banking entities for investments in certain illiquid funds. We do not currently anticipate that the Volcker Rule will adversely affect
our fundraising to any significant extent.    Many of these provisions are subject to further rulemaking and
to the discretion of regulatory bodies, such as the FSOC, the Federal Reserve and the SEC.    There has been increasing
commentary amongst regulators and intergovernmental institutions, including the Financial Stability Board and International Monetary Fund, on the topic of so-called “shadow banking,” a term generally taken to refer to credit intermediation
involving entities and activities outside the regulated banking system. While, at this stage, it is difficult to predict the scope of any new regulations, if regulators were to extend regulatory and supervisory requirements to certain sectors or
funds of our business, such as capital and liquidity buffer requirements, currently applicable to banks, or if we are considered to be engaged in “shadow banking,” the regulatory and operating costs associated therewith could adversely
impact the implementation of our business. In the United States:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The process established by the Dodd-Frank Act for designation of systemically important non-bank firms has provided a means for ensuring that the
perimeter of prudential regulation can be extended as appropriate to cover large shadow banking institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act established the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the “FSOC”), which is comprised of representatives of
all the major U.S. financial regulators, to act as the financial system’s systemic risk regulator. The FSOC has the authority to review the activities of non-bank financial companies predominantly engaged in financial activities and designate
those companies determined to be “systemically important” for supervision by the Federal Reserve. Such designation is applicable to companies where material distress could pose risk to the financial stability of the United States.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   On April 3, 2012, the FSOC issued a final rule and interpretive guidance regarding the process by which it will designate non-bank financial
companies as systemically important. The final rule and interpretive guidance details a three-stage process, with the level of scrutiny increasing at each stage. Initially, the FSOC applies a broad set of uniform quantitative metrics to screen out
financial companies that do not warrant additional review. The FSOC considers whether a company has at least $50 billion in total consolidated assets and whether it meets other thresholds relating to credit default swaps outstanding, derivative
liabilities, loans and bonds outstanding, a minimum leverage ratio of total consolidated assets (excluding separate accounts) to total equity of 15 to 1, and a short-term debt ratio of debt (with maturities less than 12 months) to total consolidated
assets (excluding separate accounts) of 10%. A company that meets or exceeds both the asset threshold and one of the other thresholds will be subject to additional review. The review criteria could, and is expected to, evolve over time. While we
believe it to be unlikely that we would be designated as systemically important, if such designation were to occur, we would be subject to significantly increased levels of regulation, which includes, without limitation, a requirement to adopt
heightened standards relating to capital, leverage, liquidity, risk management, credit exposure reporting and concentration limits, restrictions on acquisitions and being subject to annual stress tests by the Federal Reserve. To date, the Federal
Reserve has made designations of four non-bank companies as “systemically important” subject to Federal Reserve supervision, none of which included asset management firms or funds.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   On December 18, 2014, the FSOC released a notice seeking public comment on the potential risks posed by aspects of the asset management industry,
including whether asset management products and activities may pose potential risks to the U.S. financial system in the areas of liquidity and redemptions, leverage, operational functions, and resolution, or in other areas.
 
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   In connection with the work of the FSOC, on October 31, 2011, the SEC and the CFTC issued a joint final rule on systemic risk reporting designed
to assist the FSOC in gathering information from many sectors of the financial system for monitoring risks. This final rule requires large private equity fund advisers, such as Blackstone, to submit reports, on Form PF, focusing primarily on the
extent of leverage incurred by their funds’ portfolio companies, the use of bridge financing and their funds’ investments in financial institutions.  
 Rule 206(4)-5 under the Advisers Act regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers involving campaign contributions
and other payments to government clients and elected officials able to exert influence on such clients prohibits investment advisers from providing advisory services for compensation to a government client for two years, subject to very limited
exceptions, after the investment adviser, its senior executives or its personnel involved in soliciting investments from government entities make contributions to certain candidates and officials in position to influence the hiring of an investment
adviser by such government client. Advisers are required to implement compliance policies designed, among other matters, to track contributions by certain of the adviser’s employees and engagements of third parties that solicit government
entities and to keep certain records in order to enable the SEC to determine compliance with the rule. Any failure on our part to comply with the rule could expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage. In addition, there have been
similar rules on a state level regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers.    In June 2011, the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision, an international body comprised of senior representatives of bank supervisory authorities and central banks from 27 countries, including the United States, announced the final framework for a comprehensive set of
capital and liquidity standards, commonly referred to as “Basel III,” for internationally active banking organizations. These new standards, which will be fully phased in by 2019, will require banks to hold more capital, predominantly in
the form of common equity, than under the current capital framework. Implementation of Basel III will require implementing regulations and guidelines by member states. In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking regulators announced the adoption of final
regulations to implement Basel III for U.S. banking organizations, subject to various transition periods. Compliance with the Basel III standards may result in significant costs to banking organizations, which in turn may result in higher borrowing
costs for the private sector, including our funds and portfolio companies, and reduced access to certain types of credit. See “— Changes in the debt financing markets could negatively impact the ability of our funds and their portfolio
companies to obtain attractive financing or refinancing for their investments and could increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.” In the
United States, regulations have been proposed by the federal banking agencies, but they remain pending.    In March 2013, the
Federal Reserve and other U.S. federal banking agencies issued updated leveraged lending guidance covering transactions characterized by a degree of financial leverage. In November 2015, in connection with the banking agencies’ most recent
review of large credits under the Shared National Credit review, the agencies noted high credit risk and weaknesses related to leveraged lending and for loans related to oil and gas exploration, production and energy services. To the extent that
such guidance limits the amount or cost of financing we are able to obtain for our transactions, the returns on our investments may suffer. In addition, in December 2015, the U.S. federal banking agencies issued a statement cautioning financial
institutions on rising concentrations in commercial real estate and an easing of related underwriting standards.    In addition,
in December 2015, the SEC proposed a new rule that would reduce the ability of registered investment companies to utilize derivatives and other instruments that could be deemed to leverage a fund’s portfolio, which if adopted in its current
form, may impact the ability of certain of our registered funds to continue pursuing certain aspects of their current investment strategies.    It is impossible to determine the full extent of the impact on us of the Dodd-Frank Act or any other new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed or whether any of the proposals will become
law. Any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, including the changes described above, may impose additional costs on us, require the attention of our senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which we
conduct our business. Moreover, as calls for additional regulation have increased, there may be a related increase in  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
regulatory investigations of the trading and other investment activities of alternative asset management funds, including our funds. Compliance with any new laws or regulations could make
compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we conduct our business and adversely affect our profitability.  
 Changes in U.S. and foreign tax law could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from certain foreign investors.  
 Under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”), all entities in a broadly defined class of foreign financial
institutions (“FFIs”) are required to comply with a complicated and expansive reporting regime or be subject to a 30% United States withholding tax on certain U.S. payments (and beginning in 2019, a 30% withholding tax on gross proceeds
from the sale of U.S. stocks and securities) and non-U.S. entities which are not FFIs are required to either certify they have no substantial U.S. beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their substantial U.S.
beneficial ownership or be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax on certain U.S. payments (and beginning in 2019, a 30% withholding tax on gross proceeds from the sale of U.S. stocks and securities). The reporting obligations imposed under FATCA
require FFIs to enter into agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose information about certain investors to the IRS. In addition, the administrative and economic costs of compliance with FATCA may discourage some foreign investors from
investing in U.S. funds, which could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from these investors. Other countries such as the United Kingdom and the Cayman Islands have implemented regimes similar to that of FATCA. Compliance with such regimes
could result in increased administrative and compliance costs and could subject our investment entities to increased non-U.S. withholding taxes.    Recent regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.    Similar to the environment in the United States, the current environment in jurisdictions outside the United States in which we operate, in particular Europe, has become subject to further regulation.
Governmental regulators and other authorities in Europe have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives and additional rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business.  
 The European Union Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the “Directive”), as transposed into national law within the
member states of the European Union (the “EU”), established a new regulatory regime for alternative investment fund managers, including private equity and hedge fund managers. It is intended that the Directive will apply in the additional
member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), namely, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein, but to date the Directive has not yet been referenced in the Agreement on the European Economic Area (expected in 2016) (but for convenience we
refer to the EEA). The Directive regulates managers established in or with a registered office in the EEA managing one or more alternative investments funds but it also impacts non EEA-based managers, such as our affiliates, when they market
securities of alternative investment funds in the EEA. We have had to comply with certain requirements of the Directive in order to market our investment funds to professional investors in the EEA, including compliance with prescribed pre-investment
disclosures, prescribed annual report disclosures, prescribed periodic reporting to regulators in respect of each fund marketed and asset-stripping restrictions in relation to the acquisition of non-listed companies or issuers established in the EEA
(these restrictions prohibit certain distributions to shareholders for 24 months following closing of an acquisition). The Directive makes provision for member states to permit non-EEA managers to market funds to professional investors under
national private placement rules, but there is no requirement for member states to operate or maintain a national private placement regime and, if they do, the member state is free to impose rules that are stricter than the minimum required. In some
cases this has restricted our ability to market our investment funds, e.g., in those states that do not operate national private placement and/or impose such requirements that make it disproportionately burdensome to do so. It is possible that, from
some future date, but not earlier than July 2019, we will be required to comply with the Directive in full in order to market our investment funds to professional investors in the EEA, and we may elect to comply at an earlier point in time (if that
option should become available) in order to facilitate such marketing. In either case this would subject us to a number of additional requirements, including rules relating to the remuneration of certain personnel, certain capital requirements for
alternative  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
investment fund managers, leverage oversight for each investment fund, liquidity management, and retention of depositaries for each investment fund. Compliance with the requirements of the
Directive will impose additional compliance burdens and expense for us and could reduce our operating flexibility and fundraising opportunities.    Following the financial crisis the Financial Stability Board (“FSB”) has taken on an increasingly important role in promoting the reform of international financial regulation through
coordinating national financial authorities and international standard-setting bodies in their development of regulatory, supervisory and financial sector policies.    One of the risks identified by the FSB to the stability of the financial system is credit intermediation (involving maturity and liquidity transformation) and/or a build-up of leverage by non-bank
entities—so-called “shadow banking”. The FSB has proposed adoption of a two-pronged strategy to address financial stability risks in shadow banking: (a) create a monitoring framework to track developments in shadow banking; and
(b) coordinate and contribute to the development of policies to strengthen oversight and regulation of shadow banking, focusing on measures to: (i) mitigate risks in banks’ interactions with shadow banking entities; (ii) reduce
the susceptibility of money market funds to “runs”; (iii) improve transparency and align the incentives in securitization; (iv) dampen pro-cyclicality and other financial stability risks in securities financing transactions such
as repos and securities lending; and (v) assess and mitigate financial stability risks posed by other shadow banking entities and activities.    In December 2015 (effective January 1, 2017), the European Banking Authority (“EBA”) produced guidelines to set appropriate aggregate limits to shadow banking entities when carrying out
banking activities. While most alternative investment funds are excluded from the definition of “shadow banking entity,” funds that use leverage on a substantial basis at fund level or have certain third party lending exposures are within
the definition. When dealing with shadow banking entities, the EEA financial institution would be required to implement additional effective processes (including with respect to due diligence) and set internal aggregate and individual limits to such
exposures where they exceed 0.25% of the institution’s eligible capital. While the guidelines do not themselves introduce a quantitative limit to institutions’ exposures to shadow banking entities at the individual or aggregate exposure
level, they place the responsibility on the banking sector to demonstrate that risks are managed effectively. Affected institutions will be required to set internal aggregate and individual limits to exposures to individual shadow banking entities
which could limit or restrict the availability of credit and/or increase the cost of credit from these institutions for impacted funds.    Changes in tax laws by foreign jurisdictions could result from BEPS projects being undertaken by the OECD. The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous
international tax principles, including interest deductibility, transfer pricing, and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. These contemplated changes, if adopted by individual countries, could increase tax uncertainty and/or costs
faced by us, our portfolio companies and our investors, change our business model and cause other adverse consequences. The timing or impact of these proposals is unclear at this point. In addition, tax laws, regulations and interpretations are
subject to continual changes, which could adversely affect our structures or returns to our investors. For instance, various countries have adopted or proposed tax legislation that may adversely affect portfolio companies and investment structures
in countries in which our funds have invested and may limit the benefits of additional investments in those countries.    Our
investment businesses are subject to the risk that similar measures might be introduced in other countries in which our funds currently have investments or plan to invest in the future, or that other legislative or regulatory measures that
negatively affect their respective portfolio investments might be promulgated in any of the countries in which they invest. Blackstone’s non-U.S. advisory entities are, to the extent required, registered with the relevant regulatory authority
of the jurisdiction in which the advisory entity is domiciled. In addition, we voluntarily participate in several transparency initiatives, including those organized by the Private Equity Growth Capital Council, the British Private Equity and
Venture Capital Association and others calling for the reporting of information concerning companies in which certain of our funds have investments. The reporting related to such initiatives may divert the attention of our personnel and the
management teams of our portfolio companies. Moreover, sensitive business information relating to us or our portfolio companies could be publicly released.  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our use of leverage to finance our business will expose us to substantial risks, which are exacerbated
by our funds’ use of leverage to finance investments.    We intend to use borrowings to finance our business
operations as a public company. For example, in August 2009, we issued $600 million of ten-year senior notes at a rate of 6.625% per annum, in September 2010, we issued $400 million of ten-year senior notes at a rate of 5.875% per annum,
in August 2012, we issued $400 million of ten-year senior notes at a rate of 4.75% per annum and $250 million of thirty-year senior notes at a rate of 6.25% per annum, in April 2014, we issued $500 million of thirty-year senior notes at a
rate of 5% per annum, in April 2015, we issued $350 million of thirty-year senior notes at a rate of 4.45% per annum, and in May 2015, we issued €300 million of ten-year senior notes at a rate of 2% per annum. Borrowing to
finance our businesses exposes us to the typical risks associated with the use of leverage, including those discussed below under “— Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to
achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.” In order for us to utilize leverage to finance our business, we are dependent on financial institutions such as global banks extending credit to us on terms that are reasonable to us.
There is no guarantee that such institutions will continue to extend credit to us or renew any existing credit agreements we may have with them, or that we will be able to refinance outstanding notes when they mature. We have a credit facility which
provides for revolving credit borrowings that has a final maturity date of May 29, 2019. As borrowings under the facility or any other indebtedness mature, we may be required to either refinance them by entering into a new facility, which could
result in higher borrowing costs, or by issuing equity, which would dilute existing unitholders. We could also repay them by using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, which could reduce
distributions to our unitholders. We could have difficulty entering into new facilities or issuing equity in the future on attractive terms, or at all. These risks are exacerbated by our funds’ use of leverage to finance investments.
   We are subject to substantial litigation risks and may face significant liabilities and damage to our professional reputation as a
result of litigation allegations and negative publicity.    In recent years, the volume of claims and amount of damages
claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against the financial services industry in general have been increasing. The investment decisions we make in our asset management business and the activities of our investment professionals on behalf
of portfolio companies of our carry funds may subject the companies, funds and us to the risk of third party litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of those investment funds, alleged conflicts of interest, the
activities of our portfolio companies and a variety of other litigation claims. From time to time we, our funds and our portfolio companies have been and may be subject to class action suits by shareholders in public companies that we have agreed to
acquire that challenge our acquisition transactions and/or attempt to enjoin them. Please see “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” below for additional information.    In addition, to the extent investors in our investment funds suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us,
our investment funds, our senior managing directors or our affiliates under the federal securities law and/or state law. While the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, other employees
and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity does not extend to actions
determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct.    The activities of our
capital markets services business may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients and third parties, including our clients’ stockholders, under securities or other laws in connection with transactions in which we participate.
   In addition, our plan, to the extent that market conditions permit, is to continue to grow our investment businesses and
expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, businesses and distribution channels, including the retail channel. To the extent we distribute products through new channels, including through
 
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to effectively monitor or control the manner of their distribution, which could result in litigation against us, including with respect to, among other
things, claims that products distributed through such channels are distributed to customers for whom they are unsuitable or distributed in any other inappropriate manner. In addition, the distribution of products through new channels whether
directly or through market intermediaries, including in the retail channel, could expose us to additional regulatory risk in the form of allegations of improper conduct and/or actions by state and federal regulators against us with respect to, among
other things, product suitability, conflicts of interest and the adequacy of disclosure to customers to whom our products are distributed through those channels.    If any private lawsuits or regulatory actions were brought against us and resulted in a finding of substantial legal liability, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract
and retain investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our carry funds. As a result, allegations of improper conduct by private litigants or regulators, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative
publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities, our new lines of business or distribution channels, or the private equity industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be more damaging to our
business than to other types of businesses.    Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients
and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Fraud and other deceptive practices or other misconduct at our portfolio companies could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance.
   There is a risk that our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a
number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely
affect our clients and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest. If our employees were improperly to use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer
serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. It is not always possible to detect or deter employee misconduct, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be
effective in all cases. If one of our employees were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be adversely affected.  
 In recent years, the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission have devoted greater resources to
enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). In addition, the United Kingdom has recently significantly expanded the reach of its anti-bribery laws. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to
ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the FCPA, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA, the UK anti-bribery laws or other applicable
anti-corruption laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could
adversely affect our business prospects, financial position or the market value of our common units.    In addition, we may also
be adversely affected if there is misconduct by personnel of portfolio companies in which our funds invest. For example, financial fraud or other deceptive practices at our portfolio companies, or failures by personnel at our portfolio companies to
comply with anti-bribery, trade sanctions or other legal and regulatory requirements, could cause significant reputational and business harm to us. Such misconduct may undermine our due diligence efforts with respect to such portfolio companies and
could negatively affect the valuations of the investments by our funds in such portfolio companies. In addition, we may face an increased risk of such misconduct to the extent our investment in non-U.S. markets, particularly emerging markets,
increases.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Poor performance of our investment funds would cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow,
may obligate us to repay carried interest previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future investment funds.    In the event that any of our investment funds were to perform poorly, our revenue, income and cash flow would decline because the value of our assets under management would decrease, which would result in
a reduction in management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the carried interest and incentive fees we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on our investments of our own principal as a result of poor
investment performance by our investment funds. Furthermore, if, as a result of poor performance of later investments in a carry fund’s life, the fund does not achieve certain investment returns for the fund over its life, we will be obligated
to repay the amount by which carried interest that was previously distributed to us exceeds amounts to which we are ultimately entitled.    Poor performance of our investment funds could make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. Investors in carry funds might decline to invest in future investment funds we raise and investors in
hedge funds or other investment funds might withdraw their investments as a result of poor performance of the investment funds in which they are invested. Investors and potential investors in our funds continually assess our investment funds’
performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future investment funds and avoid excessive redemption levels will depend on our investment funds’ continued satisfactory performance. Accordingly, poor fund performance may deter
future investment in our funds and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and ultimately, our management fee revenue. Alternatively, in the face of poor fund performance, investors could demand lower fees or fee concessions for existing
or future funds which would likewise decrease our revenue. A significant number of fund sponsors have recently decreased the amount of fees they charged investors for managing existing or successor funds as a direct result of poor fund performance.
   Our asset management business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third party investors. If we are unable to
raise capital from third party investors, we would be unable to collect management fees or deploy their capital into investments and potentially collect transaction fees or carried interest, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flow
and adversely affect our financial condition.    Our ability to raise capital from third party investors depends on a
number of factors, including certain factors that are outside our control. Certain factors, such as the performance of the stock market or the asset allocation rules or regulations or investment policies to which such third party investors are
subject, could inhibit or restrict the ability of third party investors to make investments in our investment funds or the asset classes in which our investment funds invest. For example, during 2008 and 2009, many third party investors that invest
in alternative assets and have historically invested in our investment funds experienced significant volatility in valuations of their investment portfolios, including a significant decline in the value of their overall private equity, real estate,
venture capital and hedge fund portfolios, which affected our ability to raise capital from them. Coupled with a lack of realizations during that period from their existing private equity and real estate portfolios, many of these investors were left
with disproportionately outsized remaining commitments to a number of investment funds, which significantly limited their ability to make new commitments to third party managed investment funds such as those managed by us. Our ability to raise new
funds could similarly be hampered if the general appeal of private equity and alternative investments were to decline. An investment in a limited partner interest in a private equity fund is more illiquid and the returns on such investment may be
more volatile than an investment in securities for which there is a more active and transparent market. Private equity and alternative investments could fall into disfavor as a result of concerns about liquidity and short-term performance. Such
concerns could be exhibited, in particular, by public pension funds, which have historically been among the largest investors in alternative assets. Many public pension funds are significantly underfunded and their funding problems have been, and
may in the future be, exacerbated by economic downturn. Concerns with liquidity could cause such public pension funds to reevaluate the appropriateness of alternative investments. Although the amount of commitments investors are making to
alternative investment funds has increased in recent years, there is no assurance that this will continue or that our ability to raise capital from investors will not be hampered.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, certain institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public
pension funds, have demonstrated an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, such as managed accounts, smaller funds and co-investment vehicles. There can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as
profitable for us as the traditional investment fund structure, or as to the impact such a trend could have on the cost of our operations or profitability if we were to implement these alternative investment structures. Moreover, certain
institutional investors are demonstrating a preference to in-source their own investment professionals and to make direct investments in alternative assets without the assistance of private equity advisers like us. Such institutional investors may
become our competitors and could cease to be our clients. As some existing investors cease or significantly curtail making commitments to alternative investment funds, we may need to identify and attract new investors in order to maintain or
increase the size of our investment funds. Our recent and planned business initiatives include offering registered investment products and the creation of investment products open to retail investors. There are no assurances that we can find or
secure commitments from those new investors. If economic conditions were to deteriorate or if we are unable to find new investors, we might raise less than our desired amount for a given fund. Further, as we seek to expand into other asset classes,
we may be unable to raise a sufficient amount of capital to adequately support such businesses. If we are unable to successfully raise capital, it could materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.
   In addition, in connection with raising new funds or making further investments in existing funds, we negotiate terms for
such funds and investments with existing and potential investors. The outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed or funds managed by our
competitors. Such terms could restrict our ability to raise investment funds with investment objectives or strategies that compete with existing funds, add additional expenses and obligations for us in managing the fund or increase our potential
liabilities, all of which could ultimately reduce our revenues. In addition, certain institutional investors have publicly criticized certain fund fee and expense structures, including management fees and transaction and advisory fees. Although we
have no obligation to modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so in our funds. For example, we have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups
representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the fees and carried interest and incentive fees we earn.  
 Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be subject to significant subjectivity and the fair value of assets established
pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds.    There
are often no readily ascertainable market prices for illiquid investments in our private equity, real estate and certain of our credit-focused funds. We determine the value of the investments of each of our private equity, real estate and
credit-focused funds at least quarterly based on the fair value of such investments. The fair value of investments of a private equity, real estate or credit-focused fund is generally determined using several methodologies described in the
investment funds’ valuation policies.    Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments
in the equity of operating companies or real estate properties. Fair values of such investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), the
discounted cash flow method, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are unaudited at the time received. In determining fair values of real estate investments, we also
consider projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, replacement costs and capitalization rates (“cap rates”) analyses. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable
companies or assets (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for
differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash flow through debt maturity will
also be considered in support of the investment’s carrying value. In determining fair values of exploration and production (E&P) investments within the energy  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
sector, we consider the following: projected operating cash flows resulting from the utilization of third-party analysis of the reserve quantities, which may from time to time be adjusted for
management’s view, combined with the forward strip price for the specific commodity in the near-term, Blackstone Energy Partner’s long-term view of the commodity price in the outer years, sales of comparable assets, and replacement costs.
Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as barrel of oil equivalent, or BOE, by a relevant
reserve metric observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to other similar methods. Additionally,
where applicable, given the structured nature of some of the preferred securities, projected distributable cash flow through maturity or other triggering events will also be considered in support of the investment’s carrying value. These
valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment.    In certain cases debt and equity securities are
valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect
to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments.    The determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including but not limited to the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the
investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. These valuation methodologies
involve a significant degree of management judgment. For example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation methodology than the other sponsor does or derive a different value than the other sponsor has
derived on the same investment. These differences might cause some investors to question our valuations.    Because there is
significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an investment fund’s net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would
actually be obtained by us on behalf of the investment fund when such investments are realized. Realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in prior fund net asset values would result in losses
for the applicable fund, a decline in asset management fees and the loss of potential carried interest and incentive fees. Changes in values attributed to investments from quarter to quarter may result in volatility in the net asset values and
results of operations and cash flow that we report from period to period. Also, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in prior fund net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us,
which would in turn result in difficulty in raising additional funds or redemptions from our hedge funds.    The historical returns
attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in our common units.  
 The historical and potential future returns of the investment funds that we manage are not directly linked to returns on our common units.
Therefore, any continued positive performance of the investment funds that we manage will not necessarily result in positive returns on an investment in our common units. However, poor performance of the investment funds that we manage would cause a
decline in our revenue from such investment funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all likelihood the returns on an investment in our common units.  
 Moreover, with respect to the historical returns of our investment funds:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we may create new funds in the future that reflect a different asset mix and different investment strategies, as well as a varied geographic and
industry exposure as compared to our present funds, and any such new funds could have different returns from our existing or previous funds,  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   as the global markets rebounded from the financial crisis in recent years, market conditions were largely favorable, which helped to generate positive
performance, particularly in our private equity and real estate businesses, although there can be no assurance that such conditions will repeat or that our current or future investment funds will avail themselves of comparable market conditions,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rates of returns of our carry funds reflect unrealized gains as of the applicable measurement date that may never be realized, which may adversely
affect the ultimate value realized from those funds’ investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rates of returns of our BCP and BREP funds in some years were positively influenced by a number of investments that experienced rapid and
substantial increases in value following the dates on which those investments were made, which may not occur with respect to future investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   in recent years, there has been increased competition for private equity investment opportunities resulting from, among other things, the increased
amount of capital invested in alternative investment funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our investment funds’ returns in some years benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves,
our current or future investment funds might not be able to avail themselves of comparable investment opportunities or market conditions, and the circumstances under which our current or future funds may make future investments may differ
significantly from those conditions prevailing in the past,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   newly established funds may generate lower returns during the period in which they initially deploy their capital, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rates of return reflect our historical cost structure, which may vary in the future due to various factors enumerated elsewhere in this report and
other factors beyond our control, including changes in laws.    The future internal rate of return for any
current or future fund may vary considerably from the historical internal rate of return generated by any particular fund, or for our funds as a whole. In addition, future returns will be affected by the applicable risks described elsewhere in this
Form 10-K, including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular fund invests.    Dependence on significant leverage in
investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.  
 Many of our carry funds’ investments rely heavily on the use of leverage, and our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on
investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. For example, in many private equity investments, indebtedness may constitute as much as 70% or more of a portfolio company’s or real estate
asset’s total debt and equity capitalization, including debt that may be incurred in connection with the investment. The absence of available sources of sufficient senior debt financing for extended periods of time could therefore materially
and adversely affect our private equity and real estate businesses. In addition, in March 2013, the Federal Reserve and other U.S. federal banking agencies issued updated leveraged lending guidance covering transactions characterized by a degree of
financial leverage. Such guidance may limit the amount or cost of financing we are able to obtain for our transactions, and as a result, the returns on our investments may suffer. See “— Regulatory changes in the United States could
adversely affect our business.”    In addition, an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk
spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those businesses’ investments. Increases in interest rates could also make it more difficult to locate and consummate private equity investments because other
potential buyers, including operating companies acting as strategic buyers, may be able to bid for an asset at a higher price due to a lower overall cost of capital or their ability to benefit from a higher amount of cost savings following the
acquisition of the asset. In addition, a portion of the indebtedness used to finance private equity investments often includes high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is
subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment.  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Investments in highly leveraged entities are inherently more sensitive to declines in
revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. The incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an entity could, among other things:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   give rise to an obligation to make mandatory pre-payments of debt using excess cash flow, which might limit the entity’s ability to respond to
changing industry conditions to the extent additional cash is needed for the response, to make unplanned but necessary capital expenditures or to take advantage of growth opportunities,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to adjust to changing market conditions, thereby placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors
who have relatively less debt,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   allow even moderate reductions in operating cash flow to render it unable to service its indebtedness, leading to a bankruptcy or other reorganization
of the entity and a loss of part or all of the equity investment in it,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to engage in strategic acquisitions that might be necessary to generate attractive returns or further growth, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to obtain additional financing or increase the cost of obtaining such financing, including for capital expenditures,
working capital or general corporate purposes.    As a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged
entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt. For example, many investments consummated by private equity sponsors during 2005, 2006 and 2007 that utilized significant amounts of leverage subsequently experienced
severe economic stress and, in certain cases, defaulted on their debt obligations due to a decrease in revenues and cash flow precipitated by the subsequent economic downturn during 2008 and 2009.  
 When our BCP and BREP funds’ existing portfolio investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments mature
in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets
to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our private
equity and real estate funds’ existing portfolio investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected.    Many of the hedge funds in which our funds of hedge funds invest and our credit-focused funds, CLOs and CDOs may choose to use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and regularly borrow
a substantial amount of their capital. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. A fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry
securities or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation
in the securities purchased or carried and will be lost — and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated — in the event of a decline in the market value of such securities. Gains realized with borrowed funds
may cause the fund’s net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. However, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund’s net asset value could also decrease faster than if
there had been no borrowings.    Increases in interest rates could also decrease the value of fixed-rate debt investments that
our investment funds make.    Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flow.  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The asset management business is intensely competitive.  
 The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance,
the quality of service provided to clients, investor liquidity and willingness to invest, fund terms (including fees), brand recognition and business reputation. Our asset management business competes with a number of private equity funds,
specialized investment funds, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial institutions (including
sovereign wealth funds), and we expect that competition will continue to increase. A number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a number of our competitors in some of our businesses have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors’ funds or other available investment products,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   several of our competitors have significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create
additional competition for investment opportunities and may reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of these competitors may also have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create
competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or
investments than we can and/or bear less compliance expense than we do,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising certain types of investment funds under the investment management contracts they
have negotiated with their investors,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a
wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments that we want to make,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding new alternative asset fund management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our
various businesses, including former “star” portfolio managers at large diversified financial institutions as well as such institutions themselves, is expected to continue to result in increased competition,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have better expertise or be regarded by investors as having better expertise in a specific asset class or geographic region
than we do,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our competitors that are corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings in respect of an investment, which may provide them with a
competitive advantage in bidding for an investment,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some investors may prefer to invest with an investment manager that is not publicly traded or is smaller with only one or two investment products that
it manages, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other industry participants will from time to time seek to recruit our investment professionals and other employees away from us.
   We may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices, structures and
terms offered by competitors. Alternatively, we may experience decreased rates of return and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Moreover, if we are forced to compete with other
alternative asset managers on the basis of price, we may not be able to maintain our current fund fee and carried interest terms. We have historically competed primarily on the performance of our funds, and not on the level of our fees or carried
interest relative to those of our competitors. However, there is a risk that fees and carried interest in the alternative investment management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance of a manager. Fee or carried interest
income reductions on existing or future funds, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure, would adversely affect our revenues and profitability.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, the attractiveness of our investment funds relative to investments in other
investment products could decrease depending on economic conditions. This competitive pressure could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future investment funds, either of which would adversely
impact our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flow.    The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with
investments by our investment funds may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment.  
 Before making investments in private equity and other investments, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based
on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental and legal issues. Outside consultants, legal
advisers, accountants and investment banks may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment. Nevertheless, when conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding an investment, we rely on
the resources available to us, including information provided by the target of the investment and, in some circumstances, third party investigations. The due diligence investigation that we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity
may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts (including fraud) that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. Moreover, such an investigation will not necessarily result in the investment being successful.  
 In connection with the due diligence that our funds of hedge funds conduct in making and monitoring investments in third party hedge
funds, we rely on information supplied by third party hedge funds or by service providers to such third party hedge funds. The information we receive from them may not be accurate or complete and therefore we may not have all the relevant facts
necessary to properly assess and monitor our funds’ investment in a particular hedge fund.    Our asset management activities involve
investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of our principal investments.  
 Many of our investment funds invest in securities that are not publicly traded. In many cases, our investment funds may be prohibited by
contract or by applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. Our investment funds will generally not be able to sell these securities publicly unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or
unless an exemption from such registration is available. The ability of many of our investment funds, particularly our BCP funds, to dispose of investments is heavily dependent on the public equity markets. For example, the ability to realize any
value from an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such investment is held. Even if the securities are publicly traded, large holdings of securities can often be disposed of
only over a substantial length of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the intended disposition period. Moreover, because the investment strategy of many of our funds, particularly our private
equity funds, often entails our having representation on our funds’ public portfolio company boards, our funds may be restricted in their ability to effect such sales during certain time periods. Accordingly, under certain conditions, our
investment funds may be forced to either sell securities at lower prices than they had expected to realize or defer — potentially for a considerable period of time — sales that they had planned to make. We have made and expect to continue
to make significant principal investments in our current and future investment funds. Contributing capital to these investment funds is risky, and we may lose some or the entire principal amount of our investments.  
 We have engaged in large-sized investments, which involve certain complexities and risks that are not encountered in small- and medium-sized
investments.    Our BCP and BREP funds have invested and plan to continue to invest in large transactions. The size of
these investments involves certain complexities and risks that are not encountered in small- and medium-sized  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
investments. For example, larger transactions may be more difficult to finance, and exiting larger deals may present challenges in many cases. In addition, larger transactions may entail greater
scrutiny by regulators, labor unions and other third parties.    Larger transactions may be structured as “consortium
transactions” due to the size of the investment and the amount of capital required to be invested. A consortium transaction involves an equity investment in which two or more private equity firms serve together or collectively as equity
sponsors. We participated in a significant number of consortium transactions in prior years due to the increased size of many of the transactions in which we were involved. Consortium transactions generally entail a reduced level of control by
Blackstone over the investment because governance rights must be shared with the other private equity investors. Accordingly, we may not be able to control decisions relating to the investment, including decisions relating to the management and
operation of the company and the timing and nature of any exit, which could result in the risks described in “— Our investment funds make investments in companies that we do not control.”  
 Any of these factors could increase the risk that our larger investments could be less successful. The consequences to our investment
funds of an unsuccessful larger investment could be more severe given the size of the investment.    We often pursue investment
opportunities that involve business, regulatory, legal or other complexities.    As an element of our investment style,
we may pursue unusually complex investment opportunities. This can often take the form of substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity that would deter other investment managers. Our tolerance for complexity presents risks, as such
transactions can be more difficult, expensive and time-consuming to finance and execute; it can be more difficult to manage or realize value from the assets acquired in such transactions; and such transactions sometimes entail a higher level of
regulatory scrutiny or a greater risk of contingent liabilities. Any of these risks could harm the performance of our funds.    Our
investment funds make investments in companies that we do not control.    Investments by most of our investment funds
will include debt instruments and equity securities of companies that we do not control. Such instruments and securities may be acquired by our investment funds through trading activities or through purchases of securities from the issuer. In
addition, our private equity and real estate funds may acquire minority equity interests (particularly in consortium transactions, as described in “— We have engaged in large-sized investments, which involve certain complexities and risks
that are not encountered in small- and medium-sized investments”) and may also dispose of a portion of their majority equity investments in portfolio companies over time in a manner that results in the investment funds retaining a minority
investment. Those investments will be subject to the risk that the company in which the investment is made may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or that the majority stakeholders or the management of the
company may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. If any of the foregoing were to occur, the values of investments by our investment funds could decrease and our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flow could suffer as a result.    We expect to make investments in companies that are based outside of the United States, which may
expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in companies that are based in the United States.  
 Many of our investment funds generally invest a significant portion of their assets in the equity, debt, loans or other securities of
issuers located outside the United States, and we expect that international investments will increase as a proportion of certain of our funds’ portfolios in the future. Investments in non-U.S. securities involve certain factors not typically
associated with investing in U.S. securities, including risks relating to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income
from one currency into another,  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   less developed or efficient financial markets than in the United States, which may lead to potential price volatility and relative illiquidity,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision
and regulation,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in laws or clarifications to existing laws that could impact our tax treaty positions, which could adversely impact the returns on our
investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a less developed legal or regulatory environment, differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   heightened exposure to corruption risk in non-U.S. markets,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   political hostility to investments by foreign or private equity investors,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reliance on a more limited number of commodity inputs, service providers and/or distribution mechanisms,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   higher rates of inflation,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   higher transaction costs,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fewer investor protections and less publicly available information in respect of companies in non-U.S. markets,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   certain economic and political risks, including potential exchange control regulations and restrictions on our non-U.S. investments and repatriation of
profits on investments or of capital invested, the risks of political, economic or social instability, the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse economic and political developments, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possible imposition of non-U.S. taxes or withholding on income and gains recognized with respect to such securities.  
 There can be no assurance that adverse developments with respect to such risks will not adversely affect our assets that are held in
certain countries or the returns from these assets.    We may not have sufficient cash to pay back “clawback” obligations if and
when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.    If, at the end of the life of a carry fund
(or earlier with respect to certain of our real estate funds, real estate debt funds and certain multi-asset class and/or opportunistic investment funds), as a result of diminished performance of later investments in any carry fund’s life, the
carry fund has not achieved investment returns that (in most cases) exceed the preferred return threshold or (in all cases) the general partner receives in excess of 20% (10% to 15% in the case of certain of our credit-focused and real estate debt
carry funds, certain of our secondary funds of funds and certain multi-asset class investment funds) the fund’s net profits over the life of the fund, we will be obligated to repay an amount equal to the extent to which carried interest that
was previously distributed to us exceeds the amounts to which we are ultimately entitled on an after tax basis. This obligation is known as a clawback obligation and is an obligation of any person who directly received such carried interest,
including us and our employees who participate in our carried interest plans. Although a portion of any distributions by us to our unitholders may include any carried interest received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback
obligation by seeking to have our unitholders return any portion of such distributions attributable to carried interest associated with any clawback obligation. To the extent we are required to fulfill a clawback obligation, however, our general
partner may determine to decrease the amount of our distributions to common unitholders. The clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund’s own net investment performance only and performance of other funds are not netted for
determining this contingent obligation.  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Adverse economic conditions may increase the likelihood that one or more of our carry funds
may be subject to clawback obligations upon the end of their respective lives (or earlier with respect to certain of our real estate funds, real estate debt funds and certain multi-asset class and/or opportunistic investment funds). To the extent
one or more clawback obligations were to occur for any one or more carry funds, we might not have available cash at the time such clawback obligation is triggered to repay the carried interest and satisfy such obligation. If we were unable to repay
such carried interest, we would be in breach of the governing agreements with our investors and could be subject to liability. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the
extent another recipient of carried interest (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share, then we and our employees who participate in such carried interest plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally an
additional 50-67%) beyond what we actually received in carried interest, although we retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those carried interest recipients who fail to fund their obligations.
   Investments by our investment funds will in most cases rank junior to investments made by others.  
 In most cases, the companies in which our investment funds invest will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to
incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our investment. By their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on
which payments are to be made in respect of our investment. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment
would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investment. After repaying senior security holders, the company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect
of our investment. To the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Also, during periods of
financial distress or following an insolvency, the ability of our investment funds to influence a company’s affairs and to take actions to protect their investments may be substantially less than that of the senior creditors.  
 Investors in our hedge funds may redeem their investments in these funds. In addition, the investment management agreements related to our
separately managed accounts may permit the investor to terminate our management of such account on short notice. Lastly, investors in our other investment funds have the right to cause these investment funds to be dissolved. Any of these events
would lead to a decrease in our revenues, which could be substantial.    Investors in our hedge funds may generally
redeem their investments on an annual, semi-annual or quarterly basis following the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn, subject to the applicable fund’s specific redemption provisions. In a declining
market, many hedge funds, including some of our hedge funds, may experience declines in value, and the pace of redemptions and consequent reduction in our assets under management could accelerate. Such declines in value may be both provoked and
exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. To the extent appropriate and permissible under a fund’s constituent documents, we may limit or suspend redemptions during a redemption period, which may have a reputational impact on
us. See “— Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.” The decrease in revenues that would result from significant redemptions in our hedge funds could have a material adverse effect on our business,
revenues, net income and cash flows.    We currently manage a significant portion of investor assets through separately managed
accounts whereby we earn management and incentive fees, and we intend to continue to seek additional separately managed account mandates. The investment management agreements we enter into in connection with managing separately managed accounts on
behalf of certain clients may be terminated by such clients on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In addition, the boards of directors of the investment management companies we manage, or the adviser in respect of the registered
business development company we sub-advise, could terminate our advisory engagement of those  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
companies, on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In the case of any such terminations, the management and incentive fees we earn in connection with managing such account or company
would immediately cease, which could result in a significant adverse impact on our revenues.    The governing agreements of all
of our investment funds (with the exception of certain of our funds of hedge funds) provide that, subject to certain conditions, third party investors in those funds will have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the
liquidation date of the investment fund without cause by a simple majority vote, resulting in a reduction in management fees we would earn from such investment funds and a significant reduction in the amounts of total carried interest and incentive
fees from those funds. Carried interest and incentive fees could be significantly reduced as a result of our inability to maximize the value of investments by an investment fund during the liquidation process or in the event of the triggering of a
“clawback” obligation. Finally, the applicable funds would cease to exist. In addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our investment funds do not meet
specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote in accordance with
specified procedures, accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an investor-by-investor basis, or the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and the vote of a simple majority of investors is required to restart it. In
addition, the governing agreements of some of our investment funds provide that investors have the right to terminate, for any reason, the investment period by a vote of 75% of the investors in such fund. In addition to having a significant negative
impact on our revenue, net income and cash flow, the occurrence of such an event with respect to any of our investment funds would likely result in significant reputational damage to us.  
 In addition, because all of our investment funds have advisers that are registered under the Advisers Act, the management agreements of
all of our investment funds would be terminated upon an “assignment,” without investor consent, of these agreements, which may be deemed to occur in the event these advisers were to experience a change of control. We cannot be certain that
consents required for assignments of our investment management agreements will be obtained if a change of control occurs. In addition, with respect to our 1940 Act registered funds, each investment fund’s investment management agreement must be
approved annually by the independent members of such investment fund’s board of directors and, in certain cases, by its stockholders, as required by law. Termination of these agreements would cause us to lose the fees we earn from such
investment funds.    Third party investors in our investment funds with commitment-based structures may not satisfy their contractual
obligation to fund capital calls when requested by us, which could adversely affect a fund’s operations and performance.    Investors in all of our carry funds (and certain of our hedge funds) make capital commitments to those funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We
depend on investors fulfilling their commitments when we call capital from them in order for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay their obligations (for example, management fees) when due. A default by an investor may also limit a
fund’s availability to incur borrowings and avail itself of what would otherwise have been available credit. We have not had investors fail to honor capital calls to any meaningful extent. Any investor that did not fund a capital call would
generally be subject to several possible penalties, including having a significant amount of its existing investment forfeited in that fund. However, the impact of the penalty is directly correlated to the amount of capital previously invested by
the investor in the fund and if an investor has invested little or no capital, for instance early in the life of the fund, then the forfeiture penalty may not be as meaningful. Investors may also negotiate for lesser or reduced penalties at the
outset of the fund, thereby inhibiting our ability to enforce the funding of a capital call. Third-party investors in private equity, real estate and venture capital funds typically use distributions from prior investments to meet future capital
calls. In cases where valuations of investors’ existing investments fall and the pace of distributions slows, investors may be unable to make new commitments to third-party managed investment funds such as those advised by us. If investors were
to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, the operation and performance of those funds could be materially and adversely affected.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address
certain regulatory requirements may reduce the synergies across our various businesses.    Because of our various lines
of asset management businesses and our capital markets services business, we will be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest and subject to greater regulatory oversight than that to which we would otherwise be subject if we
had just one line of business. In addressing these conflicts and regulatory requirements across our various businesses, we have implemented certain policies and procedures (for example, information walls) that may reduce the positive synergies that
we cultivate across these businesses. For example, we may come into possession of material non-public information with respect to issuers in which we may be considering making an investment. As a consequence, we may be precluded from providing such
information or other ideas to our other businesses that might be of benefit to them.    Our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts
of interest in our investment business could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses.    As we have
expanded and as we continue to expand the number and scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our funds’ investment activities. A decision to acquire material non-public information about a
company while pursuing an investment opportunity for a particular fund gives rise to a potential conflict of interest when it results in our having to restrict the ability of other funds to take any action. Certain of our funds may have overlapping
investment objectives, including funds that have different fee structures, and potential conflicts may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate investment opportunities among those funds. For example, we may allocate an
investment opportunity that is appropriate for two or more investment funds in a manner that excludes one or more funds or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that we determine, such as sourcing of the transaction,
the relative amounts of capital available for investment in each fund, the nature and extent of involvement in the transaction on the part of the respective teams of investment professionals dedicated to the respective funds and other considerations
deemed relevant by us. In addition, the challenge of allocating investment opportunities to certain funds may be exacerbated as we expand our business to include more public vehicles. We may also cause different private equity funds to invest in a
single portfolio company, for example where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest. We may also cause different funds that we manage to purchase different classes of securities in the same portfolio
company. For example, one of our CLO funds could acquire a debt security issued by the same company in which one of our private equity funds owns common equity securities. A direct conflict of interest could arise between the debt holders and the
equity holders if such a company were to develop insolvency concerns, and that conflict would have to be carefully managed by us. In addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our investments and regarding decisions about the
allocation of specific investment opportunities among us and our funds and the allocation of fees and costs among us, our funds and their portfolio companies. Lastly, in certain, infrequent instances we may purchase an investment alongside one of
our investment funds or sell an investment to one of our investment funds and conflicts may arise in respect of the allocation, pricing and timing of such investments and the ultimate disposition of such investments. To the extent we failed to
appropriately deal with any such conflicts, it could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional funds or result in potential litigation against us.    Risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our funds’ investments.    When managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our funds) from time to time use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other
strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments, including changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and
commodity prices. The success of any hedging or other derivative transactions generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of correlation between price movements of a derivative instrument, the position being
hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors. As a result, while we may enter into a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, the transaction may result in poorer overall investment performance than if it
had not been executed. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  While such hedging arrangements may reduce certain risks, such arrangements themselves may
entail certain other risks. These arrangements may require the posting of cash collateral at a time when a fund has insufficient cash or illiquid assets such that the posting of the cash is either impossible or requires the sale of assets at prices
that do not reflect their underlying value. Moreover, these hedging arrangements may generate significant transaction costs, including potential tax costs, that reduce the returns generated by a fund. Finally, the CFTC has made several public
statements that it may soon issue a proposal for certain foreign exchange products to be subject to mandatory clearing, which could increase the cost of entering into currency hedges.    Our real estate funds are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and the construction and development of real estate.  
 Investments in our real estate funds will be subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate
related businesses and assets, including the deterioration of real estate fundamentals. These risks include, but are not limited to, those associated with the burdens of ownership of real property, general and local economic conditions, changes in
supply of and demand for competing properties in an area (as a result, for instance, of overbuilding), fluctuations in the average occupancy and room rates for hotel properties, operating income, the financial resources of tenants, changes in
building, environmental, zoning and other laws, casualty or condemnation losses, energy and supply shortages, various uninsured or uninsurable risks, natural disasters, changes in government regulations (such as rent control), changes in real
property tax rates, changes in interest rates, the reduced availability of mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, increased mortgage defaults, increases in borrowing rates, negative
developments in the economy that depress travel activity, environmental liabilities, contingent liabilities on disposition of assets, acts of god, terrorist attacks, war and other factors that are beyond our control. In addition, if our real estate
funds acquire direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property, which may often be non-income producing, they will be subject to the risks normally associated with such assets and development activities, including
risks relating to the availability and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory or environmental approvals, the cost and timely completion of construction (including risks beyond the control of our fund, such as weather or labor conditions or
material shortages) and the availability of both construction and permanent financing on favorable terms. In addition, our real estate funds may also make investments in residential real estate projects and/or otherwise participate in financing
opportunities relating to residential real estate assets or portfolios thereof from time to time, which may be more highly susceptible to adverse changes in prevailing economic and/or market conditions and present additional risks relative to the
ownership and operation of commercial real estate assets.    Certain of our investment funds may invest in securities of companies that
are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, including companies involved in bankruptcy or other reorganization and liquidation proceedings. Such investments are subject to a greater risk of poor performance or loss.
   Certain of our investment funds, especially our credit-focused funds, may invest in business enterprises involved in
work-outs, liquidations, spin-offs, reorganizations, bankruptcies and similar transactions and may purchase high-risk receivables. An investment in such business enterprises entails the risk that the transaction in which such business enterprise is
involved either will be unsuccessful, will take considerable time or will result in a distribution of cash or a new security the value of which will be less than the purchase price to the fund of the security or other financial instrument in respect
of which such distribution is received. In addition, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, the fund may be required to sell its investment at a loss. Investments in troubled companies may also be adversely affected by U.S. federal
and state laws relating to, among other things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability and a bankruptcy court’s discretionary power to disallow, subordinate or disenfranchise particular claims. Investments in securities
and private claims of troubled companies made in connection with an attempt to influence a restructuring proposal or plan of reorganization in a bankruptcy case may also involve substantial litigation. Because there is substantial uncertainty
concerning the outcome of transactions involving financially troubled companies, there is a potential risk of loss by a fund of its entire investment in such company. Moreover, a major economic recession could have a materially adverse impact on the
value of such securities. Adverse publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may also decrease the value and liquidity of securities rated below investment grade or otherwise adversely affect
 
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
our reputation. In addition, in a recent 2013 federal Circuit Court case, the Court determined that a private equity fund could be liable for ERISA Title IV pension obligations (including
withdrawal liability incurred with respect to union multiemployer plans) of its portfolio companies, if such fund is a “trade or business” and the fund’s ownership interest in the portfolio company is significant enough to bring the
portfolio company within its “controlled group.” While a number of cases have held that managing investments is not a “trade or business” for tax purposes, the Circuit Court in this case concluded the a private equity fund could
be a “trade or business” for ERISA purposes based on certain factors, including the fund’s level of involvement in the management of its portfolio companies and the nature of its management fee arrangements. The Circuit Court case did
not conclude whether the fund in question and its portfolio companies were part of the same “controlled group.”    Certain of
our fund investments may be concentrated in certain asset types or in a geographic region, which could exacerbate any negative performance of those funds to the extent those concentrated investments perform poorly.  
 The governing agreements of our investment funds contain only limited investment restrictions and only limited requirements as to
diversification of fund investments, either by geographic region or asset type. For example, approximately 70% of the investments of our real estate funds (based on fair values as of December 31, 2015) are in office building, hotel and shopping
center assets. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns in these sectors, the decreased revenues, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs experienced by our real estate funds may be exacerbated by
this concentration of investments, which would result in lower investment returns for our real estate funds.    Investments by our funds
in the power and energy industries involve various operational, construction, regulatory and market risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.  
 The development, operation and maintenance of power and energy generation facilities involves many risks, including, as applicable, labor
issues, start-up risks, breakdown or failure of facilities, lack of sufficient capital to maintain the facilities, the dependence on a specific fuel source, volatility in the price of fuel sources, or the impact of unusual or adverse weather
conditions or other natural events, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability, the occurrence of any of which could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses. In turn, such developments
could impair a portfolio company’s ability to repay its debt or conduct its operations. We may also choose or be required to decommission a power generation facility or other asset. The decommissioning process could be protracted and result in
the incurrence of significant financial and/or regulatory obligations or other uncertainties.    Our power and energy sector
portfolio companies may also face construction risks typical for power generation and related infrastructure businesses. Such developments could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent
completion of construction activities once undertaken. Delays in the completion of any power project may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher operation and maintenance costs related to such portfolio company.  
 The power and energy sectors are the subject of substantial and complex laws, rules and regulation by various federal and state
regulatory agencies. Failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations could result in the prevention of operation of certain facilities or the prevention of the sale of such a facility to a third party, as well as the loss of certain
rate authority, refund liability, penalties and other remedies, all of which could result in additional costs to a portfolio company and adversely affect the investment results.  
 Our businesses that invest in the energy industry also focus on investments in businesses involved in oil and gas exploration and
development, which can be a speculative business involving a high degree of risk, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the use of new technologies, including hydraulic fracturing,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reliance on estimates of oil and gas reserves in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir,
and  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   encountering unexpected formations or pressures, premature declines of reservoirs, blow-outs, equipment failures and other accidents in completing
wells and otherwise, cratering, sour gas releases, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, adverse weather conditions, pollution, fires, spills and other environmental risks.  
 In addition, the performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also
subject to a high degree of market risk, as such investments are likely to be, directly or indirectly substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil, natural gas and other commodities. Oil and natural gas prices are subject to wide
fluctuation in response to factors beyond the control of us or our portfolio companies, including relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, the level of consumer product demand, weather
conditions, governmental regulation, the price and availability of alternative fuels, political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, foreign supply of such commodities and overall domestic and foreign economic conditions. These
factors make it difficult to predict future commodity price movements with any certainty.    The financial projections of our portfolio
companies could prove inaccurate.    Our funds generally establish the capital structure of portfolio companies on the
basis of financial projections prepared by the management of such portfolio companies. These projected operating results will normally be based primarily on judgments of the management of the portfolio companies. In all cases, projections are only
estimates of future results that are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. General economic conditions, which are not predictable, along with other factors may cause actual performance to fall short of the
financial projections that were used to establish a given portfolio company’s capital structure. Because of the leverage we typically employ in our investments, this could cause a substantial decrease in the value of our equity holdings in the
portfolio company. The inaccuracy of financial projections could thus cause our funds’ performance to fall short of our expectations.  
 Contingent liabilities could harm fund performance.    We may cause our funds to acquire an investment that is subject to contingent liabilities. Such contingent liabilities could be unknown to us at the time of acquisition or, if they are known to us, we may
not accurately assess or protect against the risks that they present. Acquired contingent liabilities could thus result in unforeseen losses for our funds. In addition, in connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company, a
fund may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of such portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. A fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such
investment to the extent that any such representations are inaccurate. These arrangements may result in the incurrence of contingent liabilities by a fund, even after the disposition of an investment. Accordingly, the inaccuracy of representations
and warranties made by a fund could harm such fund’s performance.    Our funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a
disadvantageous time.    Our funds may make investments that they do not advantageously dispose of prior to the date the
applicable fund is dissolved, either by expiration of such fund’s term or otherwise. Although we generally expect that investments will be disposed of prior to dissolution or be suitable for in-kind distribution at dissolution, and the general
partners of the funds have only a limited ability to extend the term of the fund with the consent of fund investors or the advisory board of the fund, as applicable, our funds may have to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of investments at a
disadvantageous time as a result of dissolution. This would result in a lower than expected return on the investments and, perhaps, on the fund itself.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.  
 Investments by our funds of hedge funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our credit-focused and real estate debt hedge
funds, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Certain of the funds are newly established funds without any operating history or are managed by management companies or general partners who may not
have as significant track records as an independent manager.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Generally, there are few limitations on the execution of the hedge funds’ investment strategies, which are subject to the sole discretion of the
management company or the general partner of such funds.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds may engage in short selling, which is subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss because there is no limit on how much the price
of a security may appreciate before the short position is closed out. A fund may be subject to losses if a security lender demands return of the lent securities and an alternative lending source cannot be found or if the fund is otherwise unable to
borrow securities that are necessary to hedge its positions.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds are exposed to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute
over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity problem, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. Counterparty risk is accentuated for contracts with longer maturities where events may intervene to
prevent settlement, or where the fund has concentrated its transactions with a single or small group of counterparties. Generally, hedge funds are not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their
transactions with one counterparty. Moreover, the funds’ internal consideration of the creditworthiness of their counterparties may prove insufficient. The absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement may increase the potential for
losses.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit risk may arise through a default by one of several large institutions that are dependent on one another to meet their liquidity or operational
needs, so that a default by one institution causes a series of defaults by the other institutions. This “systemic risk” may adversely affect the financial intermediaries (such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms
and exchanges) with which the hedge funds interact on a daily basis.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The efficacy of investment and trading strategies depend largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination
of financial instruments. A hedge fund’s trading orders may not be executed in a timely and efficient manner due to various circumstances, including systems failures or human error. In such event, the funds might only be able to acquire some
but not all of the components of the position, or if the overall position were to need adjustment, the funds might not be able to make such adjustment. As a result, the funds would not be able to achieve the market position selected by the
management company or general partner of such funds, and might incur a loss in liquidating their position.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds are subject to risks due to potential illiquidity of assets. Hedge funds may make investments or hold trading positions in markets that are
volatile and which may become illiquid. Timely divestiture or sale of trading positions can be impaired by decreased trading volume, increased price volatility, concentrated trading positions, limitations on the ability to transfer positions in
highly specialized or structured transactions to which they may be a party, and changes in industry and government regulations. It may be impossible or costly for hedge funds to liquidate positions rapidly in order to meet margin calls, withdrawal
requests or otherwise, particularly if there are other market participants seeking to dispose of similar assets at the same time or the relevant market is otherwise moving against a position or in the event of trading halts or daily price movement
limits on the market or otherwise. Moreover, these risks may be exacerbated for our funds of hedge funds. For example, if one of our funds of hedge funds were to invest a significant portion of its assets in two or more hedge funds that each had
illiquid positions in the same issuer, the illiquidity risk for our funds of hedge funds would be compounded. For example, in 2008 many hedge funds, including some of our hedge funds, experienced significant declines in value. In many
 
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
cases, these declines in value were both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. Moreover, certain of our funds of hedge funds were invested in third party hedge
funds that halted redemptions in the face of illiquidity and other issues, which precluded those funds of hedge funds from receiving their capital back on request.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge fund investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are
highly volatile and may be subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances, including if the fund writes a call option. Price movements of commodities, futures and options contracts and payments pursuant to swap
agreements are influenced by, among other things, interest rates, changing supply and demand relationships, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies of governments and national and international political and economic
events and policies. The value of futures, options and swap agreements also depends upon the price of the commodities underlying them. In addition, hedge funds’ assets are subject to the risk of the failure of any of the exchanges on which
their positions trade or of their clearinghouses or counterparties. Most U.S. commodities exchanges limit fluctuations in certain commodity interest prices during a single day by imposing “daily price fluctuation limits” or “daily
limits,” the existence of which may reduce liquidity or effectively curtail trading in particular markets.    We
are subject to risks in using prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents.    Many of our
funds depend on the services of prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents to carry out certain securities and derivatives transactions. The terms of these contracts are often customized and complex, and many of these
arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are not subject to regulatory oversight, although the Dodd-Frank Act provides for new regulation of the derivatives market. In particular, some of our funds utilize prime brokerage
arrangements with a relatively limited number of counterparties, which has the effect of concentrating the transaction volume (and related counterparty default risk) of these funds with these counterparties.  
 Our funds are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily,
on its performance under the contract. Any such default may occur suddenly and without notice to us. Moreover, if a counterparty defaults, we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either because we lack contractual recourse or because
market conditions make it difficult to take effective action. This inability could occur in times of market stress, which is when defaults are most likely to occur.    In addition, our risk-management models may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not have taken sufficient action to reduce
our risks effectively. Default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other
participants, which may in turn expose us to significant losses.    Although we have risk-management models and processes to
ensure that we are not exposed to a single counterparty for significant periods of time, given the large number and size of our funds, we often have large positions with a single counterparty. For example, most of our funds have credit lines. If the
lender under one or more of those credit lines were to become insolvent, we may have difficulty replacing the credit line and one or more of our funds may face liquidity problems.  
 In the event of a counterparty default, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty to a significant
number of our contracts, one or more of our funds may have outstanding trades that they cannot settle or are delayed in settling. As a result, these funds could incur material losses and the resulting market impact of a major counterparty default
could harm our businesses, results of operation and financial condition.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In the event of the insolvency of a prime broker, custodian, counterparty or any other party
that is holding assets of our funds as collateral, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s unsecured creditors in relation to the
assets held as collateral. In addition, our funds’ cash held with a prime broker, custodian or counterparty generally will not be segregated from the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s own cash, and our funds may
therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. If our derivatives transactions are cleared through a derivatives clearing organization, the CFTC has issued final rules regulating the segregation and protection of collateral posted by
customers of cleared and uncleared swaps. The CFTC is also working to provide new guidance regarding prime broker arrangements and intermediation generally with regard to trading on swap execution facilities.  
 The counterparty risks that we face have increased in complexity and magnitude as a result of disruption in the financial markets in
recent years. For example, the consolidation and elimination of counterparties has increased our concentration of counterparty risk and decreased the universe of potential counterparties, and our funds are generally not restricted from dealing with
any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. In addition, counterparties have generally reacted to recent market volatility by tightening their underwriting standards and increasing their
margin requirements for all categories of financing, which has the result of decreasing the overall amount of leverage available and increasing the costs of borrowing.    Underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks.    We act as an underwriter in securities offerings through our capital markets services business. We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to
sell securities we purchased as an underwriter at the anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, we also are subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we
underwrite.    Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure    Our common unitholders do not elect our general partner or vote on our general partner’s directors and have limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business.  
 Our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is owned by our senior managing directors, manages all of our operations
and activities. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. has a board of directors that is responsible for the oversight of our business and operations. Our general partner’s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability
company agreement, where our senior managing directors have agreed that our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of our general partner. The limited liability company agreement of our general
partner provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founder, Hamilton E. James will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of our general partner, and thereafter such power will revert to the
members of our general partner (our senior managing directors) holding a majority in interest in our general partner.    Our
common unitholders do not elect our general partner or its board of directors and, unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore limited ability to influence
decisions regarding our business. Furthermore, if our common unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, they have little ability to remove our general partner. Our general partner may not be removed unless that removal
is approved by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the voting power of our outstanding common units and special voting units (including common units and special voting units held by the general partner and its affiliates) and we
receive an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability matters. As of December 31, 2015, Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an entity wholly owned by our personnel and others who are limited partners, had 49.5% of the voting power of The Blackstone
Group L.P. limited partners. Therefore, our senior managing directors have the ability to remove or block any removal of our general partner and thus control The Blackstone Group L.P.  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Blackstone personnel collectively own a controlling interest in us and will be able to determine the
outcome of those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners.    Our senior managing directors
generally have sufficient voting power to determine the outcome of those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners of The Blackstone Group L.P., including any attempt to remove our general partner.  
 Our common unitholders’ voting rights are further restricted by the provision in our partnership agreement stating that any common
units held by a person that beneficially owns 20% or more of any class of The Blackstone Group L.P. common units then outstanding (other than our general partner and its affiliates, or a direct or subsequently approved transferee of our general
partner or its affiliates) cannot be voted on any matter. In addition, our partnership agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of our common unitholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our operations, as well as other
provisions limiting the ability of our common unitholders to influence the manner or direction of our management. Our partnership agreement also does not restrict our general partner’s ability to take actions that may result in our being
treated as an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal (and applicable state) income tax purposes. Furthermore, the common unitholders are not entitled to dissenters’ rights of appraisal under our partnership agreement or applicable
Delaware law in the event of a merger or consolidation, a sale of substantially all of our assets or any other transaction or event. In addition, we have the right to acquire all of our then-outstanding common units if not more than 10% of our
common units are held by persons other than our general partner and its affiliates.    As a result of these matters and the
provisions referred to under “— Our common unitholders do not elect our general partner or vote on our general partner’s directors and have limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business,” our common unitholders
may be deprived of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common units in the future through a sale of The Blackstone Group L.P., and the trading prices of our common units may be adversely affected by the absence or reduction of a takeover
premium in the trading price.    We are a limited partnership and as a result fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and
other requirements under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange.    We are a limited partnership and fall within
exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Pursuant to these exceptions, limited partnerships may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the New
York Stock Exchange, including the requirements (a) that a majority of the board of directors of our general partner consist of independent directors, (b) that we have a nominating/corporate governance committee that is composed entirely
of independent directors (c) that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, and (d) that the compensation committee be required to consider certain independence factors when engaging compensation
consultants, legal counsel and other committee advisers. In addition, we are not required to hold annual meetings of our common unitholders. We will continue to avail ourselves of these exceptions. Accordingly, common unitholders generally do not
have the same protections afforded to equityholders of entities that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange.    Potential conflicts of interest may arise among our general partner, its affiliates and us. Our general partner and its affiliates have limited fiduciary duties to us and our common unitholders,
which may permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of us and our common unitholders.    Conflicts of
interest may arise among our general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us and our common unitholders, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its
affiliates over the interests of our common unitholders. These conflicts include, among others, the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines the amount and timing of our investments and dispositions, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests
and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to our common unitholders,  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of
limiting its duties (including fiduciary duties) to our common unitholders. For example, our subsidiaries that serve as the general partners of our investment funds have fiduciary and contractual obligations to the investors in those funds, as a
result of which we expect to regularly take actions that might adversely affect our near-term results of operations or cash flow,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   because our senior managing directors hold their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units directly or through entities that are not subject to corporate
income taxation and The Blackstone Group L.P. holds Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units through wholly owned subsidiaries, some of which are subject to corporate income taxation, conflicts may arise between our senior managing directors and The
Blackstone Group L.P. relating to the selection and structuring of investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other than as set forth in the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors are subject, which may not be
enforceable, affiliates of our general partner and existing and former personnel employed by our general partner are not prohibited from engaging in other businesses or activities, including those that might be in direct competition with us,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner has limited its liability and reduced or eliminated its duties (including fiduciary duties) under the partnership agreement, while
also restricting the remedies available to our common unitholders for actions that, without these limitations, might constitute breaches of duty (including fiduciary duty). In addition, we have agreed to indemnify our general partner and its
affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by law, except with respect to conduct involving bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct. By purchasing our common units, common unitholders will have agreed and consented to the provisions set forth in our
partnership agreement, including the provisions regarding conflicts of interest situations that, in the absence of such provisions, might constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our partnership agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered, or from entering
into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf, so long as the terms of any such additional contractual arrangements are fair and reasonable to us as determined under the partnership agreement,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines how much debt we incur and that decision may adversely affect our credit ratings,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines which costs incurred by it and its affiliates are reimbursable by us,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by it and its affiliates, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us.  
 See “Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence” and
“Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance — Partnership Management and Governance — Conflicts Committee.”    Our partnership agreement contains provisions that reduce or eliminate duties (including fiduciary duties) of our general partner and limit remedies available to common unitholders for actions that
might otherwise constitute a breach of duty. It will be difficult for a common unitholder to successfully challenge a resolution of a conflict of interest by our general partner or by its conflicts committee.  
 Our partnership agreement contains provisions that waive or consent to conduct by our general partner and its affiliates that might
otherwise raise issues about compliance with fiduciary duties or applicable law. For example, our partnership agreement provides that when our general partner is acting in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our general
partner, it may act without any fiduciary obligations to us or our common unitholders whatsoever. When our general partner, in its capacity as our general partner, is permitted to or required to make a
 
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
decision in its “sole discretion” or “discretion” or that it deems “necessary or appropriate” or “necessary or advisable,” then our general partner is
entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and has no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us or any limited partners and
will not be subject to any different standards imposed by the partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. These modifications of fiduciary duties are expressly permitted by
Delaware law. Hence, we and our common unitholders only have recourse and are able to seek remedies against our general partner if our general partner breaches its obligations pursuant to our partnership agreement. Unless our general partner
breaches its obligations pursuant to our partnership agreement, we and our common unitholders do not have any recourse against our general partner even if our general partner were to act in a manner that was inconsistent with traditional fiduciary
duties. Furthermore, even if there has been a breach of the obligations set forth in our partnership agreement, our partnership agreement provides that our general partner and its officers and directors are not liable to us or our common unitholders
for errors of judgment or for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the general partner or its officers and directors acted in bad faith or engaged in
fraud or willful misconduct. These modifications are detrimental to the common unitholders because they restrict the remedies available to common unitholders for actions that without those limitations might constitute breaches of duty (including
fiduciary duty).    Whenever a potential conflict of interest exists between us and our general partner, our general partner may
resolve such conflict of interest. If our general partner determines that its resolution of the conflict of interest is on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or is fair and
reasonable to us, taking into account the totality of the relationships between us and our general partner, then it will be presumed that in making this determination, our general partner acted in good faith. A common unitholder seeking to challenge
this resolution of the conflict of interest would bear the burden of overcoming such presumption. This is different from the situation with Delaware corporations, where a conflict resolution by an interested party would be presumed to be unfair and
the interested party would have the burden of demonstrating that the resolution was fair.    Also, if our general partner
obtains the approval of the conflicts committee of our general partner, the resolution will be conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us and not a breach by our general partner of any duties it may owe to us or our common unitholders. This
is different from the situation with Delaware corporations, where a conflict resolution by a committee consisting solely of independent directors may, in certain circumstances, merely shift the burden of demonstrating unfairness to the plaintiff.
Common unitholders, in purchasing our common units, are deemed as having consented to the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement, including provisions regarding conflicts of interest situations that, in the absence of such provisions,
might be considered a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law. As a result, common unitholders will, as a practical matter, not be able to successfully challenge an informed decision by the conflicts committee. See “Part
III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance — Partnership Management and Governance — Conflicts Committee.”    The control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party without common unitholder consent.    Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or consolidation without the consent of our common unitholders. Furthermore, at any time, the members of our
general partner may sell or transfer all or part of their limited liability company interests in our general partner without the approval of the common unitholders, subject to certain restrictions as described elsewhere in this annual report. A new
general partner may not be willing or able to form new investment funds and could form funds that have investment objectives and governing terms that differ materially from those of our current investment funds. A new owner could also have a
different investment philosophy, employ investment professionals who are less experienced, be unsuccessful in identifying investment opportunities or have a track record that is not as successful as Blackstone’s track record. If any of the
foregoing were to occur, we could experience difficulty in making new investments, and the value of our existing investments, our business, our results of operations and our financial condition could materially suffer.  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We intend to pay regular distributions to our common unitholders, but our ability to do so may be
limited by cash flow from operations and available liquidity, our holding partnership structure, applicable provisions of Delaware law and contractual restrictions.    Our intention is to distribute quarterly to common unitholders approximately 85% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by
Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and our funds, to comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other
agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter. All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment
of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and may change at any time, including, without limitation, to eliminate such distributions entirely.    The Blackstone Group L.P. is a holding partnership and has no material assets other than the ownership of the partnership units in Blackstone Holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries. The
Blackstone Group L.P. has no independent means of generating revenue. Accordingly, we intend to cause Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, to fund any
distributions The Blackstone Group L.P. may declare on the common units.    Our ability to make cash distributions to our
unitholders will depend on a number of factors, including among others general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our business and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, including
the timing and extent of our realizations, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions,
restrictions and other implications on the payment of distributions by us to our common unitholders or by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our general partner may deem relevant.  
 Under the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to a partner if after the distribution all our liabilities,
other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities for which the recourse of creditors is limited to specific property of the partnership, would exceed the fair value of our assets. If we were to make such
an impermissible distribution, any limited partner who received a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution was in violation of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act would be liable to us for the amount of the
distribution for three years. In addition, the terms of our revolving credit facility or other financing arrangements may from time to time include covenants or other restrictions that could constrain our ability to make distributions.  
 The amortization of finite-lived intangible assets and non-cash equity-based compensation results in substantial expenses that may increase the net
loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income.    As part of the reorganization related to our IPO we acquired interests in our business from our predecessor owners. This transaction has been accounted for partially as a transfer of interests under
common control and partially as an acquisition of non-controlling interests. We accounted for the acquisition of the non-controlling interests using the purchase method of accounting, and reflected the excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of the tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as goodwill and other intangible assets on our statement of financial condition. As of December 31, 2015, we have $345.5 million of finite-lived intangible assets (in addition to
$1.7 billion of goodwill), net of accumulated amortization. These finite-lived intangible assets are from the IPO and other business transactions. We are amortizing these finite-lived intangibles over their estimated useful lives, which range from
three to twenty years, using the straight-line method, with a weighted-average remaining amortization period of 6.4 years as of December 31, 2015. In addition, as part of the reorganization at the time of our IPO, Blackstone personnel received
an aggregate of 827,516,625 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, of which 439,711,537 were unvested. The grant date fair value of the unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
(which was $31) is being charged to expense as the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units vest over the assumed service periods, which range up to eight years, on a straight-line basis. The
amortization of these finite-lived intangible assets and of this non-cash equity-based compensation will increase our expenses substantially during the relevant periods. These expenses may increase the net loss we record in certain periods or cause
us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income.    We are required to pay our senior managing
directors for most of the benefits relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions we may claim as a result of the tax basis step-up we received as part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our IPO or
receive in connection with future exchanges of our common units and related transactions.    As part of the
reorganization we implemented in connection with our IPO, we purchased interests in our business from our pre-IPO owners. In addition, holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned
subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the
exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a one-for-one basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings that otherwise would not have been
available. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that certain of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries that are taxable as corporations
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which we refer to as the “corporate taxpayers,” would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the IRS may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a
challenge.    One of the corporate taxpayers has entered into a tax receivable agreement with our senior managing directors and
other pre-IPO owners that provides for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to the counterparties of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that the corporate taxpayers actually
realize as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. In addition, additional
tax receivable agreements have been executed, and others may continue to be executed, with newly admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who receive Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This payment obligation is an
obligation of the corporate taxpayer and not of Blackstone Holdings. As such, the cash distributions to public common unitholders may vary from holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (held by Blackstone personnel and others) to the extent
payments are made under the tax receivable agreements to selling holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. As the payments reflect actual tax savings received by Blackstone entities, there may be a timing difference between the tax savings
received by Blackstone entities and the cash payments to selling holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. While the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under this agreement, will vary depending
upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of our common units at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of
the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings, the payments that we may make under the tax receivable agreements will be substantial. The payments under a tax receivable agreement are not conditioned
upon a tax receivable agreement counterparty’s continued ownership of us. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the tax receivable agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the tax
receivable agreements as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise.    Although we are not aware of any issue that would
cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, the tax receivable agreement counterparties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances payments to the
counterparties under the tax receivable  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
agreement could be in excess of the corporate taxpayers’ actual cash tax savings. The corporate taxpayers’ ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to
be made under the tax receivable agreements, will depend upon a number of factors, as discussed above, including the timing and amount of our future income.    If The Blackstone Group L.P. were deemed an “investment company” under the 1940 Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and
could have a material adverse effect on our business.    An entity will generally be deemed to be an “investment
company” for purposes of the 1940 Act if: (a) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, or (b) absent an applicable
exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We believe that we are engaged
primarily in the business of providing asset management and capital markets services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is
properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. We hold ourselves out as an asset management and capital markets firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in
securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that The Blackstone Group L.P. is an “orthodox” investment company as defined in section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act and described in clause (a) in the first sentence of this paragraph.
Furthermore, The Blackstone Group L.P. does not have any material assets other than its equity interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries, which in turn will have no material assets (other than intercompany debt) other than general partner
interests in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. These wholly owned subsidiaries are the sole general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and are vested with all management and control over the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. We do
not believe the equity interests of The Blackstone Group L.P. in its wholly owned subsidiaries or the general partner interests of these wholly owned subsidiaries in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships are investment securities. Moreover, because
we believe that the capital interests of the general partners of our funds in their respective funds are neither securities nor investment securities, we believe that less than 40% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s total assets (exclusive of U.S.
government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis are comprised of assets that could be considered investment securities. Accordingly, we do not believe The Blackstone Group L.P. is an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the
40% test in section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act as described in clause (b) in the first sentence of this paragraph. In addition, we believe The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment company under section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 Act because it
is primarily engaged in a non-investment company business.    The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters
for the organization and operation of investment companies. Among other things, the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, generally
prohibit the issuance of options and impose certain governance requirements. We intend to conduct our operations so that The Blackstone Group L.P. will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act. If anything were to happen which
would cause The Blackstone Group L.P. to be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act, requirements imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates (including us) and
ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings and our senior managing
directors, or any combination thereof, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to limit the amount of investments that we make as a principal or otherwise conduct
our business in a manner that does not subject us to the registration and other requirements of the 1940 Act.  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Risks Related to Our Common Units    Our common unit price may decline due to the large number of common units eligible for future sale and for exchange.    The market price of our common units could decline as a result of sales of a large number of common units in the market in the future or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell common units in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. We had a total of 565,216,681 voting common units outstanding as of
February 19, 2016. Subject to the lock-up restrictions described below, we may issue and sell in the future additional common units. Limited partners of Blackstone Holdings owned an aggregate of 543,983,293 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
outstanding as of February 19, 2016. In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an exchange agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned
subsidiaries) so that these holders, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, may up to four times each year
(subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions
and reclassifications. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. The common units we issue upon such exchanges would be
“restricted securities,” as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, unless we register such issuances. However, we have entered into a registration rights agreement with the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings that requires us to
register these common units under the Securities Act and we have filed registration statements that cover the delivery of common units issued upon exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. See “Part III. Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Transactions with Related Persons — Registration Rights Agreement.” While the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and related agreements
contractually restrict the ability of Blackstone personnel to transfer the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or The Blackstone Group L.P. common units they hold and require that they maintain a minimum amount of equity ownership during their
employ by us, these contractual provisions may lapse over time or be waived, modified or amended at any time.    In addition, in
June 2007, we entered into an agreement with Beijing Wonderful Investments, an investment vehicle established and controlled by The People’s Republic of China, pursuant to which we sold to it non-voting common units. Beijing Wonderful
Investments currently owns 59,083,468 non-voting common units. We have agreed to provide Beijing Wonderful Investments with registration rights to effect certain sales.    As of February 19, 2016, we had granted 17,017,802 outstanding deferred restricted common units and 43,166,834 outstanding deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, which are subject
to specified vesting requirements, to our non-senior managing director professionals and senior managing directors under The Blackstone Group L.P. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (“2007 Equity Incentive Plan”). The aggregate number of common
units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan is increased on the first day of each fiscal year during its term by a number of units equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the
aggregate number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year (excluding Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by The Blackstone Group L.P. or its wholly owned
subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of such date (unless the administrator of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan should decide to
increase the number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the plan by a lesser amount). An aggregate of 166,340,808 additional common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units were available for grant under our
2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of February 19, 2016. We have filed a registration statement and intend to file additional registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register common units covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive
Plan (including pursuant to automatic annual increases). Any such Form S-8 registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, common units registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in
the open market.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, our partnership agreement authorizes us to issue an unlimited number of
additional partnership securities and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to partnership securities for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our general partner in its sole discretion without the
approval of any limited partners. In accordance with the Delaware Limited Partnership Act and the provisions of our partnership agreement, we may also issue additional partnership interests that have certain designations, preferences, rights, powers
and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to common units. Similarly, the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners
of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those
applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for our common units.    The market price of our
common units may be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline.    Securities markets worldwide
experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of common units in spite of our operating performance. In addition, our
operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors, and in response the market price of our common units could decrease significantly. You may be unable to resell your common units at or above the price you
paid for them.    Risks Related to United States Taxation    Our structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure also is subject to potential legislative, judicial
or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.    The U.S. federal income tax
treatment of common unitholders depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. The U.S. federal income tax
rules are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or “IRS,” and the U.S. Treasury Department, frequently resulting in revised interpretations of established concepts,
statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. The IRS pays close attention to the proper application of tax laws to partnerships. The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our common
units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time, and any such action may affect investments and commitments previously made. Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof could
make it more difficult or impossible to meet the exception for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is not taxable as a corporation (referred to as the “Qualifying Income Exception”), affect or cause
us to change our investments and commitments, affect the tax considerations of an investment in us, change the character or treatment of portions of our income (including, for instance, the treatment of carried interest as ordinary income rather
than capital gain) and adversely affect an investment in our common units. For example, as discussed above under “— The U.S. Congress has considered legislation that, if enacted, would have (a) for taxable years beginning ten years
after the date of enactment, precluded us from qualifying as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or required us to hold carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations and (b) taxed individual holders of common units
with respect to certain income and gains at increased rates. If any similar legislation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a material increase in our tax liability and a substantial portion of our income could be taxed at a higher
rate to the individual holders of our common units,” the U.S. Congress has considered various legislative proposals to treat all or part of the capital gain and dividend income that is recognized by an investment partnership and allocable to a
partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., a portion of the carried interest) as ordinary income to such partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes.    Our organizational documents and governing agreements permit our general partner to modify our amended and restated limited partnership agreement from time to time, without the consent of the common
unitholders, to  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
address certain changes in U.S. federal income tax regulations, legislation or interpretation. In some circumstances, such revisions could have a material adverse impact on some or all common
unitholders. Moreover, we will apply certain assumptions and conventions in an attempt to comply with applicable rules and to report income, gain, deduction, loss and credit to common unitholders in a manner that reflects such common
unitholders’ beneficial ownership of partnership items, taking into account variation in unitholder ownership interests during each taxable year because of trading activity. More specifically, our allocations of items of taxable income and loss
between transferors and transferees of our units will be determined annually, will be prorated on a monthly basis and will be subsequently apportioned among the unitholders in proportion to the number of units owned by each of them determined as of
the opening of trading of our units on the New York Stock Exchange on the first business day of every month. As a result, a unitholder transferring units may be allocated income, gain, loss and deductions realized after the date of transfer.
However, those assumptions and conventions may not be in compliance with all aspects of applicable tax requirements. It is possible that the IRS will assert successfully that the conventions and assumptions used by us do not satisfy the technical
requirements of the Internal Revenue Code and/or Treasury regulations and could require that items of income, gain, deductions, loss or credit, including interest deductions, be adjusted, reallocated or disallowed in a manner that adversely affects
common unitholders.    If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax or state tax purposes, then our distributions to
our common unitholders would be substantially reduced and the value of our common units would be adversely affected.  
 The value of our common units depends in part on our being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which requires
that 90% or more of our gross income for every taxable year consist of qualifying income, as defined in Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code and that The Blackstone Group L.P. not be registered under the 1940 Act. Qualifying income
generally includes dividends, interest, capital gains from the sale or other disposition of stocks and securities and certain other forms of investment income. We may not meet these requirements or current law may change so as to cause, in either
event, us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax. Moreover, the anticipated after-tax benefit of an investment in our common units depends largely on our being treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We have not requested, and do not plan to request, a ruling from the IRS on this or any other matter affecting us.    If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate. Distributions to our common unitholders
would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to you. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our distributions to our common unitholders would be
substantially reduced, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our common units.    Current law may change,
causing us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal or state income tax purposes or otherwise subjecting us to entity level taxation. See “— The U.S. Congress has considered legislation that, if enacted, would have (a) for
taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, precluded us from qualifying as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or required us to hold carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations and (b) taxed
individual holders of common units with respect to certain income and gains at increased rates. If any similar legislation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a material increase in our tax liability and a substantial portion of our
income could be taxed at a higher rate to the individual holders of our common units.” For example, because of widespread state budget deficits, several states have evaluated ways to subject partnerships to entity level taxation through the
imposition of state income, franchise or other forms of taxation. If any state were to impose a tax upon us as an entity, our distributions to our common unitholders would be reduced.    Our common unitholders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on their share of our taxable income, regardless of whether they receive any cash distributions from us.  
 As long as 90% of our gross income for each taxable year constitutes qualifying income as defined in Section 7704 of the Internal
Revenue Code and we are not required to register as an investment company under the  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
1940 Act on a continuing basis, we will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as a partnership and not as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation.
Accordingly, each unitholder will be required to take into account its allocable share of items of income, gain, loss and deduction of the Partnership. Distributions to a unitholder will generally be taxable to the unitholder for U.S. federal income
tax purposes only to the extent the amount distributed exceeds the unitholder’s tax basis in the unit. That treatment contrasts with the treatment of a shareholder in a corporation. For example, a shareholder in a corporation who receives a
distribution of earnings from the corporation will generally report the distribution as dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In contrast, a holder of our units who receives a distribution of earnings from us will not report the
distribution as dividend income (and will treat the distribution as taxable only to the extent the amount distributed exceeds the unitholder’s tax basis in the units), but will instead report the holder’s allocable share of items of our
income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, our common unitholders may be subject to U.S. federal, state, local and possibly, in some cases, foreign income taxation on their allocable share of our items of income, gain, loss, deduction
and credit (including our allocable share of those items of any entity in which we invest that is treated as a partnership or is otherwise subject to tax on a flow through basis) for each of our taxable years ending with or within your taxable year,
regardless of whether or not a common unitholder receives cash distributions from us.    Our common unitholders may not receive
cash distributions equal to their allocable share of our net taxable income or even the tax liability that results from that income. In addition, certain of our holdings, including holdings, if any, in a Controlled Foreign Corporation, or
“CFC,” and a Passive Foreign Investment Company, or “PFIC,” may produce taxable income prior to the receipt of cash relating to such income, and common unitholders that are U.S. taxpayers will be required to take such income into
account in determining their taxable income. In the event of an inadvertent termination of our partnership status for which the IRS has granted us limited relief, each holder of our common units may be obligated to make such adjustments as the IRS
may require to maintain our status as a partnership. Such adjustments may require persons holding our common units to recognize additional amounts in income during the years in which they hold such units.  
 The Blackstone Group L.P.’s interest in certain of our businesses are held through Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. or Blackstone Holdings IV
GP L.P., which are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes; such corporations may be liable for significant taxes and may create other adverse tax consequences, which could potentially adversely affect the value of your
investment.    In light of the publicly traded partnership rules under U.S. federal income tax law and other
requirements, The Blackstone Group L.P. holds its interest in certain of our businesses through Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. or Blackstone Holdings IV GP L.P., which are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Each such
corporation could be liable for significant U.S. federal income taxes and applicable state, local and other taxes that would not otherwise be incurred, which could adversely affect the value of our common units.  
 Complying with certain tax-related requirements may cause us to invest through foreign or domestic corporations subject to corporate income tax or
enter into acquisitions, borrowings, financings or arrangements we may not have otherwise entered into.    In order for
us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation, we must meet the Qualifying Income Exception discussed above on a continuing basis and we must
not be required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. In order to effect such treatment, we (or our subsidiaries) may be required to invest through foreign or domestic corporations subject to corporate income tax, or enter into
acquisitions, borrowings, financings or other transactions we may not have otherwise entered into. This may adversely affect our ability to operate solely to maximize our cash flow.    Tax gain or loss on disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected.    If a holder of our common units sells the common units it holds, it will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and the adjusted tax basis in those common units.
Prior distributions to such  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
common unitholder in excess of the total net taxable income allocated to such common unitholder, which decreased the tax basis in its common units, will in effect become taxable income to such
common unitholder if the common units are sold at a price greater than such common unitholder’s tax basis in those common units, even if the price is less than the original cost. A portion of the amount realized, whether or not representing
gain, may be ordinary income to such common unitholder.    If we were not to make, or cause to be made, an otherwise available election
under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code to adjust our asset basis or the asset basis of certain of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, a holder of common units could be allocated more taxable income in respect of those common units
prior to disposition than if such an election were made.    We currently do not intend to make, or cause to be made, an
election to adjust asset basis under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to us, Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. If no such election is made, there will generally be no adjustment to the basis of the
assets of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. upon our acquisition of interests in Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. in connection with our initial public offering, or to our assets or to the assets
of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. upon a subsequent transferee’s acquisition of common units from a prior holder of such common units, even if the purchase price for those interests or units, as applicable, is
greater than the share of the aggregate tax basis of our assets or the assets of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. attributable to those interests or units immediately prior to the acquisition. Consequently, upon a sale of
an asset by us, Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., gain allocable to a holder of common units could include built-in gain in the asset existing at the time we acquired those interests, or such holder acquired such units,
which built-in gain would otherwise generally be eliminated if a Section 754 election had been made.    Non-U.S. persons face unique
U.S. tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them.    In light of our
investment activities, we will be treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may cause some portion of our income to be treated as effectively connected income with respect to non-U.S. holders, or
“ECI.” Moreover, dividends paid by an investment that we make in a real estate investment trust, or “REIT,” that are attributable to gains from the sale of U.S. real property interests and sales of certain investments in
interests in U.S. real property, including stock of certain U.S. corporations owning significant U.S. real property, may be treated as ECI with respect to certain non-U.S. holders. In addition, certain income of non-U.S. holders from U.S. sources
not connected to any such U.S. trade or business conducted by us could be treated as ECI. To the extent our income is treated as ECI, non-U.S. holders generally would be subject to withholding tax on their allocable shares of such income, would be
required to file a U.S. federal income tax return for such year reporting their allocable shares of income effectively connected with such trade or business and any other income treated as ECI, and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at
regular U.S. tax rates on any such income (state and local income taxes and filings may also apply in that event). Non-U.S. holders that are corporations may also be subject to a 30% branch profits tax on their allocable share of such income. In
addition, certain income from U.S. sources that is not ECI allocable to non-U.S. holders may be reduced by withholding taxes imposed at the highest effective applicable tax rate. A portion of any gain recognized by a non-U.S. holder on the sale or
exchange of common units could also be treated as ECI.    Tax-exempt entities face unique tax issues from owning common units that may
result in adverse tax consequences to them.    In light of our investment activities, we will be treated as deriving
income that constitutes “unrelated business taxable income,” or “UBTI.” Consequently, a holder of common units that is a tax-exempt organization may be subject to “unrelated business income tax” to the extent that its
allocable share of our income consists of UBTI. A tax-exempt partner of a partnership could be treated as earning UBTI if the partnership regularly engages in a trade or business that is unrelated to the exempt function of the tax-exempt partner, if
the partnership derives income from debt-financed property or if the partnership interest itself is debt-financed.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, and we have therefore adopted certain
income tax accounting positions that may not conform with all aspects of applicable tax requirements. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our common units.  
 Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, we have adopted depreciation, amortization and other tax accounting
positions that may not conform with all aspects of existing Treasury regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our common unitholders. It also could affect the timing of
these tax benefits or the amount of gain on the sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audits of and adjustments to our common unitholders’ tax returns.  
 The sale or exchange of 50% or more of our capital and profit interests will result in the termination of our partnership for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. We will be considered to have been terminated for U.S. federal income tax purposes if there is a sale or exchange of 50% or more of the total interests in our capital and profits within a 12-month period. Our termination
would, among other things, result in the closing of our taxable year for all common unitholders and could result in a deferral of depreciation deductions allowable in computing our taxable income.  
 Common unitholders will be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements as a result of investing in our common units.
   In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, our common unitholders are subject to other taxes, including state and local
taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property now or in the future, even if our common unitholders do not reside in any of those
jurisdictions. Our common unitholders are likely to be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these jurisdictions. Further, common unitholders may be subject to penalties for
failure to comply with those requirements. It is the responsibility of each common unitholder to file all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns that may be required of such common unitholder. Our counsel has not rendered an opinion on the state
or local tax consequences of an investment in our common units.    While we anticipate that we will be able to provide to each unitholder
specific tax information within 90 days after the close of each calendar year, we cannot guarantee this will be the case. To the extent we are unable to furnish the information within 90 days, holders of common units who are U.S. taxpayers may need
to file a request for an extension of the due date of their income return. In addition, it is possible that common unitholders may be required to file amended income tax returns.  
 It may require longer than 90 days after the end of our fiscal year to obtain the requisite information from all lower-tier entities so
that K-1s may be prepared for the Partnership. For this reason, holders of common units who are U.S. taxpayers should anticipate the need to file annually with the IRS (and certain states) a request for an extension past April 15 or the
otherwise applicable due date of their income tax return for the taxable year. In addition, it is possible that a common unitholder will be required to file amended income tax returns as a result of adjustments to items on the corresponding income
tax returns of the partnership. Any obligation for a unitholder to file amended income tax returns for that or any other reason, including any costs incurred in the preparation or filing of such returns, is the responsibility of each common
unitholder.    Certain U.S. holders of common units are subject to additional tax on “net investment income.”
   U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts are subject to a Medicare tax of 3.8% on “net investment
income” (or undistributed “net investment income,” in the case of estates and trusts) for each taxable year, with such tax applying to the lesser of such income or the excess of such person’s adjusted gross income (with certain
adjustments) over a specified amount. Net investment income includes net income from interest, dividends, annuities, royalties and rents and net gain attributable to the disposition of investment property. Net income and gain attributable to an
investment in the Partnership will be included in a U.S. holder’s “net investment income” subject to this Medicare tax.  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may be liable for adjustments to our tax returns as a result of recently enacted legislation.
   Legislation was recently enacted that significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of
partnerships. Such audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with respect to tax returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a partnership qualifies for and affirmatively elects an
alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective alternative procedure, a partnership would issue information returns to persons who were
partners in the audited year, who would then be required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax liability, and the partnership would not be liable for the adjustments. If a partnership elects the alternative procedure for
a given adjustment, the amount of taxes for which its partners would be liable would be increased by any applicable penalties and a special interest charge. There can be no assurance that we will be eligible to make such an election or that we will,
in fact, make such an election for any given adjustment. If we do not or are not able to make such an election, then (a) our then-current common unitholders, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear income tax liabilities in excess of the
aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had we elected the alternative procedure, and (b) a given common unitholder may indirectly bear taxes attributable to income allocable to other common unitholders or former common unitholders,
including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) with respect to periods prior to such holder’s ownership of common units. Amounts available for distribution to our common unitholders may be reduced as a result of our obligation to pay any
taxes associated with an adjustment. Many issues and the overall effect of this new legislation on us are uncertain, and common unitholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it affects their
particular circumstances.      
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES    Our principal
executive offices are located in leased office space at 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York. As of December 31, 2015, we lease our offices in Beijing, Dubai, Dublin, Düsseldorf, Hong Kong, Houston, London, Los Angeles, Madrid, Montecito,
Mexico City, Mumbai, Paris, Sao Paulo, Seoul, Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and Toronto. We do not own any real property. We consider these facilities to be suitable and adequate for the management and operations of our business.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    We may
from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. See “Item 1A. Risk
Factors” above. We are not currently subject to any pending judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings that we expect to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. However, given the inherent unpredictability of
these types of proceedings and the potentially large and/or indeterminate amounts that could be sought, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could have a material effect on Blackstone’s financial results in any particular
period.    The SEC has publicly indicated that it is specifically focused on private equity practices regarding fees and other
conflicts of interest, including, among other things, the widespread industry practice of receiving fees from portfolio companies in connection with the termination of monitoring agreements upon the initial public offering or disposition of such
companies. The SEC had reviewed our historical monitoring fee practices in 2011 — 2012 in their regular exam process. In June 2014, we voluntarily modified our monitoring fee practices in ways that are beneficial to our private equity
investors, including eliminating any such payments beyond the year of sale for full dispositions and limiting payments following IPOs. This followed the expansion in 2012 of the disclosure that was already being made to private equity investors
regarding such fees. As previously disclosed, in October 2014 the SEC informally requested additional information about our historical monitoring fee termination practices. The SEC  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
also asked for additional information about certain pre-2011 practices relating to the application of disparate vendor discounts to Blackstone and to our funds that were changed in 2011 and had
also been previously reviewed by the SEC in 2012. As previously disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, on October 7, 2015, without admitting or denying any wrongdoing, three of Blackstone’s
private equity fund advisers (the “Fund Advisers”) consented to the entry of an order settling these matters in connection with funds formed many years ago. According to the SEC order, with respect to these legacy funds, the Fund Advisers
did not provide sufficient pre-commitment disclosure regarding the possibility of accelerating otherwise authorized fees upon termination of monitoring fee agreements with their portfolio companies. The SEC order recognized, however, that such fees
were disclosed in distribution notices, quarterly reports and in the case of initial public offerings of portfolio companies, in Form S-1 filings, and were subject to an explicit Limited Partner Advisory Committee objection right that was never
exercised. The order also found that the Fund Advisers did not adequately disclose that certain legal fee discounts they received, prior to 2011, were greater than discounts received by the funds. The SEC order recognized, however, that in early
2011, the Fund Advisers voluntarily changed this policy. The Fund Advisers agreed as part of the settlement to pay disgorgement of $26,225,203 (plus prejudgment interest of $2,686,553) to limited partners of those funds and a civil monetary penalty
of $10,000,000 to the SEC.      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 Not applicable.  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
 Our common units representing limited partner interests are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol
“BX.” Our common units began trading on the NYSE on June 22, 2007.    The number of holders of record of our
common units as of February 19, 2016 was 98. This does not include the number of unitholders that hold common units in “street name” through banks or broker-dealers.  
 The following table sets forth the high and low intra-day sales prices per common unit, for the periods indicated, as reported by the
NYSE and the per unit common unitholder distributions for the indicated fiscal quarters:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 Common Unitholder Distributions (a) 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 Common Unitholder Distributions (a) 
   


 
   First Quarter 
    
 $ 
 39.62 
    
    
 $ 
 32.36 
    
    
 $ 
 0.89 
    
    
 $ 
 35.39 
    
    
 $ 
 29.51 
    
    
 $ 
 0.35 
    
 
   Second Quarter 
    
 $ 
 44.43 
    
    
 $ 
 38.31 
    
    
 $ 
 0.74 
    
    
 $ 
 34.48 
    
    
 $ 
 27.56 
    
    
 $ 
 0.55 
    
 
   Third Quarter 
    
 $ 
 42.60 
    
    
 $ 
 28.56 
    
    
 $ 
 0.49 
    
    
 $ 
 36.08 
    
    
 $ 
 30.71 
    
    
 $ 
 0.44 
    
 
   Fourth Quarter 
    
 $ 
 35.24 
    
    
 $ 
 26.82 
    
    
 $ 
 0.61 
    
    
 $ 
 34.70 
    
    
 $ 
 26.56 
    
    
 $ 
 0.78 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Per common unit, presented on a fiscal quarter basis.    Cash Distribution Policy    With respect to fiscal year 2015, we have paid to
common unitholders distributions of $0.89, $0.74, $0.49 and $0.61 per common unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.73 per common unit. We have also paid to the Blackstone personnel and others
who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships distributions of $0.90, $0.74, $0.49 and $0.65 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.78 per
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit.    With respect to fiscal year 2014, we paid to common unitholders distributions of $0.35,
$0.55, $0.44 and $0.78 per common unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.12 per common unit. We also paid $0.38, $0.60, $0.56 and $0.92 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit in respect of the
first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.46 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit.  
 Distributable Earnings, which is a component of Economic Net Income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) Total Management and
Advisory Fees, (b) Interest and Dividend Revenue, (c) Other Revenue, (d) Realized Performance Fees, and (e) Realized Investment Income (Loss); less (a) Compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards,
(b) Realized Performance Fee Compensation, (c) Other Operating Expenses, and (d) Taxes and Payables Under the Tax Receivable Agreement.    Our intention is to distribute quarterly to common unitholders approximately 85% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by
Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements,
or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter. The amount distributed could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any
distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and our general partner may change our distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to eliminate such distributions entirely.  
 Because The Blackstone Group L.P. is a holding partnership and has no material assets other than its ownership of partnership units in
Blackstone Holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries, we fund distributions by The Blackstone Group L.P., if any, in three steps:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   First, we cause Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries. If
Blackstone Holdings makes such distributions, the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings will be entitled to receive equivalent distributions pro rata based on their partnership interests in Blackstone Holdings (except as set forth in the following
paragraph),      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Second, we cause The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries to distribute to The Blackstone Group L.P. their share of such
distributions, net of the taxes and amounts payable under the tax receivable agreement by such wholly owned subsidiaries, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Third, The Blackstone Group L.P. distributes its net share of such distributions to our common unitholders on a pro rata basis.
   Because the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. must pay taxes and make payments under
the tax receivable agreements described in Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” the amounts
ultimately distributed by The Blackstone Group L.P. to its common unitholders are expected to be less, on a per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited
partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.    In addition, the
partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provide for cash distributions, which we refer to as “tax distributions,” to the partners of such partnerships if the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P.
which are the general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships determine that the taxable income of the relevant partnership will give rise to taxable income for its partners. Generally, these tax distributions will be computed based on our
estimate of the net taxable income of the relevant partnership allocable to a partner multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local income tax rate prescribed for an individual or
corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into account the nondeductibility of certain expenses and the character of our income). The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will make tax distributions only to the extent distributions from such
partnerships for the relevant year were otherwise insufficient to cover such estimated assumed tax liabilities.    Under the
Delaware Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to a partner if after the distribution all our liabilities, other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities for which the recourse of
creditors is limited to specific property of the partnership, would exceed the fair value of our assets. If we were to make such an impermissible distribution, any limited partner who received a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution
that the distribution was in violation of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act would be liable to us for the amount of the distribution for three years. In addition, the terms of our revolving credit facility or other financing arrangements may from
time to time include covenants or other restrictions that could constrain our ability to make distributions.  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Unit Repurchases in the Fourth Quarter of 2015  
 In January 2008, the Board of Directors of our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., authorized the repurchase of up to
$500 million of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under this unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The
timing and the actual number of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The unit repurchase program
may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. During the three months ended December 31, 2015, no units were repurchased. As of December 31, 2015, the amount remaining under this program
available for repurchases was $335.8 million. See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 15. Net Income Per Common Unit” and “— Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Liquidity Needs” for further information regarding this unit repurchase program.  
 As permitted by our policies and procedures governing transactions in our securities by our directors, executive officers and other
employees, from time to time some of these persons may establish plans or arrangements complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, and similar plans and arrangements relating to our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.
 
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
 The consolidated statements of financial condition and income data as of and for the five years ended December 31, 2015 have been
derived from our consolidated financial statements. The audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011
are not included in this Form  10-K.  Historical results are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period.    The selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with “— Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our
consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 $ 
 2,542,505 
    
    
 $ 
 2,497,252 
    
    
 $ 
 2,193,985 
    
    
 $ 
 2,030,693 
    
    
 $ 
 1,811,750 
    
 
   Performance Fees 
    
   
 1,796,666 
    
    
   
 4,374,262 
    
    
   
 3,544,057 
    
    
   
 1,593,052 
    
    
   
 1,182,660 
    
 
   Investment Income 
    
   
 204,642 
    
    
   
 534,000 
    
    
   
 800,308 
    
    
   
 350,194 
    
    
   
 213,323 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue and Other 
    
   
 102,739 
    
    
   
 79,214 
    
    
   
 74,818 
    
    
   
 45,502 
    
    
   
 44,843 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 4,646,552 
    
    
   
 7,484,728 
    
    
   
 6,613,168 
    
    
   
 4,019,441 
    
    
   
 3,252,576 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,290,751 
    
    
   
 3,154,371 
    
    
   
 3,257,667 
    
    
   
 2,605,244 
    
    
   
 2,738,425 
    
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
    
   
 576,103 
    
    
   
 549,463 
    
    
   
 474,442 
    
    
   
 548,738 
    
    
   
 566,313 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
    
   
 144,522 
    
    
   
 121,524 
    
    
   
 107,973 
    
    
   
 72,870 
    
    
   
 57,824 
    
 
   Fund Expenses 
    
   
 79,499 
    
    
   
 30,498 
    
    
   
 26,658 
    
    
   
 33,829 
    
    
   
 25,507 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 3,090,875 
    
    
   
 3,855,856 
    
    
   
 3,866,740 
    
    
   
 3,260,681 
    
    
   
 3,388,069 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
    
   
 82,707 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 20,469 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 197,816 
    
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
    
   
 176,364 
    
    
   
 357,854 
    
    
   
 381,664 
    
    
   
 256,145 
    
    
   
 14,935 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
    
   
 259,071 
    
    
   
 357,854 
    
    
   
 402,133 
    
    
   
 256,145 
    
    
   
 212,751 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
   
 1,814,748 
    
    
   
 3,986,726 
    
    
   
 3,148,561 
    
    
   
 1,014,905 
    
    
   
 77,258 
    
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
   
 190,398 
    
    
   
 291,173 
    
    
   
 255,642 
    
    
   
 185,023 
    
    
   
 345,711 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
    
   
 1,624,350 
    
    
   
 3,695,553 
    
    
   
 2,892,919 
    
    
   
 829,882 
    
    
   
 (268,453 
 )  
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 11,145 
    
    
   
 74,794 
    
    
   
 183,315 
    
    
   
 103,598 
    
    
   
 (24,869 
 )  
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 219,900 
    
    
   
 335,070 
    
    
   
 198,557 
    
    
   
 99,959 
    
    
   
 7,953 
    
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 683,516 
    
    
   
 1,701,100 
    
    
   
 1,339,845 
    
    
   
 407,727 
    
    
   
 (83,234 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 709,789 
    
    
 $ 
 1,584,589 
    
    
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
    
 $ 
 218,598 
    
    
 $ 
 (168,303 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit, Basic and Diluted 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.12 
    
    
 $ 
 2.60 
    
    
 $ 
 2.00 
    
    
 $ 
 0.41 
    
    
 $ 
 (0.35 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.04 
    
    
 $ 
 2.58 
    
    
 $ 
 1.98 
    
    
 $ 
 0.41 
    
    
 $ 
 (0.35 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared Per Common Unit (a) 
    
 $ 
 2.90 
    
    
 $ 
 1.92 
    
    
 $ 
 1.18 
    
    
 $ 
 0.52 
    
    
 $ 
 0.62 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Distributions declared reflects the calendar date of declaration for each distribution. The fourth quarter distribution, if any, for any fiscal year will be declared
and paid in the subsequent fiscal year. For fiscal year 2015, we declared a final fourth quarter distribution per common unit of $0.61, which was paid in February 2016.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition Data 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total Assets (a) 
    
 $ 
 22,526,080 
    
    
 $ 
 31,497,097 
    
    
 $ 
 29,668,959 
    
    
 $ 
 28,921,060 
    
    
 $ 
 21,903,378 
    
 
   Senior Notes 
    
 $ 
 2,797,060 
    
    
 $ 
 2,136,706 
    
    
 $ 
 1,654,659 
    
    
 $ 
 1,660,361 
    
    
 $ 
 1,045,954 
    
 
   Total Liabilities (a) 
    
 $ 
 10,295,623 
    
    
 $ 
 14,163,550 
    
    
 $ 
 15,291,288 
    
    
 $ 
 17,706,113 
    
    
 $ 
 12,651,092 
    
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
 $ 
 183,459 
    
    
 $ 
 2,441,854 
    
    
 $ 
 1,950,442 
    
    
 $ 
 1,556,185 
    
    
 $ 
 1,091,833 
    
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 12,046,998 
    
    
 $ 
 14,891,693 
    
    
 $ 
 12,427,229 
    
    
 $ 
 9,658,762 
    
    
 $ 
 8,160,453 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The decrease in total assets, total liabilities and redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities from December 31, 2014 to December 31, 2015
was principally due to the adoption as of January 1, 2015 of new accounting consolidation guidance which resulted in the deconsolidation of certain Blackstone Funds. For more information, see “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Recent Accounting Developments.” The increase in total assets and total liabilities from December 31, 2011 to
December 31, 2012 was principally due to the acquisition of Harbourmaster, a leading European leveraged loan manager and adviser and the resultant GAAP required consolidation of certain managed CLO vehicles.  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with The Blackstone Group L.P.’s consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included within this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Our Business  
 Blackstone is one of the largest independent managers of private capital in the world. Our business is organized into four segments:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Private Equity.  We are a world leader in private equity investing, having managed six general private equity funds, as well as two sector
focused funds, since we established this business in 1987. We refer to these managed corporate private equity funds collectively as our Blackstone Capital Partners (“BCP”) funds. Our Private Equity segment also includes Blackstone Tactical
Opportunities (“Tactical Opportunities”), our opportunistic investment platform that invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, Strategic Partners Fund Solutions (“Strategic Partners”), a secondary private
fund of funds business, Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution (“BTAS”), a new  multi-asset  investment program for eligible high net worth investors offering exposure to certain of Blackstone’s
key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment, and our capital markets services business (“BXCM”). Our corporate private equity business pursues transactions throughout the world across a variety of transaction types,
including large buyouts, mid-cap buyouts, buy and build platforms (which involve multiple acquisitions behind a single management team and platform) and growth equity/development projects (which involve significant minority investments in mature
companies and greenfield development projects in energy and power). Tactical Opportunities seeks to capitalize on time-sensitive, complex and dislocated market situations across asset classes, industries and geographies in a broad range of
investments, including private and public securities, and instruments, where the underlying exposure may be to equity, debt, and/or real assets. Strategic Partners focuses on delivering access to a range of opportunities, leveraging its proprietary
database to acquire single fund interests or complex portfolios in an efficient and timely manner.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Real Estate.  Since our start in 1991, we have become a world leader in real estate investing. We have managed or continue to manage a number of
global, European and Asian focused opportunistic real estate funds, several real estate debt investment vehicles, a NYSE publicly traded real estate investment trust (“BXMT”) and several core+ real estate funds. We refer to our
opportunistic real estate funds as our Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) funds, our real estate debt investment vehicles as our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) funds and our core+ real estate funds as our
Blackstone Property Partners (“BPP”) funds.    Our BREP funds are geographically diversified and
target a broad range of “opportunistic” real estate and real estate related investments that are generally undermanaged assets with higher potential for equity appreciation. BREP has made significant investments in lodging, office
buildings, shopping centers, residential and a variety of real estate operating companies.    Our BREDS’ vehicles target
real estate debt related investment opportunities in the public and private markets, primarily in the United States and Europe.  
 Our BPP funds are geographically diversified and target substantially stabilized assets generating relatively stable cash flow with a
focus on office, multifamily, industrial and retail assets in gateway markets.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge Fund Solutions.  Blackstone’s Hedge Fund Solutions segment is comprised principally of Blackstone Alternative Asset Management
(“BAAM”). BAAM is the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, managing a broad range of commingled and customized hedge fund of fund solutions since its inception in 1990. The Hedge Fund Solutions segment also includes
investment  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
platforms that seed new hedge fund talent, purchase ownership interests in more established hedge funds, invest in special situation opportunities, create alternative solutions in regulated
structures and trade long and short public equities.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit.  Our Credit segment consists principally of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”), a global leader in managing credit-focused
products within private and public debt market strategies. GSO’s products include senior credit-focused funds, mezzanine funds, distressed debt funds, general credit-focused funds, registered investment companies, separately managed accounts
and collateralized loan obligation (“CLO”) vehicles.    Please see “— Significant
Transactions” below for information regarding the previously reported Financial Advisory segment.    We generate revenue
from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies (including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from capital markets services. We invest in the funds we manage and, in most
cases, receive a preferred allocation of income (i.e., a carried interest) or an incentive fee from an investment fund in the event that specified cumulative investment returns are achieved (generally collectively referred to as “Performance
Fees”). The composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which we operate. Net investment gains and investment income generated by the Blackstone Funds, principally private
equity and real estate funds, are driven by value created by our operating and strategic initiatives as well as overall market conditions. Fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of the portfolio company, the portfolio company’s
industry, the overall economy and other market conditions.    Business Environment  
 Blackstone’s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe,
Asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.    Global equity indices were marked by high volatility during 2015, with
the CBOE volatility index reaching its highest levels since 2011. Equity markets began 2015 on strong footing, but suffered declines in the second half of the year, as concerns about slowing growth in China and its implications for global economic
growth, falling oil and commodity prices and central bank monetary policy began to weigh heavily on market sentiment. The trends had varying impacts on full-year equity market performance: the S&P 500 ended the year down 0.7%, the MSCI World
Index was down 2.7%, the FTSE 100 was down 4.9%, and the Hang Seng down 7.2%; other indices had positive performance, including the NASDAQ up 5.7%, Euro Stoxx 50 up 3.8%, the Nikkei 225 up 9.1%.  
 Signs of slowing Chinese growth continued to emerge during 2015 and slowing momentum in the economy fed into Chinese investor sentiment.
At an official growth rate of 6.9%, China registered its slowest annual GDP growth rate in nearly 25 years. After the Shanghai composite gained more than 50% to reach its all-time high in the first half of the year, it fell more than more than 30%
in the second half of 2015, and ended the year up 9%. In an effort to boost the economy, the People’s Bank of China enacted a number of stimulus measures during 2015, and seemed likely to continue these efforts in 2016. China also allowed the
yuan to depreciate against the U.S. Dollar and renewed the possibility it would move towards pegging the yuan against a basket of global currencies to give it greater flexibility to manage its monetary policy.  
 Oil prices continued their downward trend in 2015, falling more than 30% and ending the year at $37 a barrel. Resilient production in the
U.S. and globally, ample existing supply, and reduced demand from key emerging economies, including China and India, were all contributing factors. U.S. retail gas prices fell to $2.00 a gallon, a six-year low, but the impact to overall consumer
spending remained unclear. Large energy producers reported sharp declines in earnings and spending cutbacks feeding into longer-term concerns for U.S. employment and job growth.  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition to oil and gas, prices for other commodities also fell in 2015. The impact of
falling commodity prices was felt particularly hard in many commodity-driven emerging market countries in 2015. A number of Latin American currencies depreciated by double-digit percentages against the U.S. dollar, with the Argentine peso and
Brazilian real each losing around half their value. Many Latin American equity indices also exhibited sharp declines, including the Brazilian Bovespa, which declined by more than 13% in 2015.  
 Against the backdrop of growing global investor pessimism and energy sector weakness, the U.S. economy continued to show signs of
strength overall in 2015. The U.S. continued to grow real GDP at over 2% and ended the year with 5.0% unemployment, its lowest level since early 2008. Controlling for inflation, consumer spending held steady. In December 2015, the Federal Reserve
raised interest rates from a target range of 0 to 0.25% to a range of 0.25% to 0.50% and stated intentions to raise rates at a “gradual” pace going forward while continuing to monitor economic conditions in the U.S. and globally. The rate
increase ended a historic second year near-zero interest rate environment.    Concerns about global growth prospects, liquidity,
energy exposure and uncertainty on interest rates also weighed on credit markets. High yield spreads widened materially to nearly 750 basis points, an increase of almost 200 basis points, and high-yield issuance fell significantly in 2015. Global
equity capital market activity for both IPOs and follow-ons fell significantly year-over-year, driven by declining U.S. and European volumes in the midst of heightened market volatility.  
 Significant Transactions    On October 1, 2015, Blackstone completed the previously-announced spin-off of the operations that have historically constituted Blackstone’s Financial Advisory segment, other than
Blackstone’s capital markets services business. Blackstone’s capital markets services business was retained and was not part of the spin-off. The financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services
and Park Hill Group businesses were spun-off from Blackstone and combined with PJT Capital LP, an independent financial advisory firm founded by Paul J. Taubman, to form an independent, publicly traded company called PJT Partners Inc.  
 Concurrently with the spin-off, the results attributable to the capital markets services business, BXCM, from its inception in the three
months ended March 31, 2013 through the period ended September 30, 2015 were reclassified to the Private Equity segment. For periods after September 30, 2015, the recast Financial Advisory segment has no results of operations. The
recast historical Financial Advisory segment includes financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds.  
 On October 1, 2015, Blackstone formed a new holding partnership, Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., which will hold certain operating
entities and operate in a manner similar to the existing Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.    On May 19, 2015, Blackstone
issued €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.000% senior notes which will mature on May 19, 2025.    On
April 27, 2015, Blackstone issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.450% senior notes which will mature on July 15, 2045.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Organizational Structure    The simplified diagram below depicts our organizational structure. The diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries
depicted are held.            


 
    (See “— Significant Transactions” above for additional information on our organizational
structure.)    Key Financial Measures and Indicators    We manage our business using traditional financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. Our key financial measures and
indicators are discussed below.    Revenues    Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other. Please refer to “Part I. Item 1. Business —
Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” and “— Critical Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition” for additional information regarding the manner in which Base Management Fees and Performance Fees are generated.  
 Management and Advisory Fees, Net  — Management and Advisory Fees, Net are comprised of management fees, including base
management fees, transaction and other fees and advisory fees net of management fee reductions and offsets.    The Partnership
earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. Base
management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying investment advisory agreements.  
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Transaction and other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed
funds and portfolio companies. The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the Partnership (“management fee reductions”) by an
amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees directly paid to the Partnership by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses
of the fund.    Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the limited partners of the Blackstone
Funds, which are granted based on the amount such limited partners reimburse the Blackstone Funds for placement fees.  
 Advisory fees consist of advisory retainer and transaction-based fee arrangements related to financial and strategic advisory services,
restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds. Advisory retainer fees are recognized when services for the transactions are complete, in accordance with
terms set forth in individual agreements. Transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided, (c) fees are fixed or determinable, and
(d) collection is reasonably assured. Fund placement fees are recognized as earned upon the acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments.    Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in Accounts Receivable or Due from Affiliates in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Management fees paid by limited partners to the Blackstone Funds and passed on to Blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.  
 Performance Fees —  Performance Fees earned on the performance of Blackstone’s hedge fund structures (“Incentive
Fees”) are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund’s governing agreements. Accrued
but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone’s offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Accrued but unpaid Incentive
Fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Incentive Fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. Once realized, such fees are not
subject to clawback or reversal.    In certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate and certain hedge
fund solutions and credit-focused funds (“Carry Funds”), performance fees (“Carried Interest”) are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners.
At the end of each reporting period, the Partnership calculates the Carried Interest that would be due to the Partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such
date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Carried Interest to reflect either
(a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Carried Interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the Partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as
revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to Carried Interest allocated to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Carried Interest on cumulative results compared to the Carried Interest recorded to date and make
the required positive or negative adjustments. The Partnership ceases to record negative Carried Interest allocations once previously recognized Carried Interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. The Partnership is not obligated to
pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Carried Interest over the life of a fund. Accrued but unpaid Carried Interest as of the reporting date is reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition.    Carried Interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund’s
cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
met. Carried Interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the Carried Interest received to date exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual for
potential repayment of previously received Carried Interest, which is a component of Due to Affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the
Blackstone Funds if the Blackstone Carry Funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’ investments as of the reporting date. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until
the end of a fund’s life except for certain funds, including certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.  
 Investment Income (Loss)  — Investment Income (Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the
Partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. Investment Income (Loss) is realized when the Partnership redeems all
or a portion of its investment or when the Partnership receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized Investment Income (Loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of
unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.    Interest and Dividend Revenue  — Interest and
Dividend Revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments held by Blackstone.  
 Other Revenue  — Other Revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions
denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.    Expenses  
 Compensation and Benefits — Compensation  — Compensation and Benefits consists of (a) employee compensation,
comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. Compensation
cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line
basis, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet specified criteria making them eligible for retirement treatment
(allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from Blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either
expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. Cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.  
 Compensation and Benefits — Performance Fee —  Performance Fee Compensation consists of Carried Interest (which may be
distributed in cash or in-kind) and Incentive Fee allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain
profit sharing initiatives. Such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Unlike Carried Interest and Incentive Fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather
than on a fund by fund basis. Compensation received from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.  
 Other Operating Expenses —  Other Operating Expenses represents general and administrative expenses including interest
expense, occupancy and equipment expenses and other expenses, which consist principally of professional fees, public company costs, travel and related expenses, communications and information services and depreciation and amortization.  
 Fund Expenses —  The expenses of our consolidated Blackstone Funds consist primarily of interest expense, professional fees
and other third party expenses.  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities  
 Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities represent the component of Partners’ Capital in consolidated Blackstone Funds held
by third party investors and employees. The percentage interests held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which
occur during the reporting period. In addition, all non-controlling interests in consolidated Blackstone Funds are attributed a share of income (loss) arising from the respective funds and a share of other comprehensive income, if applicable. Income
(Loss) is allocated to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities based on the relative ownership interests of third party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss)
such as fees allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P.    Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities
   Non-controlling interests related to funds of hedge funds and certain other credit-focused funds are subject to
annual, semi-annual or quarterly redemption by investors in these funds following the expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee in the funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds during the
period when capital may not be withdrawn. As limited partners in these types of funds have been granted redemption rights, amounts relating to third party interests in such consolidated funds are presented as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in
Consolidated Entities within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. When redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities
in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. For all consolidated funds in which redemption rights have not been granted, non-controlling interests are presented within Partners’ Capital in the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition as Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities.    Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings  
 Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings represent the component of Partners’ Capital in the consolidated Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.  
 Certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the Holdings Partnerships. Income (Loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and
attributable to the Holdings Partnerships, is attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings. This residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone
personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.    Income Taxes  
 The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain of their subsidiaries operate in the U.S. as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax
purposes and generally as corporate entities in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to New York City unincorporated business taxes or non-U.S. income taxes. In addition, certain of the wholly owned
subsidiaries of the Partnership and the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax provision attributable to the Partnership’s share of this income
tax is reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements.    Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability
method of accounting. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax
rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Current and deferred tax liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses
and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Blackstone uses the flow-through method to
account for investment tax credits. Under this method, the investment tax credits are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense.    Blackstone analyzes its tax filing positions in all of the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as for all open tax years in
these jurisdictions. Blackstone records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process: (a) a determination is made whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the
position and (b) those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recognized as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority.
Blackstone recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in General, Administrative, and Other expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 There remains some uncertainty regarding Blackstone’s future taxation levels. Over the past several years, a number of legislative
and administrative proposals to change the taxation of Carried Interest have been introduced and, in certain cases, have been passed by the U.S. House of Representatives that would have, in general, treated income and gains, including gain on sale,
attributable to an investment services partnership interest, or “ISPI,” as income subject to a new blended tax rate that is higher than the capital gains rate applicable to such income under current law, except to the extent such ISPI
would have been considered under the legislation to be a qualified capital interest. Our common units and the interests that we hold in entities that are entitled to receive Carried Interest would likely have been classified as ISPIs for purposes of
this legislation. It is unclear whether or when the U.S. Congress will pass such legislation or what provisions will be included in any final legislation if enacted.    Some legislative proposals have provided that, for taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, income derived with respect to an ISPI that is not a qualified capital interest and that
is subject to the foregoing rules would not meet the qualifying income requirements under the publicly traded partnership rules. Therefore, if similar legislation were to be enacted, following such ten-year period, we would be precluded from
qualifying as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or be required to hold all such ISPIs through corporations.  
 The Obama administration has made similar proposals that would tax income and gain, including gain on sale, attributable to an ISPI at
ordinary rates, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. The proposals would also characterize certain income and gain in respect of ISPIs as non-qualifying income under the tax rules applicable to publicly traded partnerships
after a ten-year transition period from the effective date, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. The Obama administration proposed similar changes in its published revenue proposals for 2015 and prior years.  
 States and other jurisdictions have also considered legislation to increase taxes with respect to Carried Interest. For example, New York
has considered legislation, which could have caused a non-resident of New York who holds our common units to be subject to New York state income tax on carried interest earned by entities in which we hold an indirect interest, thereby requiring the
non-resident to file a New York state income tax return reporting such carried interest income. It is unclear whether or when similar legislation will be enacted. Finally, several state and local jurisdictions have evaluated ways to subject
partnerships to entity level taxation through the imposition of state or local income, franchise or other forms of taxation or to increase the amount of such taxation.    If we were taxed as a corporation or were forced to hold interests in entities earning income from Carried Interest through taxable subsidiary corporations, our effective tax rate could increase
significantly. The federal statutory rate for corporations is currently 35%, and the state and local tax rates, net of the federal benefit, aggregate approximately 5%. If a variation of the above described legislation or any other change in the tax
laws, rules,  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
regulations or interpretations preclude us from qualifying for treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the publicly traded partnership rules or force us to hold
interests in entities earning income from Carried Interest through taxable subsidiary corporations, this could materially increase our tax liability, and could well result in a reduction in the market price of our common units.  
 It is not possible at this time to meaningfully quantify the potential impact on Blackstone of this potential future legislation or any
similar legislation. Multiple versions of legislation in this area have been proposed over the last few years that have included significantly different provisions regarding effective dates and the treatment of invested capital, tiered entities and
cross-border operations, among other matters. Depending upon what version of the legislation, if any, were enacted, the potential impact on a public company such as Blackstone in a given year could differ dramatically and could be material. In
addition, these legislative proposals would not themselves impose a tax on a publicly traded partnership such as Blackstone. Rather, they could force Blackstone and other publicly traded partnerships to restructure their operations so as to prevent
disqualifying income from reaching the publicly traded partnership in amounts that would disqualify the partnership from treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such a restructuring could result in more income being earned
in corporate subsidiaries, thereby increasing corporate income tax liability indirectly borne by the publicly traded partnership. In addition, we, and our common unitholders, could be taxed on any such restructuring. The nature of any such
restructuring would depend on the precise provisions of the legislation that was ultimately enacted, as well as the particular facts and circumstances of Blackstone’s operations at the time any such legislation were to take effect, making the
task of predicting the amount of additional tax highly speculative.    The Obama administration has announced other proposals
for potential reform to the U.S. federal income tax rules for businesses, including reducing the deductibility of interest for corporations, reducing the top marginal rate on corporations and subjecting entities currently treated as partnerships for
tax purposes to an entity level income tax similar to the corporate income tax. Several proposals for reform if enacted could adversely affect us. It is unclear what any actual legislation would provide, when it would be proposed or what its
prospects for enactment would be.    Other proposals by members of Congress have contemplated the migration of the United States
from a “worldwide” system of taxation, pursuant to which U.S. corporations are taxed on their worldwide income, to a territorial system where U.S. corporations are taxed only on their U.S. source income (subject to certain exceptions for
income derived in low-tax jurisdictions from the exploitation of tangible assets) at a top corporate tax rate that would be 25%. Such proposals include revenue raisers to offset the reduction in the tax rate and base which may or may not be
detrimental to us. A variation of this proposal completes a similar territorial U.S. tax system, but with more expansive U.S. taxation of the foreign profits of non-U.S. subsidiaries of U.S. corporations. Such proposal would also eliminate the
withholding tax exemption on portfolio interest debt obligations for investors residing in non-treaty jurisdictions. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has also identified comprehensive tax reform as a priority for the next Congress. Furthermore, recent
legislation has proposed audit procedure adjustments that could affect large partnerships like us. Whether these proposals will be enacted by the government and in what form is unknown, as are the ultimate consequences of the proposed legislation.
   Economic Income    Blackstone uses Economic Income (“EI”) as a key measure of value creation, a benchmark of its performance and in making resource deployment and compensation decisions across its four segments.
EI represents segment net income before taxes excluding transaction-related charges. Transaction-related charges arise from Blackstone’s IPO and long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions,
including acquisitions. Transaction-related charges include equity-based compensation charges, the amortization of intangible assets and contingent consideration associated with acquisitions. EI presents revenues and expenses on a basis that
deconsolidates the investment funds Blackstone manages. Economic Net Income (“ENI”) represents EI adjusted to include current period taxes. Taxes represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision
for Taxes. EI, our principal segment measure, is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. (See Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in
“— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”.)    Fee Related Earnings  
 Blackstone uses Fee Related Earnings (“FRE”), which is derived from EI, as a measure to highlight earnings from operations
excluding: (a) the income related to performance fees and related carry plan costs and (b) income earned from Blackstone’s investments in the Blackstone Funds. Management uses FRE as a measure to assess whether recurring revenue from
our businesses is sufficient to adequately cover all of our operating expenses and generate profits. FRE equals contractual fee revenues, less (a) compensation expenses (which includes amortization of non-IPO and non-acquisition-related
equity-based awards, but excludes amortization of IPO and acquisition-related equity-based awards, Carried Interest and incentive fee compensation) and (b) non-interest operating expenses. See “— Liquidity and Capital Resources —
Sources of Liquidity” below for our discussion of FRE.    Effective January 1, 2015 Blackstone redefined FRE to
exclude Interest Income and Dividend Revenue, Interest Expense and Investment Income (Loss) — Blackstone Treasury Cash Management Strategies. All previously reported periods have been conformed to the new definition.  
 Distributable Earnings    Distributable Earnings, which is derived from our segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to Blackstone unitholders, including
Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings, which is a measure not prepared under GAAP (a “non-GAAP” measure), is intended to show the amount of net realized
earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the Blackstone Funds. Distributable Earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. See
“— Liquidity and Capital Resources — Sources of Liquidity” below for our discussion of Distributable Earnings.    Distributable Earnings, which is a component of Economic Net Income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) Total Management and Advisory Fees, (b) Interest and Dividend Revenue, (c) Other
Revenue, (d) Realized Performance Fees, and (e) Realized Investment Income (Loss); less (a) Compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) Realized Performance Fee Compensation, (c) Other Operating Expenses,
and (d) Taxes and Payables Under the Tax Receivable Agreement.    As a result of the redefinition of FRE noted above,
effective January 1, 2015, Distributable Earnings was redefined to exclude Unrealized Investment Income (Loss) — Blackstone Treasury Cash Management Strategies. All previously reported periods have been conformed to the new definition.
   Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization  
 Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), is a supplemental non-GAAP
measure derived from our segment reported results and may be used to assess our ability to service our borrowings. Adjusted EBITDA represents Distributable Earnings plus the addition of (a) Interest Expense, (b) Taxes and Related Payables
Including Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement, and (c) Depreciation and Amortization. See “— Liquidity and Capital Resources — Sources of Liquidity” below for our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA.  
 Summary Walkdown of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Metrics    The relationship of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is presented in the summary walkdown below. The summary walkdown shows how each non-GAAP financial measure is related to the other non-GAAP
financial measures. This presentation is not meant to be a detailed calculation of each measure, but to show the relationship between the  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
measures. For the calculation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures and a full reconciliation of Income Before Provision for Taxes to Distributable Earnings, please see “—
Liquidity and Capital Resources — Sources of Liquidity.”        


 
    Operating Metrics    The alternative asset management business is a complex business that is primarily based on managing third party capital and does not require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth.
However, there also can be volatility associated with its earnings and cash flows. Since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of our various alternative asset
management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value creating strategies.    Assets Under Management. 
Assets Under Management refers to the assets we manage. Our Assets Under Management equals the sum of:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
   the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us, plus the capital that we are
entitled to call from investors in those funds and entities  
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 
pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods,  
   
 
 
   
 (b) 
 the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,  
   
 
 
   
 (c) 
 the invested capital or fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
 the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our CLOs and CDOs during the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
 the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our CLOs and CDOs after the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (f) 
 the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies, and  
   
 
 
   
 (g) 
 the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, or similar instruments issued by our public REIT.  
 Our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election.
Our funds of hedge funds and hedge funds generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), in most cases upon advance written notice, with the
majority of our funds requiring from 60 days up to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. Investment advisory agreements related to separately managed accounts may generally be terminated by
an investor on 30 to 90 days’ notice.    Fee-Earning Assets Under Management . Fee-Earning Assets Under Management
refers to the assets we manage on which we derive management and/or performance fees. Our Fee-Earning Assets Under Management equals the sum of:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 for our Private Equity segment funds and Real Estate segment carry funds including certain real estate debt investment funds and certain of our Hedge Fund Solutions
funds, the amount of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
 for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
     
 
 
   
 (c) 
 the remaining invested capital of co-investments managed by us on which we receive fees,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
 the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
 the invested capital or fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (f) 
 the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings of our REITs, subject to certain adjustments,  
   
 
 
   
 (g) 
 the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our CLOs and CDOs, and  
   
 
 
   
 (h) 
 the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies.  
 Our calculations of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset
managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. In addition, our calculation of assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds
from Blackstone and our personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. Our definitions of assets under management or fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of assets under
management or fee-earning assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  For our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the
investments held, whereas fee-earning assets under management includes the amount of capital commitments, the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has or has not expired or the fee terms of the
fund. As such, fee-earning assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.  
 Limited Partner Capital Invested.  Limited Partner Capital Invested represents the amount of Limited Partner capital commitments
which were invested by our carry and drawdown funds during each period presented, plus the capital invested through co-investments arranged by us that were made by limited partners in investments of our carry funds on which we receive fees or a
Carried Interest allocation or Incentive Fee.    The amount of committed undrawn capital available for investment, including
general partner and employee commitments, is known as dry powder and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments.  
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Financial Highlights  
 The following charts highlight certain financial metrics (a) :      
     


 
  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
 (a) 
 Total Revenues represents the total segment amounts. Net Realized Performance Fees represents total segment Performance Fees for Realized Carried Interest and Realized
Incentive Fees less Performance Fee Compensation for Realized Carried Interest and Realized Incentive Fees. See Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing. For the components of Distributable Earnings and Fee Related Earnings, see the reconciliation of Fee Related Earnings, Distributable Earnings and Economic Net Income at “— Liquidity
and Capital Resources — Sources of Liquidity” below. For Total and Fee-Earning Assets Under Management, see “— Consolidated Results of Operations — Operating Metrics” below.  
 Consolidated Results of Operations    Following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2015. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected
the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage) in these periods, see “— Segment Analysis” below.  
 Please see “— Significant Transactions” above for important information regarding the previously reported Financial
Advisory segment.  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations
and certain key operating metrics for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2015 vs. 2014 
   
   
 2014 vs. 2013 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 $ 
 2,542,505 
    
   
 $ 
 2,497,252 
    
   
 $ 
 2,193,985 
    
   
 $ 
 45,253 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 303,267 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 3,205,290 
    
   
   
 2,450,082 
    
   
   
 943,958 
    
   
   
 755,208 
    
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 1,506,124 
    
   
   
 160 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 193,238 
    
   
   
 249,005 
    
   
   
 464,838 
    
   
   
 (55,767 
 )  
   
   
 -22 
 %  
   
   
 (215,833 
 )  
   
   
 -46 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (1,595,174 
 )  
   
   
 1,704,924 
    
   
   
 2,158,010 
    
   
   
 (3,300,098 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (453,086 
 )  
   
   
 -21 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (6,688 
 )  
   
   
 (29,749 
 )  
   
   
 (22,749 
 )  
   
   
 23,061 
    
   
   
 -78 
 %  
   
   
 (7,000 
 )  
   
   
 31 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 1,796,666 
    
   
   
 4,374,262 
    
   
   
 3,544,057 
    
   
   
 (2,577,596 
 )  
   
   
 -59 
 %  
   
   
 830,205 
    
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 555,171 
    
   
   
 523,735 
    
   
   
 188,644 
    
   
   
 31,436 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 335,091 
    
   
   
 178 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 (350,529 
 )  
   
   
 10,265 
    
   
   
 611,664 
    
   
   
 (360,794 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (601,399 
 )  
   
   
 -98 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 204,642 
    
   
   
 534,000 
    
   
   
 800,308 
    
   
   
 (329,358 
 )  
   
   
 -62 
 %  
   
   
 (266,308 
 )  
   
   
 -33 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 94,957 
    
   
   
 69,809 
    
   
   
 64,511 
    
   
   
 25,148 
    
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 5,298 
    
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 7,782 
    
   
   
 9,405 
    
   
   
 10,307 
    
   
   
 (1,623 
 )  
   
   
 -17 
 %  
   
   
 (902 
 )  
   
   
 -9 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 4,646,552 
    
   
   
 7,484,728 
    
   
   
 6,613,168 
    
   
   
 (2,838,176 
 )  
   
   
 -38 
 %  
   
   
 871,560 
    
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 1,726,191 
    
   
   
 1,868,868 
    
   
   
 1,844,485 
    
   
   
 (142,677 
 )  
   
   
 -8 
 %  
   
   
 24,383 
    
   
   
 1 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 793,801 
    
   
   
 815,643 
    
   
   
 257,201 
    
   
   
 (21,842 
 )  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 558,442 
    
   
   
 217 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 85,945 
    
   
   
 110,099 
    
   
   
 200,915 
    
   
   
 (24,154 
 )  
   
   
 -22 
 %  
   
   
 (90,816 
 )  
   
   
 -45 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (312,696 
 )  
   
   
 379,037 
    
   
   
 966,717 
    
   
   
 (691,733 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (587,680 
 )  
   
   
 -61 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (2,490 
 )  
   
   
 (19,276 
 )  
   
   
 (11,651 
 )  
   
   
 16,786 
    
   
   
 -87 
 %  
   
   
 (7,625 
 )  
   
   
 65 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 2,290,751 
    
   
   
 3,154,371 
    
   
   
 3,257,667 
    
   
   
 (863,620 
 )  
   
   
 -27 
 %  
   
   
 (103,296 
 )  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
   
   
 576,103 
    
   
   
 549,463 
    
   
   
 474,442 
    
   
   
 26,640 
    
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 75,021 
    
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 144,522 
    
   
   
 121,524 
    
   
   
 107,973 
    
   
   
 22,998 
    
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 13,551 
    
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Fund Expenses (a) 
   
   
 79,499 
    
   
   
 30,498 
    
   
   
 26,658 
    
   
   
 49,001 
    
   
   
 161 
 %  
   
   
 3,840 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses (a) 
   
   
 3,090,875 
    
   
   
 3,855,856 
    
   
   
 3,866,740 
    
   
   
 (764,981 
 )  
   
   
 -20 
 %  
   
   
 (10,884 
 )  
   
   
 -0 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
   
   
 82,707 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 20,469 
    
   
   
 82,707 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (20,469 
 )  
   
   
 -100 
 %  
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
   
   
 176,364 
    
   
   
 357,854 
    
   
   
 381,664 
    
   
   
 (181,490 
 )  
   
   
 -51 
 %  
   
   
 (23,810 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
   
   
 259,071 
    
   
   
 357,854 
    
   
   
 402,133 
    
   
   
 (98,783 
 )  
   
   
 -28 
 %  
   
   
 (44,279 
 )  
   
   
 -11 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes (a) 
   
   
 1,814,748 
    
   
   
 3,986,726 
    
   
   
 3,148,561 
    
   
   
 (2,171,978 
 )  
   
   
 -54 
 %  
   
   
 838,165 
    
   
   
 27 
 %  
 
   Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 190,398 
    
   
   
 291,173 
    
   
   
 255,642 
    
   
   
 (100,775 
 )  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
   
   
 35,531 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (a) 
   
   
 1,624,350 
    
   
   
 3,695,553 
    
   
   
 2,892,919 
    
   
   
 (2,071,203 
 )  
   
   
 -56 
 %  
   
   
 802,634 
    
   
   
 28 
 %  
 
   Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 11,145 
    
   
   
 74,794 
    
   
   
 183,315 
    
   
   
 (63,649 
 )  
   
   
 -85 
 %  
   
   
 (108,521 
 )  
   
   
 -59 
 %  
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities (a) 
   
   
 219,900 
    
   
   
 335,070 
    
   
   
 198,557 
    
   
   
 (115,170 
 )  
   
   
 -34 
 %  
   
   
 136,513 
    
   
   
 69 
 %  
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 683,516 
    
   
   
 1,701,100 
    
   
   
 1,339,845 
    
   
   
 (1,017,584 
 )  
   
   
 -60 
 %  
   
   
 361,255 
    
   
   
 27 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 $ 
 709,789 
    
   
 $ 
 1,584,589 
    
   
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
   
 $ 
 (874,800 
 )  
   
   
 -55 
 %  
   
 $ 
 413,387 
    
   
   
 35 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The amounts reported for the year ended December 31, 2015 reflect an adjustment from those reported in our earnings release dated January 28, 2016.
 
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014
   Revenues    Total Revenues were $4.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $2.8 billion, or 38%, compared to $7.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was
primarily attributable to decreases in Performance Fees and Investment Income of $2.6 billion and $329.4 million, respectively.  
 During 2015, the operating environment for equity and credit investing was characterized by concerns related to macroeconomic
developments, including the economic outlook in China and the United States, as well as significantly lower global equity prices, widening high-yield credit spreads and declining energy prices. The decline in equity markets and turbulence in the
credit markets adversely impacted our Performance Fees and Investment Income relative to 2014. The lower rate of fund appreciation in 2015 relative to 2014 was due, in significant part, to the declines in our publicly-traded portfolio companies in
the second half, particularly in lodging and energy. To a lesser extent, the results were impacted by certain unrealized markdowns in energy and credit and currency translation effects on some our non-U.S. holdings. Growth in global gross domestic
product slowed in 2015 and resulted in a slowdown of certain sectors and regions in our global portfolio. If macroeconomic conditions were to deteriorate in the future with a resulting decline in our fund investments, our revenues would likely be
negatively impacted. See “— Segment Analysis” below for further information about material trends and uncertainties that may impact our results of operations.    Performance Fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $2.6 billion compared to $4.4 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2014. The decrease in Performance Fees was primarily due to decreases in our Private Equity, Real Estate, and Credit segments of $1.2 billion, $1.0 billion and $270.4 million, respectively. The decrease in our Private Equity
segment was principally due to lower net returns in our corporate private equity portfolio, despite overall solid net performance. Performance Fees in our Real Estate segment decreased due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of
investments in our BREP carry funds from 20.9% to 9.7%. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the increase in carrying value of assets for Blackstone’s contributed Real Estate opportunistic funds was driven by sustained strong operating
fundamentals in the private portfolio resulting in appreciation of 16.6%, offset by public portfolio depreciation of 8.6%, particularly in lodging. Performance Fees decreased in our Credit segment due to our energy investments, overall declines in
the credit market, underperformance in certain  event-driven  assets and technical pressure caused by year end selling.    Investment Income was $204.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $329.4 million compared to $534.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in
Investment Income was primarily due to decreases in our Real Estate and Private Equity segments of $246.5 million and $105.5 million, respectively. The decrease in our Real Estate segment was primarily due to a year over year net depreciation of
investments in our BREP VI fund. Blackstone has a larger investment in BREP VI than in other BREP funds. The decrease in our Private Equity segment was driven by our BCP V and BCP VI funds which generated strong net returns of 8.1% and 7.9%,
respectively, for the year but were slightly lower than the returns generated in the full year 2014 mainly as a result of the lower returns in our public portfolio and certain investment markdowns in energy.  
 Expenses  
 Expenses were $3.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $765.0 million compared to $3.9 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in Performance Fee Compensation and Compensation of $720.9 million and $142.7 million, respectively, partially offset by increases of $49.0 million and $23.0 million
in Fund Expenses and Interest Expense, respectively. Performance Fee Compensation is derived from Performance Fee Revenue. The decrease in Performance Fee Compensation was due to the decrease in Performance Fee Revenue. The decrease in Compensation
was primarily due to lower  equity-based  compensation expense related to awards granted in connection with Blackstone’s IPO,  
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
which were fully vested and expensed as of June 30, 2015 and an overall decrease in headcount driven by the October 1, 2015  spin-off  of
Blackstone’s Financial Advisory business. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in  equity-based  amortization charges due to the 2014 change in terms of Deferred Compensation Plan awards which
require future service and are therefore expensed over the service period. The increase in General, Administrative and Other was primarily due to transactional charges associated with the  spin-off, 
non-recurring costs related to the SEC settlement, occupancy increases and business development costs. Due to the spin-off, partially offsetting these increases was a reduction in expenses directly incurred by the Advisory business. The $23.0
million increase in interest expense was primarily related to Blackstone’s issuance of senior notes in the second quarter of 2015. The increase in Fund Expenses primarily occurred in our Credit segment, where it was attributable to newly
launched CLOs and an increase in other expenses.    Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended
December 31, 2013    Revenues    Total Revenues were $7.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $871.6 million, or 13%, compared to $6.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was
primarily attributable to increases in Performance Fees and Management and Advisory Fees, Net of $830.2 million and $303.3 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in Investment Income of $266.3 million.  
 Performance Fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $4.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase
of $830.2 million compared to $3.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in Performance Fees was primarily driven by increases in our Private Equity segment of $1.2 billion, principally due to performance in our BCP V and
BCP VI funds, which generated net returns of 24% and 18%, respectively, with BCP V crossing its preferred return threshold during the period. Performance Fees in our Real Estate segment decreased by $137.8 million to $2.0 billion due to a year over
year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our BREP carry funds from 31.3% to 20.9%. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the increase in carrying value of assets for Blackstone’s contributed Real Estate funds, including
fee-paying co-investments, was driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio (23.2%, $8.8 billion) and public portfolio appreciation (17.0%, $3.7 billion). Performance Fees decreased by $75.8 million in our Hedge Fund
Solutions segment due to lower returns. Performance Fees decreased by $199.9 million in our Credit segment due to challenging market conditions for lower rated credits in our hedge fund strategies business and a lower rate of appreciation in our
rescue lending business.    Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net were $2.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014,
an increase of $303.3 million compared to $2.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net was due to increases in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment of $72.0 million, our Private Equity segment
of $71.9 million, our Real Estate segment of $63.6 million, and our Credit segment of $63.8 million. The increase in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment was primarily due to an increase in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management. The increase in our
Private Equity segment was primarily due to the increase in the funds raised for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles and Strategic Partners secondary private fund of funds business as well as the inclusion of the Strategic Partners
management fees for the full year. The increase in our Real Estate segment was principally due to fees generated from fundraising within BREP Europe IV, BREP Asia, BPP and invested capital within BREDS, partially offset by the expiration of BREP V
and realizations across the portfolio. The increase in our Credit segment was driven by the incremental capital raised for our hedge fund strategies business and business development companies.  
 Investment Income was $534.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $266.3 million compared to $800.3 million
for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in Investment Income was primarily due to decreases in our Real Estate and Private Equity segments of $152.4 million and $71.0 million, respectively. The decrease in our Real Estate segment was
due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our BREP VI fund. Blackstone has a larger investment in BREP VI than in other BREP funds. The decrease in our Private Equity segment was driven by our BCP V and BEP funds
which generated strong net returns of 24% and 12%, respectively, for the year but were slightly lower than the returns generated in the full year 2013.  
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Expenses    Expenses were $3.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $10.9 million compared to $3.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily
attributable to a decrease in Performance Fee Compensation of $127.7 million, partially offset by increases of $75.0 million, $24.4 million and $13.6 million, respectively, in General, Administrative and Other, Compensation and Interest Expense. The
decrease in Performance Fee Compensation was due to lower compensation ratios on Performance Fee Revenue and pre-IPO deals. A significant amount of the Performance Fees granted to employees on deals closed prior to the IPO were exchanged for units
of Blackstone at the time of the IPO. Therefore, for these pre-IPO deals, Blackstone retains significantly more of the Performance Fees that it earns than it does for deals closed after the IPO. This results in lower Performance Fee Compensation for
pre-IPO deals. The $75.0 million increase in General, Administrative and Other was primarily due to spin-off transaction related charges, professional fees, occupancy increases and business development costs. The $24.4 million increase in
Compensation was due to an overall increase in revenue, on which compensation is based, offset by lower equity-based amortization charges on our transaction-related awards and a reduction of compensation expense due to a change in the terms of
Deferred Compensation Plan awards which require future service and are therefore no longer expensed immediately. This resulted in $102.6 million less Compensation recorded in the fourth quarter of 2014 than would have been recorded under the prior
plan. The $13.6 million increase in Interest Expense was primarily related to Blackstone’s issuance of senior notes during the second quarter of 2014.    Other Income    Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities
is attributable to the consolidated Blackstone Funds which are largely held by third party investors. As such, most of this Other Income was eliminated from the results attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. through the redeemable non-controlling
interests and non-controlling interests items in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Year Ended December 31,
2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014    Other Income was $259.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2015, a decrease of $98.8 million compared to $357.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was due to a decrease in Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities of $181.5 million, partially offset by an increase due to a
Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability of $82.7 million.    Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment
Activities was $176.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $181.5 million compared to $357.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This decrease was primarily comprised of decreases in our Real Estate, Hedge
Fund Solutions and Private Equity segments of $148.3 million, $73.8 million and $62.0 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase of $102.7 million in our Credit segment. The Real Estate decrease was primarily the result of the
deconsolidation of certain funds as well as a year over year net decreases in the appreciation of investments across our funds. The decrease in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment was primarily the result of a decrease in investment performance and the
deconsolidation of a number of funds. The decrease in our Private Equity segment was primarily due to the lower unrealized gains compared to the same period in 2014. The increase in our Credit segment was primarily due to lower valuations on the
liabilities of certain consolidated CLO vehicles, which led to increases in unrealized gains.    For the year ended
December 31, 2015, there was a Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability resulting in an increase of $82.7 million.  
 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013  
 Other Income was $357.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $44.3 million compared to $402.1 million for the
year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was comprised of decreases in Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities of $23.8 million and Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability of $20.5 million.  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities was $357.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $23.8 million compared to $381.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This decrease was primarily comprised of decreases in our Hedge Fund Solutions and Private Equity segments of $99.4
million and $25.0 million, respectively, partially offset by increases of $40.7 million and $39.4 million in our Real Estate and Credit segments, respectively. The decrease in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment was primarily the result of a decrease
in investment performance from certain of our consolidated funds. The Real Estate increase was driven by valuation gains on investments across our global Real Estate funds. The increase in our Credit segment was primarily due to lower valuations on
the liabilities of certain consolidated CLO vehicles, which led to increases in unrealized gains.    For the year ended
December 31, 2014, there was no Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability resulting in a decrease of $20.5 million.  
 Provision for Taxes    Blackstone’s Provision for Taxes for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $190.4 million, $291.2 million and $255.6 million, respectively. This resulted in an effective tax rate
of 10.5%, 7.3% and 8.1%, respectively, based on our Income Before Provision for Taxes of $1.8 billion, $4.0 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively.    The primary factor that contributed to the 3.2% increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the year ended December 31, 2014 is that pre-tax book income
includes $1.2 billion for 2015 and $3.3 billion for 2014 of  pre-tax  income that is passed through to common unitholders and non-controlling interest holders and is not subject to tax by the Partnership
and its subsidiaries. This resulted in a 6.4% increase to the effective tax rate in 2015 compared to 2014, which is partially offset by a 3.5% decrease to the effective tax rate when comparing 2015 to 2014 resulting from increased interest expense.
   The primary factor that contributed to the 0.8% decrease in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2014
compared to the year ended December 31, 2013 is the amount that book  equity-based  compensation expense exceeded the tax deductible equity-based compensation expense due to the issuance of units that are
not tax deductible since they represent a value for value exchange for tax purposes. Although this amount did not change significantly in 2014 compared to 2013,  pre-tax  book income was significantly higher in
2014 than 2013 resulting in a decrease to the effective rate of 0.5% when comparing 2014 to 2013.    All factors except for the
reversal of the deferred tax asset are expected to impact the effective tax rate for future years.    Additional information
regarding our income taxes can be found in Note 14. “Income Taxes” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities    The Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities and Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities is attributable to the
consolidated Blackstone Funds. The amounts of these items vary directly with the performance of the consolidated Blackstone Funds and largely eliminate the amount of Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities from the Net Income
(Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P.    Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings
is derived from the Income Before Provision for Taxes, excluding the Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities and the Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability, and the percentage allocation of the income between Blackstone Holdings and The
Blackstone Group L.P. after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P.  
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the net income before taxes
allocated to Blackstone Holdings was 47.0%, 47.9% and 49.3%, respectively. The decreases of 0.9% and 1.4% were primarily due to conversions of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone common units and the vesting of common units.
   The Other Income — Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was entirely allocated to The Blackstone Group L.P.
   Operating Metrics    The following graph summarizes the Fee-Earning Assets Under Management by Segment and Total Assets Under Management by Segment, followed by a rollforward of activity for the years ended December 31,
2015, 2014 and 2013. For a description of how Assets Under Management and Fee-Earning Assets Under Management are determined, please see “— Key Financial Measures and Indicators — Operating Metrics — Assets Under Management and
Fee-Earning Assets Under Management.”          
 


 
      
 Note:    Totals may not add due to rounding.  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit (h) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit (h) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Fee-Earning Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 43,890,167 
    
   
 $ 
 52,563,068 
    
   
 $ 
 61,417,558 
    
   
 $ 
 58,821,006 
    
   
 $ 
 216,691,799 
    
   
 $ 
 42,600,515 
    
   
 $ 
 50,792,803 
    
   
 $ 
 52,865,837 
    
   
 $ 
 51,722,584 
    
   
 $ 
 197,981,739 
    
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 13,882,257 
    
   
   
 27,698,203 
    
   
   
 9,667,274 
    
   
   
 17,310,414 
    
   
   
 68,558,148 
    
   
   
 6,757,450 
    
   
   
 11,536,435 
    
   
   
 12,021,209 
    
   
   
 19,845,686 
    
   
   
 50,160,780 
    
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (1,395,020 
 )  
   
   
 (4,165,520 
 )  
   
   
 (5,430,094 
 )  
   
   
 (5,711,573 
 )  
   
   
 (16,702,207 
 )  
   
   
 (1,124,355 
 )  
   
   
 (295,067 
 )  
   
   
 (5,362,968 
 )  
   
   
 (3,458,712 
 )  
   
   
 (10,241,102 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (5,106,650 
 )  
   
   
 (8,513,771 
 )  
   
   
 (516,619 
 )  
   
   
 (6,318,060 
 )  
   
   
 (20,455,100 
 )  
   
   
 (4,733,564 
 )  
   
   
 (8,719,534 
 )  
   
   
 (312,486 
 )  
   
   
 (7,897,115 
 )  
   
   
 (21,662,699 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows 
   
   
 7,380,587 
    
   
   
 15,018,912 
    
   
   
 3,720,561 
    
   
   
 5,280,781 
    
   
   
 31,400,841 
    
   
   
 899,531 
    
   
   
 2,521,834 
    
   
   
 6,345,755 
    
   
   
 8,489,859 
    
   
   
 18,256,979 
    
 
   Market Appreciation (Depreciation) (d)(f) 
   
   
 180,442 
    
   
   
 (236,623 
 )  
   
   
 527,320 
    
   
   
 (2,417,407 
 )  
   
   
 (1,946,268 
 )  
   
   
 390,121 
    
   
   
 (751,569 
 )  
   
   
 2,205,966 
    
   
   
 (1,391,437 
 )  
   
   
 453,081 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period (e) 
   
 $ 
 51,451,196 
    
   
 $ 
 67,345,357 
    
   
 $ 
 65,665,439 
    
   
 $ 
 61,684,380 
    
   
 $ 
 246,146,372 
    
   
 $ 
 43,890,167 
    
   
 $ 
 52,563,068 
    
   
 $ 
 61,417,558 
    
   
 $ 
 58,821,006 
    
   
 $ 
 216,691,799 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 7,561,029 
    
   
 $ 
 14,782,289 
    
   
 $ 
 4,247,881 
    
   
 $ 
 2,863,374 
    
   
 $ 
 29,454,573 
    
   
 $ 
 1,289,652 
    
   
 $ 
 1,770,265 
    
   
 $ 
 8,551,721 
    
   
 $ 
 7,098,422 
    
   
 $ 
 18,710,060 
    
 
   Increase 
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit (h) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Fee-Earning Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 37,050,167 
    
   
 $ 
 41,931,339 
    
   
 $ 
 43,478,791 
    
   
 $ 
 45,420,143 
    
   
 $ 
 167,880,440 
    
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 9,884,340 
    
   
   
 13,835,625 
    
   
   
 9,098,002 
    
   
   
 15,588,769 
    
   
   
 48,406,736 
    
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (392,882 
 )  
   
   
 (1,329,763 
 )  
   
   
 (3,626,636 
 )  
   
   
 (1,793,738 
 )  
   
   
 (7,143,019 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (4,025,167 
 )  
   
   
 (3,649,494 
 )  
   
   
 (348,126 
 )  
   
   
 (9,475,232 
 )  
   
   
 (17,498,019 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows 
   
   
 5,466,291 
    
   
   
 8,856,368 
    
   
   
 5,123,240 
    
   
   
 4,319,799 
    
   
   
 23,765,698 
    
 
   Market Appreciation (d)(f) 
   
   
 84,057 
    
   
   
 5,096 
    
   
   
 4,263,806 
    
   
   
 1,982,642 
    
   
   
 6,335,601 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period (e) 
   
 $ 
 42,600,515 
    
   
 $ 
 50,792,803 
    
   
 $ 
 52,865,837 
    
   
 $ 
 51,722,584 
    
   
 $ 
 197,981,739 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 5,550,348 
    
   
 $ 
 8,861,464 
    
   
 $ 
 9,387,046 
    
   
 $ 
 6,302,441 
    
   
 $ 
 30,101,299 
    
 
   Increase 
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit (h) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit (h) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Total Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 73,073,252 
    
   
 $ 
 80,863,187 
    
   
 $ 
 63,585,670 
    
   
 $ 
 72,858,960 
    
   
 $ 
 290,381,069 
    
   
 $ 
 65,675,031 
    
   
 $ 
 79,410,788 
    
   
 $ 
 55,657,463 
    
   
 $ 
 65,014,348 
    
   
 $ 
 265,757,630 
    
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 30,034,911 
    
   
   
 29,473,697 
    
   
   
 11,040,950 
    
   
   
 23,035,118 
    
   
   
 93,584,676 
    
   
   
 13,677,363 
    
   
   
 11,080,384 
    
   
   
 11,428,764 
    
   
   
 21,072,695 
    
   
   
 57,259,206 
    
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (406,955 
 )  
   
   
 (342,233 
 )  
   
   
 (5,559,483 
 )  
   
   
 (6,372,790 
 )  
   
   
 (12,681,461 
 )  
   
   
 (1,624,064 
 )  
   
   
 (896,394 
 )  
   
   
 (5,430,780 
 )  
   
   
 (3,763,200 
 )  
   
   
 (11,714,438 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (13,493,163 
 )  
   
   
 (21,016,540 
 )  
   
   
 (554,584 
 )  
   
   
 (7,605,824 
 )  
   
   
 (42,670,111 
 )  
   
   
 (15,379,066 
 )  
   
   
 (20,389,808 
 )  
   
   
 (416,882 
 )  
   
   
 (9,301,444 
 )  
   
   
 (45,487,200 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows (Outflows) 
   
   
 16,134,793 
    
   
   
 8,114,924 
    
   
   
 4,926,883 
    
   
   
 9,056,504 
    
   
   
 38,233,104 
    
   
   
 (3,325,767 
 )  
   
   
 (10,205,818 
 )  
   
   
 5,581,102 
    
   
   
 8,008,051 
    
   
   
 57,568 
    
 
   Market Appreciation (Depreciation) (d)(g) 
   
   
 5,072,029 
    
   
   
 4,939,713 
    
   
   
 592,872 
    
   
   
 (2,834,212 
 )  
   
   
 7,770,402 
    
   
   
 10,723,988 
    
   
   
 11,658,217 
    
   
   
 2,347,105 
    
   
   
 (163,439 
 )  
   
   
 24,565,871 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period (e) 
   
 $ 
 94,280,074 
    
   
 $ 
 93,917,824 
    
   
 $ 
 69,105,425 
    
   
 $ 
 79,081,252 
    
   
 $ 
 336,384,575 
    
   
 $ 
 73,073,252 
    
   
 $ 
 80,863,187 
    
   
 $ 
 63,585,670 
    
   
 $ 
 72,858,960 
    
   
 $ 
 290,381,069 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 21,206,822 
    
   
 $ 
 13,054,637 
    
   
 $ 
 5,519,755 
    
   
 $ 
 6,222,292 
    
   
 $ 
 46,003,506 
    
   
 $ 
 7,398,221 
    
   
 $ 
 1,452,399 
    
   
 $ 
 7,928,207 
    
   
 $ 
 7,844,612 
    
   
 $ 
 24,623,439 
    
 
   Increase 
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit (h) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Total Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 51,002,973 
    
   
 $ 
 56,695,645 
    
   
 $ 
 46,092,505 
    
   
 $ 
 56,428,837 
    
   
 $ 
 210,219,960 
    
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 14,420,278 
    
   
   
 17,686,592 
    
   
   
 9,337,644 
    
   
   
 19,040,769 
    
   
   
 60,485,283 
    
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (653,357 
 )  
   
   
 (1,049,598 
 )  
   
   
 (3,854,587 
 )  
   
   
 (2,519,238 
 )  
   
   
 (8,076,780 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (9,584,276 
 )  
   
   
 (8,298,220 
 )  
   
   
 (447,960 
 )  
   
   
 (11,799,676 
 )  
   
   
 (30,130,132 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows 
   
   
 4,182,645 
    
   
   
 8,338,774 
    
   
   
 5,035,097 
    
   
   
 4,721,855 
    
   
   
 22,278,371 
    
 
   Market Appreciation (d)(g) 
   
   
 10,489,413 
    
   
   
 14,376,369 
    
   
   
 4,529,861 
    
   
   
 3,863,656 
    
   
   
 33,259,299 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period (e) 
   
 $ 
 65,675,031 
    
   
 $ 
 79,410,788 
    
   
 $ 
 55,657,463 
    
   
 $ 
 65,014,348 
    
   
 $ 
 265,757,630 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 14,672,058 
    
   
 $ 
 22,715,143 
    
   
 $ 
 9,564,958 
    
   
 $ 
 8,585,511 
    
   
 $ 
 55,537,670 
    
 
   Increase 
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Inflows represent contributions in our hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds, increases in available capital for our carry funds (capital raises, recallable capital
and increased side-by-side commitments) and CLOs and increases in the capital we manage pursuant to separately managed account programs.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Outflows represent redemptions in our hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds, client withdrawals from our separately managed account programs and decreases in
available capital for our carry funds (expired capital, expense drawdowns and decreased side-by-side commitments).  
 
 
 (c) 
 Realizations represent realizations from the disposition of assets, capital returned to investors from CLOs and the effect of changes in the definition of Total Assets
Under Management.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Market appreciation (depreciation) includes realized and unrealized gains (losses) on portfolio investments and the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
 
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (e) 
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management and Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2015 included $94.6 million and $115.8 million, respectively, from a joint
venture in which we are the minority interest holder.  
 
 
 (f) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2015, the impact to Fee-Earning Assets Under Management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(17.0) million, $(642.4)
million, $(999.2) million and $(1.7) billion for the Private Equity, Real Estate, Credit and Total segments, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2014, such impact was $(11.8) million, $(957.4) million, $(1.3) billion and $(2.3)
billion for the Private Equity, Real Estate, Credit and Total segments, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2013, such impact was $5.7 million, $188.5 million, $470.0 million and $664.2 million for the Private Equity, Real
Estate, Credit and Total segments, respectively.  
 
 
 (g) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2015, the impact to Total Assets Under Management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $(508.1) million, $(1.9) billion,
$(1.1) billion and $(3.5) billion for the Private Equity, Real Estate, Credit and Total segments, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2014, such impact was $(357.1) million, $(2.0) billion, $(1.5) billion and $(3.8) billion for the
Private Equity, Real Estate, Credit and Total segments, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2013, such impact was $(249.2) million, $69.3 million, $469.9 million and $290.0 million for the Private Equity, Real Estate, Credit and
Total segments, respectively.  
 
 
 (h) 
 On December 31, 2015, the Credit segment refined the classification of required dividend payments from its business development companies and certain long only
investment vehicles for purposes of reporting the roll forward components of Fee-Earning and Total Assets Under Management. Historically, these amounts had been reported as Outflows and they are now reported as Realizations. Furthermore, dividends
had previously been reported net of reinvestments but now the reinvestments are reported as Inflows. All historical periods have been recast to conform to the new definition.  
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management    Fee-Earning Assets Under Management were $246.1 billion at December 31, 2015, an increase of $29.5 billion, or 14%, compared to $216.7 billion at December 31, 2014. The net increase was due
to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $68.6 billion related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $27.7 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily related to $15.6 billion raised for BREP VIII, $7.2 billion raised/invested for BPP, $1.5
billion invested for BREP VII post its investment period, $1.1 billion invested for BREDS II and $1.0 billion raised for BXMT,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $17.3 billion in our Credit segment driven by $4.8 billion raised in CLO launches, $4.8 billion raised in our business development companies
(“BDCs”), $3.6 billion raised in our drawdown funds and $2.0 billion raised in our Hedge Fund Strategies,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $13.9 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily due to $5.0 billion raised in our Tactical Opportunities platform, $4.5 billion raised for
Blackstone Energy Partners II, $1.0 billion raised from Strategic Partners and $850.3 million of inflows from BTAS, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.7 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment mainly related to growth in its customized, commingled, and individual investor solutions products,
and additional closings on the general partner interests vehicle.    Offsetting these increases were:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $20.5 billion primarily driven by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $8.5 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily due to realizations of $4.4 billion in BREP global and European opportunistic funds,
$2.6 billion in BREDS and $769.2 million in BREP  co-investment,       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.3 billion in our Credit segment primarily due to $3.8 billion capital returned to CLO investors from CLOs that are post their re-investment periods,
$1.4 billion capital returned to investors in drawdown funds and $776.3 million capital returned to investors in BDC funds, and  
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.1 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily due to continued disposition activity across the segment, mainly from BCP V and our Strategic
Partners fund of funds.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $16.7 billion primarily attributable to:      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.7 billion in our Credit segment, which includes $3.6 billion of redemptions due to investors’ general liquidity needs as well as their paring
back in credit investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.4 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment primarily due to the liquidity needs of limited partners and certain strategic shifts in their
programs,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.2 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily due to $4.0 billion of uninvested reserves at the close of BREP VII’s investment period, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.4 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily from the end of the investment periods for BEP and Tactical Opportunities initial platform of
separately managed accounts as well as our outflows in our Strategic Partners fund of funds.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market depreciation of $1.9 billion principally due to solid returns from the BAAM Principal Solutions (“BPS”) Composite funds in our Hedge
Fund Solutions segment offset by $2.4 billion in market depreciation in our Credit segment. The $2.4 billion in market depreciation in our Credit segment, which includes $999.2 million of foreign exchange depreciation, is primarily driven by $1.3
billion in market depreciation from our U.S. and Europe CLOs, $613.4 million in market depreciation from our hedge fund strategies and $518.7 million in market depreciation from our BDCs.  
 BAAM had net inflows of $1.3 billion from January 1 through February 1, 2016.  
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management were $216.7 billion at December 31, 2014, an increase of $18.7 billion, or 9%, compared to
$198.0 billion at December 31, 2013. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $50.2 billion related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $19.8 billion in our Credit segment driven by $5.5 billion raised in CLO launches, $5.2 billion raised in our business development companies
(“BDCs”), $3.9 billion raised in hedge fund strategies and $2.4 billion of capital deployed in our mezzanine and rescue lending funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $12.0 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment mainly related to growth in its customized and commingled products and co-investment platform,
additional closings on the general partner interests vehicle and the launch of BAAM’s second alternative investment-focused mutual fund and first liquid alternative UCITS structure fund,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.5 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily related to $3.1 billion capital raised and/or invested for BREDS, $3.0 billion raised for BREP
Europe IV, $1.8 billion raised for BREP Asia, $874.0 million raised for BPP and $779.5 million raised for BXMT, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.8 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily due to fundraising related to Strategic Partners’ sixth fund as well as additional capital
raised for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $453.1 million principally due to solid returns from the BPS Composite funds in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment offset by $1.4
billion in market depreciation for U.S. and European CLOs in the Credit segment principally due to foreign exchange depreciation and $751.6 million in our Real Estate segment principally due to foreign exchange depreciation.
   Offsetting these increases were:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $21.7 billion primarily driven by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $8.7 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily due to realizations of $2.7 billion from BREP VI, $2.5 billion from BREDS, $1.5 billion from BREP
co-investment, $1.0 billion from BREP V and $565.3 million from BREP Europe III,  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   $7.9 billion in our Credit segment primarily due to $5.2 billion returned to CLO investors from CLOs that are post their reinvestment periods and $1.8
billion returned across the Mezzanine and Rescue Lending funds, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.7 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily resulting from $3.3 billion return of capital from our BCP V fund including public share sales of
Hilton, Pinnacle, and Nielsen and strategic sales in Apria, United Biscuits and Mivisa, and $1.0 billion of fee earning realizations in Strategic Partners.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $10.2 billion primarily attributable to:      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.4 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment primarily due to the liquidity needs of limited partners and certain strategic shifts in their
programs, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.5 billion in our Credit segment primarily from our long-only platform, hedge fund strategies and business development companies.
   Total Assets Under Management  
 Total Assets Under Management were $336.4 billion at December 31, 2015, an increase of $46.0 billion, or 16%, compared to $290.4
billion at December 31, 2014. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $93.6 billion primarily related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $30.0 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily related to $18.0 billion raised for the seventh private equity fund (the corresponding
Fee-Earning Assets Under Management Inflow will occur when the investment period for this fund commences), $7.0 billion raised for Tactical Opportunities, $2.2 billion raised from Strategic Partners and $714.2 million of inflows from BTAS,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $29.5 billion in our Real Estate segment attributable to $16.0 billion raised for BREP VIII, $6.9 billion raised for BPP, $1.3 billion raised
during the initial closing for the third real estate debt strategies fund, $1.0 billion raised for BXMT, and $740.3 million raised for BREP co-investment,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $23.0 billion in our Credit segment primarily due to $5.0 billion raised from CLO launches, $4.8 billion raised for BDCs, $3.9 billion raised in
our energy focused products, $3.6 billion raised in European senior debt strategies, $2.5 billion raised in our other long only funds and $2.0 billion raised in hedge fund strategies, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.0 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due primarily to the reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $7.8 billion due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.1 billion appreciation in our Private Equity segment driven by significant returns in funds across the segment,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.9 billion net appreciation in our Real Estate segment driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio resulting in
appreciation of 16.6% offset by public portfolio depreciation of 8.6%, and by $1.9 billion of foreign exchange depreciation, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.8 billion depreciation in our Credit segment due to reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Asset Under Management, including $1.1 billion attributable
to foreign currency depreciation.    Offsetting these increases were:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $42.7 billion driven by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $21.0 billion in our Real Estate segment due to realizations across the segment with 78% of realizations generated from the BREP Global and European
opportunistic platform, including  co-investment,   
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   $13.5 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily due to continued disposition activity across the segment, mainly from our BCP V fund and
Strategic Partners fund of funds, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $7.6 billion in our Credit segment due to capital returned to CLO investors from CLOs that are post their reinvestment periods and realizations in our
carry funds.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $12.7 billion primarily attributable to:      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $6.4 billion in our Credit segment primarily due to reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.6 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due to reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management.  
 Total Assets Under Management were $290.4 billion at December 31, 2014, an increase of $24.6 billion, or 9%, compared to $265.8
billion at December 31, 2013. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $57.3 billion primarily related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $21.1 billion in our Credit segment due to the reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $13.7 billion in our Private Equity segment due primarily to capital raised for Strategic Partners’ sixth fund of funds, our second energy focused
fund and additional capital raised for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.4 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due primarily to the reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.1 billion in our Real Estate segment attributable to $3.1 billion raised for BREP Europe IV, $2.3 billion raised for BPP, $1.8 billion raised
for BREP Asia, $1.2 billion raised for BREDS and $779.5 million raised for BXMT.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $24.6 billion due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.7 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio (23.2%, $8.8 billion) and public
portfolio appreciation (17.0%, $3.7 billion),      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.7 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by significant returns in funds across the segment, primarily in BCP V and BCP VI, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.3 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by the BPS Composite up 7.0% gross (5.9% net).  
 Offsetting these increases were:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $45.5 billion driven by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $20.4 billion in our Real Estate segment due to realizations of $7.3 billion in BREP VI, $3.6 billion in BREP co-investment, $2.4 billion in BREP V,
$2.1 billion in BREP VII, $2.0 billion in BREDS and $1.4 billion in BREP Europe III,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $15.4 billion in our Private Equity segment due to execution on monetization opportunities across our corporate private equity portfolio, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.3 billion in our Credit segment due to capital returned to CLO investors from CLOs that are post their reinvestment periods and realizations in our
carry funds and BDCs.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $11.7 billion primarily attributable to:      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.4 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment primarily related to the liquidity needs of limited partners and certain strategic shifts in their
programs.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.8 billion in our Credit segment primarily due to reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management.  
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Limited Partner Capital Invested  
 The following presents the limited partner capital invested during the respective periods:  
         


 
      
 Note:    Totals in graph may not add due to rounding.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2014 vs. 2013 
   
   
 2015 vs. 2014 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   


 
   Limited Partner Capital Invested 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Private Equity 
   
 $ 
 2,568,582 
    
   
 $ 
 9,623,273 
    
   
 $ 
 10,219,178 
    
   
 $ 
 7,054,691 
    
   
   
 275 
 %  
   
 $ 
 595,905 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   Real Estate 
   
   
 9,741,277 
    
   
   
 11,235,142 
    
   
   
 16,259,362 
    
   
   
 1,493,865 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 5,024,220 
    
   
   
 45 
 %  
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 431,275 
    
   
   
 854,128 
    
   
   
 243,241 
    
   
   
 422,853 
    
   
   
 98 
 %  
   
   
 (610,887 
 )  
   
   
 -72 
 %  
 
   Credit 
   
   
 1,438,570 
    
   
   
 2,656,958 
    
   
   
 3,783,265 
    
   
   
 1,218,388 
    
   
   
 85 
 %  
   
   
 1,126,307 
    
   
   
 42 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 14,179,704 
    
   
 $ 
 24,369,501 
    
   
 $ 
 30,505,046 
    
   
 $ 
 10,189,797 
    
   
   
 72 
 %  
   
 $ 
 6,135,545 
    
   
   
 25 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Limited Partner Capital Invested was $30.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase
of $6.1 billion, or 25%, from $24.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014. The amount of Limited Partner Capital Invested is a function of finding opportunistic investments that fit our investment philosophy and strategy in each of our
segments as well as the relative size and timing of investment closings within those segments. Our Private Equity segment deployed greater capital in 2015 than in 2014 as we found strong opportunities that fit within our investment philosophy for
our corporate private equity funds as well as increased capital deployment opportunities within our Tactical Opportunities and Strategic Partners businesses. Our Real Estate segment deployed $16.3 billion of capital in 2015, a 45% increase from 2014
primarily due to a significant increase in investment activity in BPP. Our Hedge Fund Solutions segment is investing capital based on the relative investment opportunities from the hedge fund manager seeding platform and general partner interests
vehicle. In our Credit segment, capital deployed for the year ended December 31, 2015, was higher compared to the year ended December 31, 2014 primarily due to a greater number of investment opportunities in our carry funds that fit within
our investment philosophy, notably within the energy sector and European direct lending space.  
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following presents the committed undrawn capital available for investment (“dry
powder”) as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:          
 


 
      
 Note: Totals may not add due to rounding. Amounts are as of December 31 of each year.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents illiquid drawdown funds only; excludes marketable vehicles; includes both Fee-Earning (third party) capital and general partner and employee commitments that
do not earn fees. Amounts are reduced by outstanding commitments to invest, but for which capital has not been called.  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net Accrued Performance Fees  
 The following table presents the accrued performance fees, net of performance fee compensation, of the Blackstone Funds as of
December 31, 2015 and 2014. Net accrued performance fees presented do not include clawback amounts, if any, which are disclosed in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Contingent Obligations (Clawback)”
in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing. The net accrued performance fee as of each reporting date is principally unrealized carried
interest and incentive fees which, if realized, can be a significant component of Distributable Earnings.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Millions) 
   


 
   Private Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BCP IV Carried Interest 
    
 $ 
 144 
    
    
 $ 
 282 
    
 
   BCP V Carried Interest 
    
   
 288 
    
    
   
 1,050 
    
 
   BCP VI Carried Interest 
    
   
 359 
    
    
   
 233 
    
 
   BEP Carried Interest 
    
   
 48 
    
    
   
 63 
    
 
   Tactical Opportunities Carried Interest 
    
   
 52 
    
    
   
 24 
    
 
   BTAS Carried Interest 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Strategic Partners Carried Interest 
    
   
 36 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Other Carried Interest 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Private Equity (a) 
    
   
 931 
    
    
   
 1,657 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Real Estate 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BREP IV Carried Interest 
    
   
 20 
    
    
   
 18 
    
 
   BREP V Carried Interest 
    
   
 497 
    
    
   
 602 
    
 
   BREP VI Carried Interest 
    
   
 628 
    
    
   
 1,113 
    
 
   BREP VII Carried Interest 
    
   
 608 
    
    
   
 605 
    
 
   BREP VIII Carried Interest 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   BREP Europe III Carried Interest 
    
   
 186 
    
    
   
 183 
    
 
   BREP Europe IV Carried Interest 
    
   
 121 
    
    
   
 37 
    
 
   BREP Asia Carried Interest 
    
   
 54 
    
    
   
 17 
    
 
   BPP Carried Interest 
    
   
 28 
    
    
   
 14 
    
 
   BREDS Carried Interest 
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 14 
    
 
   BPP Incentive Fees 
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   BREDS Incentive Fees 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Asia Platform Incentive Fees 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 7 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Real Estate (a) 
    
   
 2,186 
    
    
   
 2,612 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 38 
    
    
   
 76 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
   
 38 
    
    
   
 76 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Credit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 77 
    
    
   
 175 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 32 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Credit 
    
   
 96 
    
    
   
 207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Blackstone 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 3,169 
    
    
   
 4,435 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 117 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Accrued Performance Fees 
    
 $ 
 3,251 
    
    
 $ 
 4,552 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Private Equity and Real Estate include Co-Investments.  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Performance Fee Eligible Assets Under Management  
 The following represents invested and to be invested capital, including closed commitments for funds whose investment period has not yet
commenced, on which performance fees could be earned if certain hurdles are met:        


 
      
 
 
 Note: 
 Totals may not add due to rounding. Amounts are as of December 31.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents invested and to be invested capital at fair value, including closed commitments for funds whose investment period has not yet commenced, on which performance
fees could be earned if certain hurdles are met.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents dry powder exclusive of non-fee earning general partner and employee commitments.  
 Investment Record    Fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund
returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in The
Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents the investment record of our significant drawdown funds from
inception through December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 Unrealized Investments 
   
   
 Realized Investments 
   
    
 Total Investments 
   
    
 Net IRR (c) 
   
 
   Fund (Investment Period) 
    
 Committed Capital 
   
    
 Available Capital (a) 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 MOIC (b) 
   
    
 % Public 
   
   
 Value 
   
    
 MOIC (b) 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 MOIC (b) 
   
    
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Where Noted) 
   


 
   Private Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   BCP I (Oct 1987 / Oct 1993) 
    
 $ 
 859,081 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,741,738 
    
    
   
 2.6x 
    
    
 $ 
 1,741,738 
    
    
   
 2.6x 
    
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BCP II (Oct 1993 / Aug 1997) 
    
   
 1,361,100 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,256,819 
    
    
   
 2.5x 
    
    
   
 3,256,819 
    
    
   
 2.5x 
    
    
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
 
   BCP III (Aug 1997 / Nov 2002) 
    
   
 3,967,422 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,184,688 
    
    
   
 2.3x 
    
    
   
 9,184,688 
    
    
   
 2.3x 
    
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   BCOM (Jun 2000 / Jun 2006) 
    
   
 2,137,330 
    
    
   
 199,298 
    
    
   
 155,610 
    
    
   
 1.6x 
    
    
   
 71 
 %  
   
   
 2,808,140 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 2,963,750 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   BCP IV (Nov 2002 / Dec 2005) 
    
   
 6,773,182 
    
    
   
 220,676 
    
    
   
 2,148,444 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 18,896,847 
    
    
   
 3.2x 
    
    
   
 21,045,291 
    
    
   
 2.8x 
    
    
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
   BCP V (Dec 2005 / Jan 2011) 
    
   
 21,025,483 
    
    
   
 1,261,713 
    
    
   
 11,213,593 
    
    
   
 1.5x 
    
    
   
 73 
 %  
   
   
 25,866,084 
    
    
   
 2.0x 
    
    
   
 37,079,677 
    
    
   
 1.8x 
    
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   BCP VI (Jan 2011 / Jan 2017) 
    
   
 15,186,676 
    
    
   
 3,437,279 
    
    
   
 14,556,872 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 2,010,281 
    
    
   
 1.9x 
    
    
   
 16,567,153 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 51 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BEP I (Aug 2011 / Feb 2015) 
    
   
 2,439,096 
    
    
   
 208,049 
    
    
   
 2,694,285 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 539,484 
    
    
   
 2.0x 
    
    
   
 3,233,769 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 57 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   BEP II (Feb 2015 / Feb 2021) 
    
   
 4,951,351 
    
    
   
 4,940,725 
    
    
   
 10,627 
    
    
   
 1.0x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 10,627 
    
    
   
 1.0x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   BCP VII (TBD) 
    
   
 18,000,000 
    
    
   
 18,000,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Corporate Private Equity 
    
   
 76,700,721 
    
    
   
 28,267,740 
    
    
   
 30,779,431 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 64,304,081 
    
    
   
 2.3x 
    
    
   
 95,083,512 
    
    
   
 1.9x 
    
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
    
   
 13,047,121 
    
    
   
 6,928,783 
    
    
   
 6,594,346 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 1,272,843 
    
    
   
 1.5x 
    
    
   
 7,867,189 
    
    
   
 1.2x 
    
    
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners I-V and Co-Investment 
    
   
 12,001,300 
    
    
   
 2,198,999 
    
    
   
 4,401,532 
    
    
   
 2.6x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12,857,614 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 17,259,146 
    
    
   
 1.5x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners VI 
    
   
 6,701,331 
    
    
   
 2,116,999 
    
    
   
 3,282,072 
    
    
   
 1.2x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 334,323 
    
    
   
 0.2x 
    
    
   
 3,616,395 
    
    
   
 0.8x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 63 
 %  
 
   Other Funds and Co-Investment (d) 
    
   
 3,013,278 
    
    
   
 1,308,318 
    
    
   
 1,395,181 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 227,280 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 1,622,461 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Private Equity 
    
 $ 
 111,463,751 
    
    
 $ 
 40,820,839 
    
    
 $ 
 46,452,562 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 30 
 %  
   
 $ 
 78,996,141 
    
    
   
 1.9x 
    
    
 $ 
 125,448,703 
    
    
   
 1.7x 
    
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Real Estate 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Dollar 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Pre-BREP 
    
 $ 
 140,714 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 345,190 
    
    
   
 2.5x 
    
    
 $ 
 345,190 
    
    
   
 2.5x 
    
    
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
   BREP I (Sep 1994 / Oct 1996) 
    
   
 380,708 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,327,708 
    
    
   
 2.8x 
    
    
   
 1,327,708 
    
    
   
 2.8x 
    
    
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
   BREP II (Oct 1996 / Mar 1999) 
    
   
 1,198,339 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,531,613 
    
    
   
 2.1x 
    
    
   
 2,531,613 
    
    
   
 2.1x 
    
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BREP III (Apr 1999 / Apr 2003) 
    
   
 1,522,708 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,336,402 
    
    
   
 2.4x 
    
    
   
 3,336,402 
    
    
   
 2.4x 
    
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
 
   BREP IV (Apr 2003 / Dec 2005) 
    
   
 2,198,694 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 713,015 
    
    
   
 0.7x 
    
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 3,900,618 
    
    
   
 2.2x 
    
    
   
 4,613,633 
    
    
   
 1.7x 
    
    
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BREP V (Dec 2005 / Feb 2007) 
    
   
 5,539,418 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,440,351 
    
    
   
 2.3x 
    
    
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 8,393,813 
    
    
   
 2.2x 
    
    
   
 12,834,164 
    
    
   
 2.2x 
    
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   BREP VI (Feb 2007 / Aug 2011) 
    
   
 11,059,523 
    
    
   
 584,008 
    
    
   
 7,592,592 
    
    
   
 2.1x 
    
    
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 17,662,251 
    
    
   
 2.4x 
    
    
   
 25,254,843 
    
    
   
 2.3x 
    
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BREP VII (Aug 2011 / Apr 2015) 
    
   
 13,490,570 
    
    
   
 2,565,752 
    
    
   
 16,088,059 
    
    
   
 1.6x 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 8,031,818 
    
    
   
 1.9x 
    
    
   
 24,119,877 
    
    
   
 1.7x 
    
    
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   BREP VIII (Apr 2015 / Oct 2020) 
    
   
 15,940,743 
    
    
   
 12,797,781 
    
    
   
 3,389,563 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 3,389,563 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Global BREP 
    
 $ 
 51,471,417 
    
    
 $ 
 15,947,541 
    
    
 $ 
 32,223,580 
    
    
   
 1.6x 
    
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
 $ 
 45,529,413 
    
    
   
 2.2x 
    
    
 $ 
 77,752,993 
    
    
   
 1.9x 
    
    
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Euro 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   BREP Int’l (Jan 2001 / Sep 2005) 
    
 € 
 824,172 
    
    
 € 
 —   
    
    
 € 
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 € 
 1,366,154 
    
    
   
 2.1x 
    
    
 € 
 1,366,154 
    
    
   
 2.1x 
    
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   BREP Int’l II (Sep 2005 / Jun 2008) 
    
   
 1,629,748 
    
    
   
 54,138 
    
    
   
 520,843 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 63 
 %  
   
   
 1,714,266 
    
    
   
 1.8x 
    
    
   
 2,235,109 
    
    
   
 1.6x 
    
    
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe III (Jun 2008 / Sep 2013) 
    
   
 3,205,140 
    
    
   
 471,643 
    
    
   
 3,380,172 
    
    
   
 1.9x 
    
    
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 2,496,255 
    
    
   
 2.2x 
    
    
   
 5,876,427 
    
    
   
 2.0x 
    
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe IV (Sep 2013 / Mar 2019) 
    
   
 6,695,866 
    
    
   
 2,185,988 
    
    
   
 6,246,497 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 405,114 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 6,651,611 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Euro BREP 
    
 € 
 12,354,926 
    
    
 € 
 2,711,769 
    
    
 € 
 10,147,512 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 4 
 %  
   
 € 
 5,981,789 
    
    
   
 2.0x 
    
    
 € 
 16,129,301 
    
    
   
 1.6x 
    
    
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BREP Co-Investment (e) 
    
 $ 
 6,109,088 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 5,686,895 
    
    
   
 1.7x 
    
    
   
 66 
 %  
   
 $ 
 6,156,862 
    
    
   
 2.3x 
    
    
 $ 
 11,843,757 
    
    
   
 1.9x 
    
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   BREP Asia (Jun 2013 / Dec 2017) 
    
   
 5,078,300 
    
    
   
 2,781,959 
    
    
   
 2,939,592 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 85,048 
    
    
   
 1.7x 
    
    
   
 3,024,640 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total BREP 
    
 $ 
 78,732,628 
    
    
 $ 
 21,675,024 
    
    
 $ 
 53,661,654 
    
    
   
 1.5x 
    
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
 $ 
 59,746,625 
    
    
   
 2.2x 
    
    
 $ 
 113,408,279 
    
    
   
 1.8x 
    
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BPP (f) 
    
 $ 
 10,323,584 
    
    
 $ 
 2,237,310 
    
    
 $ 
 9,029,698 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
 $ 
 9,029,698 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   BREDS (g) 
    
 $ 
 7,024,734 
    
    
 $ 
 2,549,256 
    
    
 $ 
 2,398,503 
    
    
   
 1.2x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,456,371 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
 $ 
 7,854,874 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   BSCH (Dec 2013 / Jun 2020) (h) 
    
 $ 
 3,300,600 
    
    
 $ 
 3,015,378 
    
    
 $ 
 287,802 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 57,987 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
 $ 
 345,789 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   BSCH Co-Investment 
    
   
 75,500 
    
    
   
 75,500 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
 $ 
 3,376,100 
    
    
 $ 
 3,090,878 
    
    
 $ 
 287,802 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 57,987 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
 $ 
 345,789 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      continued
...  

      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 Unrealized Investments 
   
    
 Realized Investments 
   
    
 Total Investments 
   
    
 Net IRR (c) 
   
 
   Fund (Investment Period) 
    
 Committed Capital 
   
    
 Available Capital (a) 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 MOIC (b) 
   
    
 % Public 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 MOIC (b) 
   
    
 Value 
   
    
 MOIC (b) 
   
    
 Realized 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Where Noted) 
   


 
   Credit (i) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Dollar 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Mezzanine I (Jul 2007 / Oct 2011) 
    
 $ 
 2,000,000 
    
    
 $ 
 99,280 
    
    
 $ 
 457,313 
    
    
   
 1.7x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 4,396,393 
    
    
   
 1.6x 
    
    
 $ 
 4,853,706 
    
    
   
 1.6x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 18 
 %  
 
   Mezzanine II (Nov 2011 / Nov 2016) 
    
   
 4,120,000 
    
    
   
 2,001,026 
    
    
   
 2,806,501 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,811,700 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 4,618,201 
    
    
   
 1.2x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 14 
 %  
 
   Rescue Lending I (Sep 2009 / May 2013) 
    
   
 3,253,143 
    
    
   
 553,131 
    
    
   
 1,670,415 
    
    
   
 1.2x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,092,198 
    
    
   
 1.5x 
    
    
   
 5,762,613 
    
    
   
 1.4x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Rescue Lending II (Jun 2013 / Jun 2018) 
    
   
 5,125,000 
    
    
   
 2,973,619 
    
    
   
 2,286,253 
    
    
   
 1.0x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 88,846 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 2,375,099 
    
    
   
 1.0x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
 
   Energy Select Opportunities ‘(Nov 2015 / Nov 2018) 
    
   
 2,856,866 
    
    
   
 2,533,928 
    
    
   
 323,839 
    
    
   
 1.0x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 323,839 
    
    
   
 1.0x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Dollar Credit 
    
 $ 
 17,355,009 
    
    
 $ 
 8,160,984 
    
    
 $ 
 7,544,321 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 10,389,137 
    
    
   
 1.5x 
    
    
 $ 
 17,933,458 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Euro 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   European Senior Debt (Feb 2015 / Feb 2018) 
    
 € 
 1,964,689 
    
    
 € 
 3,411,806 
    
    
 € 
 547,859 
    
    
   
 1.0x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 € 
 142,288 
    
    
   
 1.2x 
    
    
 € 
 690,147 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Euro Credit 
    
 € 
 1,964,689 
    
    
 € 
 3,411,806 
    
    
 € 
 547,859 
    
    
   
 1.0x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 € 
 142,288 
    
    
   
 1.2x 
    
    
 € 
 690,147 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Credit 
    
 $ 
 19,621,419 
    
    
 $ 
 11,867,603 
    
    
 $ 
 8,139,805 
    
    
   
 1.1x 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 10,546,606 
    
    
   
 1.5x 
    
    
 $ 
 18,686,411 
    
    
   
 1.3x 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.  
 
 
 N/A 
 Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Available Capital represents total investable capital commitments, including side-by-side, adjusted for certain expenses and expired or recallable capital, less
invested capital. This amount is not reduced by outstanding commitments to investments.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Multiple of Invested Capital (“MOIC”) represents carrying value, before management fees, expenses and Carried Interest, divided by invested capital.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 Net Internal Rate of Return (“IRR”) represents the annualized inception to December 31, 2015 IRR on total invested capital based on realized proceeds and
unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and Carried Interest.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Returns for Other Funds and Co-Investment are not meaningful as these funds have limited transaction activity  
 
 
 (e) 
 BREP Co-Investment represents co-investment capital raised for various BREP investments. The Net IRR reflected is calculated by aggregating each co-investment’s
realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and Carried Interest.  
 
 
 (f) 
 BPP, or Blackstone Property Partners, are the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more moderate risk profile and lower leverage.  
 
 
 (g) 
 Excludes Capital Trust drawdown funds.  
 
 
 (h) 
 BSCH is a permanent capital vehicle focused on acquiring strategic minority positions in alternative asset managers.  
 
 
 (i) 
 The Total Investments MOIC for Mezzanine I, Mezzanine II, Rescue Lending I and Rescue Lending II Funds, excluding recycled capital during the investment period, was
2.0x, 1.4x, 1.6x and 1.1x, respectively. Funds presented represent flagship credit drawdown funds only. The Total Credit Net IRR is the combined IRR of the six credit drawdown funds presented.  
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Segment Analysis    Discussed below is our EI for each of our segments. This information is reflected in the manner utilized by our senior management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources.
References to “our” sectors or investments may also refer to portfolio companies and investments of the underlying funds that we manage.    For segment reporting purposes, revenues and expenses are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage. As a result, segment revenues are greater than those presented on a
consolidated GAAP basis because fund management fees recognized in certain segments are received from the Blackstone Funds and eliminated in consolidation when presented on a consolidated GAAP basis. Furthermore, segment expenses are lower than
related amounts presented on a consolidated GAAP basis due to the exclusion of fund expenses that are paid by Limited Partners and the elimination of non-controlling interests.  
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Private Equity    The following table presents the results of operations for our Private Equity segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2015 vs. 2014 
   
   
 2014 vs. 2013 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 502,640 
    
   
 $ 
 415,841 
    
   
 $ 
 368,146 
    
   
 $ 
 86,799 
    
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
 $ 
 47,695 
    
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Advisory Fees 
   
   
 10,561 
    
   
   
 21,903 
    
   
   
 24,313 
    
   
   
 (11,342 
 )  
   
   
 -52 
 %  
   
   
 (2,410 
 )  
   
   
 -10 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 36,258 
    
   
   
 135,718 
    
   
   
 97,678 
    
   
   
 (99,460 
 )  
   
   
 -73 
 %  
   
   
 38,040 
    
   
   
 39 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (36,760 
 )  
   
   
 (19,146 
 )  
   
   
 (5,683 
 )  
   
   
 (17,614 
 )  
   
   
 92 
 %  
   
   
 (13,463 
 )  
   
   
 237 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 512,699 
    
   
   
 554,316 
    
   
   
 484,454 
    
   
   
 (41,617 
 )  
   
   
 -8 
 %  
   
   
 69,862 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 1,474,987 
    
   
   
 754,402 
    
   
   
 329,993 
    
   
   
 720,585 
    
   
   
 96 
 %  
   
   
 424,409 
    
   
   
 129 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (717,955 
 )  
   
   
 1,222,828 
    
   
   
 398,232 
    
   
   
 (1,940,783 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 824,596 
    
   
   
 207 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 757,032 
    
   
   
 1,977,230 
    
   
   
 728,225 
    
   
   
 (1,220,198 
 )  
   
   
 -62 
 %  
   
   
 1,249,005 
    
   
   
 172 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 189,649 
    
   
   
 202,719 
    
   
   
 88,026 
    
   
   
 (13,070 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 114,693 
    
   
   
 130 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 (116,338 
 )  
   
   
 (23,914 
 )  
   
   
 161,749 
    
   
   
 (92,424 
 )  
   
   
 386 
 %  
   
   
 (185,663 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 73,311 
    
   
   
 178,805 
    
   
   
 249,775 
    
   
   
 (105,494 
 )  
   
   
 -59 
 %  
   
   
 (70,970 
 )  
   
   
 -28 
 %  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 33,218 
    
   
   
 21,993 
    
   
   
 15,625 
    
   
   
 11,225 
    
   
   
 51 
 %  
   
   
 6,368 
    
   
   
 41 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 5,854 
    
   
   
 6,569 
    
   
   
 4,259 
    
   
   
 (715 
 )  
   
   
 -11 
 %  
   
   
 2,310 
    
   
   
 54 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 1,382,114 
    
   
   
 2,738,913 
    
   
   
 1,482,338 
    
   
   
 (1,356,799 
 )  
   
   
 -50 
 %  
   
   
 1,256,575 
    
   
   
 85 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 280,248 
    
   
   
 280,499 
    
   
   
 240,150 
    
   
   
 (251 
 )  
   
   
 -0 
 %  
   
   
 40,349 
    
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 256,922 
    
   
   
 266,393 
    
   
   
 38,953 
    
   
   
 (9,471 
 )  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 227,440 
    
   
   
 584 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (10,172 
 )  
   
   
 210,446 
    
   
   
 342,733 
    
   
   
 (220,618 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (132,287 
 )  
   
   
 -39 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 526,998 
    
   
   
 757,338 
    
   
   
 621,836 
    
   
   
 (230,340 
 )  
   
   
 -30 
 %  
   
   
 135,502 
    
   
   
 22 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 199,158 
    
   
   
 143,562 
    
   
   
 124,499 
    
   
   
 55,596 
    
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 19,063 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 726,156 
    
   
   
 900,900 
    
   
   
 746,335 
    
   
   
 (174,744 
 )  
   
   
 -19 
 %  
   
   
 154,565 
    
   
   
 21 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 655,958 
    
   
 $ 
 1,838,013 
    
   
 $ 
 736,003 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,182,055 
 )  
   
   
 -64 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,102,010 
    
   
   
 150 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.  
 
 
 Note 
 As a result of the spin-off on October 1, 2015 of Blackstone’s Financial Advisory business, which did not include BXCM, the results of BXCM were reclassified
from the Financial Advisory segment to the Private Equity segment. All prior periods have been recast to reflect this reclassification.  
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014
   Revenues    Revenues were $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.4 billion compared to $2.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in revenues was
attributable to decreases in Performance Fees, Investment Income, and Total Management Fees, Net of $1.2 billion, $105.5 million and $41.6 million, respectively.    The decline in 2015 revenues in our Private Equity segment was significantly driven by a decline in unrealized Performance Fees. The reduction in Unrealized Performance Fees was primarily due to negative
swings in the marks of our publicly-traded Private Equity portfolio companies as a result of macroeconomic concerns and declining public equity markets. If macroeconomic conditions were to deteriorate in the future with a resulting decline in our
Private Equity fund investments, revenues in our Private Equity segment would likely continue to be negatively impacted. While unrealized markdowns in energy had a more limited impact on declining revenues in 2015, a sustained period of depressed
oil and gas prices would likely adversely affect our Private Equity revenues.    Performance Fees, which are determined on a
fund by fund basis, were $757.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.2 billion, compared to $2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014, principally due to the performance in our corporate private equity
funds, which generated overall solid net performance which was, however, lower than the net returns in 2014. The returns in these funds were driven by strong operating performance across most of our private and public portfolios.  
 Investment Income was $73.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $105.5 million, compared to $178.8 million
for the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily due to our BCP V and BCP VI funds which generated strong net returns of 8.1% and 7.9%, respectively, for the year, but were slightly lower than the returns generated in the full year 2014 mainly
as a result of the lower returns in our public portfolio.    Total Management Fees were $512.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, a decrease of $41.6 million compared to $554.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, driven primarily by decreases in Transaction and Other Fees, Net and Management Fee Offsets, partially offset by an
increase in Base Management Fees. Transaction and Other Fees were $36.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $99.5 million compared to $135.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily due to the
timing of investment closings and the elimination of monitoring fee termination payments. Management Fee Offsets were $(36.8) million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $17.6 million compared to $(19.1) million for the year
ended December 31, 2014, primarily due to the increased offset rates in recent funds. Base Management Fees were $502.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $86.8 million compared to $415.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 2014, primarily due to the increase in the funds raised for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles and Strategic Partners secondary private fund of funds business.  
 Expenses  
 Expenses were $726.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $174.7 million, compared to $900.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $230.1 million in Performance Fee Compensation, slightly offset by a $55.6 million increase in Other Operating Expenses. Performance Fee Compensation
decreased as a result of the decrease in Performance Fees Revenue. The increase in Other Operating Expenses was primarily due to  non-recurring  costs related to the SEC settlement, an increase in interest
allocated to the segment and certain  one-time  costs associated with fundraising.  
 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013  
 Revenues  
 Revenues were $2.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $1.3 billion compared to $1.5 billion for the
year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in revenues was attributable to increases in Performance Fees and Total Management Fees, Net of $1.2 billion and $69.9 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in Investment Income of
$71.0 million.  
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Performance Fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $2.0 billion for the
year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $1.2 billion, compared to $728.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, principally due to the performance in our BCP V and BCP VI funds, which generated net returns of 24% and 18%,
respectively with BCP V crossing its preferred return threshold during the period. The returns in these funds were driven by both the private and public portfolios, from strong operating performance across the portfolio as well as the initial public
offerings for Michaels Stores, Catalent and Vivint’s solar business.    Total Management Fees were $554.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $69.9 million compared to $484.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, driven primarily by increases in Base Management Fees and Transaction and Other Fees, Net. Base Management
Fees were $415.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $47.7 million compared to $368.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily due to the increase in the funds raised for our Tactical Opportunities
investment vehicles and Strategic Partners secondary private fund of funds business as well as the inclusion of the Strategic Partners management fees for the full year. Transaction and Other Fees were $135.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2014, an increase of $38.0 million compared to $97.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily due to fees earned related to transaction closings.  
 Investment Income was $178.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $71.0 million, compared to $249.8 million
for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily due to our BCP V and BEP funds which generated strong net returns of 24% and 12%, respectively, for the year, but were slightly lower than the returns generated in the full year 2013.  
 Expenses  
 Expenses were $900.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $154.6 million, compared to $746.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was primarily attributable to increases of $95.2 million in Performance Fee Compensation, $40.3 million in Compensation, and $19.1 million in Other Operating Expenses. Performance Fee Compensation
increased as a result of the increase in Performance Fees Revenue. Compensation increased primarily due to an increase in revenue on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as an increase in headcount to support the growth of the business.
The increase in Other Operating Expenses was primarily due to an increase in interest allocated to the segment.    Fund
Returns    Fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to
facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not
necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will
achieve similar returns.    The following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 December 31, 2015 Inception to
Date 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 (a) 
   
   
 2013 (a) 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Fund (b) 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BCP IV 
    
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 57 
 %  
   
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
   BCP V 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   BCOM 
    
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   BCP VI 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 51 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BEP I 
    
   
 -5 
 %  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 47 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 61 
 %  
   
   
 57 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   BEP II (c) 
    
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners 
    
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The
Blackstone Group L.P.      
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.  
 
 
 N/A 
 Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Changes in previous period returns are due to the repayment of fund level financing with capital drawn down from the respective fund’s general and limited
partners.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and Carried Interest allocations.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 BEP II’s investment returns are presented as N/M as its investment period commenced in February 2015.  
 The corporate private equity funds within the Private Equity segment have four contributed funds with closed investment periods: BCP IV,
BCP V, BCOM and BEP I. As of December 31, 2015, BCP IV was above its Carried Interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive Carried Interest) and would still be
above its Carried Interest threshold even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. BCP V is comprised of two fund classes based on the timings of fund closings, the BCP V “main fund” and BCP V-AC fund. Within these fund classes,
the general partner (“GP”) is subject to equalization such that (a) the GP accrues Carried Interest when the total Carried Interest for the combined fund classes is positive and (b) the GP realizes Carried Interest so long as
clawback obligations, if any, for the combined fund classes are fully satisfied. During the quarter, both fund classes were above their respective Carried Interest thresholds. BCOM is currently above its Carried Interest threshold and has generated
inception to date positive returns. We are entitled to retain previously realized Carried Interest up to 20% of BCOM’s net gains. As a result, Performance Fees are recognized from BCOM on current period gains and losses. BEP I is currently
above its Carried Interest threshold.  
      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Real Estate    The following table presents the results of operations for our Real Estate segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2015 vs. 2014 
   
   
 2014 vs. 2013 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 668,575 
    
   
 $ 
 628,502 
    
   
 $ 
 565,182 
    
   
 $ 
 40,073 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 63,320 
    
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 110,577 
    
   
   
 91,610 
    
   
   
 79,675 
    
   
   
 18,967 
    
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 11,935 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (26,840 
 )  
   
   
 (34,443 
 )  
   
   
 (22,821 
 )  
   
   
 7,603 
    
   
   
 -22 
 %  
   
   
 (11,622 
 )  
   
   
 51 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 752,312 
    
   
   
 685,669 
    
   
   
 622,036 
    
   
   
 66,643 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 63,633 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 1,634,733 
    
   
   
 1,487,762 
    
   
   
 486,773 
    
   
   
 146,971 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 1,000,989 
    
   
   
 206 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 17,153 
    
   
   
 11,499 
    
   
   
 45,862 
    
   
   
 5,654 
    
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 (34,363 
 )  
   
   
 -75 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (680,542 
 )  
   
   
 524,046 
    
   
   
 1,651,700 
    
   
   
 (1,204,588 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (1,127,654 
 )  
   
   
 -68 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 20,802 
    
   
   
 (5,521 
 )  
   
   
 (28,753 
 )  
   
   
 26,323 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 23,232 
    
   
   
 -81 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 992,146 
    
   
   
 2,017,786 
    
   
   
 2,155,582 
    
   
   
 (1,025,640 
 )  
   
   
 -51 
 %  
   
   
 (137,796 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 235,582 
    
   
   
 309,095 
    
   
   
 52,359 
    
   
   
 (73,513 
 )  
   
   
 -24 
 %  
   
   
 256,736 
    
   
   
 490 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 (231,889 
 )  
   
   
 (58,930 
 )  
   
   
 350,201 
    
   
   
 (172,959 
 )  
   
   
 293 
 %  
   
   
 (409,131 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 3,693 
    
   
   
 250,165 
    
   
   
 402,560 
    
   
   
 (246,472 
 )  
   
   
 -99 
 %  
   
   
 (152,395 
 )  
   
   
 -38 
 %  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 43,990 
    
   
   
 30,197 
    
   
   
 21,563 
    
   
   
 13,793 
    
   
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 8,634 
    
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 (1,422 
 )  
   
   
 2,863 
    
   
   
 3,384 
    
   
   
 (4,285 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (521 
 )  
   
   
 -15 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 1,790,719 
    
   
   
 2,986,680 
    
   
   
 3,205,125 
    
   
   
 (1,195,961 
 )  
   
   
 -40 
 %  
   
   
 (218,445 
 )  
   
   
 -7 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 358,381 
    
   
   
 326,317 
    
   
   
 294,222 
    
   
   
 32,064 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 32,095 
    
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 484,037 
    
   
   
 432,996 
    
   
   
 148,837 
    
   
   
 51,041 
    
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 284,159 
    
   
   
 191 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 8,678 
    
   
   
 5,980 
    
   
   
 23,878 
    
   
   
 2,698 
    
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 (17,898 
 )  
   
   
 -75 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (196,347 
 )  
   
   
 197,174 
    
   
   
 566,837 
    
   
   
 (393,521 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (369,663 
 )  
   
   
 -65 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 8,817 
    
   
   
 (2,751 
 )  
   
   
 (15,015 
 )  
   
   
 11,568 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 12,264 
    
   
   
 -82 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 663,566 
    
   
   
 959,716 
    
   
   
 1,018,759 
    
   
   
 (296,150 
 )  
   
   
 -31 
 %  
   
   
 (59,043 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 179,175 
    
   
   
 146,083 
    
   
   
 116,391 
    
   
   
 33,092 
    
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 29,692 
    
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 842,741 
    
   
   
 1,105,799 
    
   
   
 1,135,150 
    
   
   
 (263,058 
 )  
   
   
 -24 
 %  
   
   
 (29,351 
 )  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 947,978 
    
   
 $ 
 1,880,881 
    
   
 $ 
 2,069,975 
    
   
 $ 
 (932,903 
 )  
   
   
 -50 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (189,094 
 )  
   
   
 -9 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.  
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014
   Revenues    Revenues were $1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.2 billion compared to $3.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in revenues was
primarily attributable to decreases in Performance Fees and Investment Income of $1.0 billion and $246.5 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in Total Management Fees, Net of $66.6 million.  
 The decline in 2015 revenues in our Real Estate segment was significantly driven by a decline in unrealized Performance Fees. The
reduction in Unrealized Performance Fees was primarily due to negative swings in the marks of our publicly-traded Real Estate equity investments, particularly in lodging, as a result of a decline in public equity markets in 2015. If macroeconomic
conditions were to deteriorate in the future with a resulting decline in our Real Estate fund investments, revenues in our Real Estate segment would likely continue to be negatively impacted.  
 Performance Fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $992.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease
of $1.0 billion compared to $2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014. Performance Fees decreased by $1.0 billion due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our BREP carry funds from 20.9% to 9.7%. For
the year ended December 31, 2015, the increase in carrying value of assets for Blackstone’s contributed Real Estate opportunistic funds was driven by sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio resulting in
appreciation of 16.6% offset by public portfolio depreciation of 8.6%. Our BREDS drawdown and real estate hedge funds appreciated 13.0% and 2.9%, respectively.    Investment Income was $3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $246.5 million compared to $250.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in Investment
Income was due to a year over year net depreciation of investments in our BREP VI fund. Blackstone has a larger investment in BREP VI than in other BREP funds.    Total Management Fees, Net were $752.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $66.6 million compared to $685.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily
attributable to increases in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $668.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $40.1 million compared to $628.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase
was principally due to fees generated from fundraising within BREP VIII, BPP and invested capital within BREDS, partially offset by realizations across the portfolio.    Expenses    Expenses were $842.7 million for the year ended December 31,
2015, a decrease of $263.1 million, compared to $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of Performance Fee Compensation of $328.2 million, partially offset by increases in
Compensation and Other Operating Expenses of $32.1 million and $33.1 million, respectively. The decrease in Performance Fee Compensation is the result of a decrease in Performance Fees Revenue. The increase in Compensation is due to an overall
increase in Management Fees, on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as an increase in headcount to support the growth of the business. The increase in Other Operating Expenses was primarily due to an increase in interest expense
allocated to the segment and certain  one-time  costs associated with fundraising.  
 Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013  
 Revenues  
 Revenues were $3.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $218.4 million compared to $3.2 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to decreases in Investment Income and Performance Fees of $152.4 million and $137.8 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in Total Management Fees,
Net of $63.6 million.  
      113
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Investment Income was $250.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease
of $152.4 million compared to $402.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in Investment Income was due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation of investments in our BREP VI fund. Blackstone has a larger
investment in BREP VI than in other BREP funds.    Performance Fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $2.0
billion for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $137.8 million compared to $2.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013. Performance Fees decreased by $137.8 million due to a year over year decrease in the net appreciation
of investments in our BREP carry funds from 31.3% to 20.9%. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the increase in carrying value of assets for Blackstone’s contributed Real Estate funds, including fee-paying co-investments was driven by
sustained strong operating fundamentals in the private portfolio and public portfolio appreciation. Our BREDS drawdown and real estate hedge funds appreciated 7.2% and 5.3%, respectively.  
 Total Management Fees, Net were $685.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $63.6 million compared to
$622.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily attributable to increases in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $628.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $63.3 million compared to
$565.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was principally due to fees generated from fundraising within BREP Europe IV, BREP Asia, BPP and invested capital within BREDS, partially offset by the expiration of BREP V and
realizations across the portfolio.    Expenses    Expenses were $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $29.4 million, compared to $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily
attributable to a decrease of Performance Fee Compensation of $91.1 million, partially offset by increases in Compensation and Other Operating Expenses of $32.1 million and $29.7 million, respectively. The decrease in Performance Fee Compensation is
the result of a decrease in Performance Fees Revenue. The increase in Compensation is due to an overall increase in Management Fees, on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as an increase in headcount to support the growth of the
business. The increase in Other Operating Expenses was primarily due to an increase in interest expense allocated to the segment as well as increases in business development and professional fees.  
 Fund Returns    Fund return information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund
returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in The
Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.  
      114
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant real estate
funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 December 31, 2015 Inception to
Date 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Fund (a) 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BREP IV 
    
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BREP V 
    
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   BREP International II (b) 
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
 
   BREP VI 
    
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe III (b) 
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BREP VII 
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   BREP VIII 
    
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 53 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   BREP Asia 
    
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe IV (b) 
    
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BREDS 
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BSSF I 
    
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   CMBS 
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   BREIF 
    
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
   BPP 
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   BREP Co-Investment (c) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.      
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.  
 
 
 N/A 
 Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance fee allocations.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 Euro-based net internal rates of return.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Excludes fully realized co-investments prior to Blackstone’s initial public offering.  
 The following table presents the Carried Interest status of our real estate carry funds with expired investment periods which are
currently not generating performance fees as of December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gain to Cross Carried Interest Threshold (a) 
   
 
   Fully Invested Funds 
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % Change in Total Enterprise Value (b) 
   
   
 % Change in Equity Value 
   
 
   
    
 (Amounts in Millions) 
   


 
   BREP Int’l II (Sep 2005 / Jun 2008) 
    
 € 
 779 
    
    
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 161 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The general partner of each fund is allocated Carried Interest when the annualized returns, net of management fees and expenses, exceed the preferred return as dictated
by the fund agreements. The preferred return is calculated for each limited partner individually. The Gain to Cross Carried Interest Threshold represents the increase in equity at the fund level (excluding our side-by-side investments) that is
required for the general partner to begin accruing Carried Interest, assuming the gain is earned pro rata across the fund’s investments and is achieved at the reporting date.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Total Enterprise Value is the respective fund’s pro rata ownership of the privately held portfolio companies’ Enterprise Value.  
 The Real Estate segment has seven funds in their investment period, which were above their respective Carried Interest thresholds as of
December 31, 2015: BREP VIII, BREP Asia, BREP Europe IV and four funds within BREDS II.  
      115
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Hedge Fund Solutions    The following table presents the results of operations for our Hedge Fund Solutions segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2015 vs. 2014 
   
   
 2014 vs. 2013 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 524,386 
    
   
 $ 
 482,981 
    
   
 $ 
 409,321 
    
   
 $ 
 41,405 
    
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 73,660 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 317 
    
   
   
 569 
    
   
   
 623 
    
   
   
 (252 
 )  
   
   
 -44 
 %  
   
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 -9 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 171 
    
   
   
 (5,014 
 )  
   
   
 (3,387 
 )  
   
   
 5,185 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (1,627 
 )  
   
   
 48 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 524,874 
    
   
   
 478,536 
    
   
   
 406,557 
    
   
   
 46,338 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 71,979 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 68,197 
    
   
   
 140,529 
    
   
   
 207,735 
    
   
   
 (72,332 
 )  
   
   
 -51 
 %  
   
   
 (67,206 
 )  
   
   
 -32 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 2,021 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,021 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (8,084 
 )  
   
   
 (879 
 )  
   
   
 7,718 
    
   
   
 (7,205 
 )  
   
   
 820 
 %  
   
   
 (8,597 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 62,134 
    
   
   
 139,650 
    
   
   
 215,453 
    
   
   
 (77,516 
 )  
   
   
 -56 
 %  
   
   
 (75,803 
 )  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 (12,741 
 )  
   
   
 21,550 
    
   
   
 27,613 
    
   
   
 (34,291 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (6,063 
 )  
   
   
 -22 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 (1,435 
 )  
   
   
 5,132 
    
   
   
 (9,306 
 )  
   
   
 (6,567 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 14,438 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
   
   
 (14,176 
 )  
   
   
 26,682 
    
   
   
 18,307 
    
   
   
 (40,858 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 8,375 
    
   
   
 46 
 %  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 17,274 
    
   
   
 11,114 
    
   
   
 7,605 
    
   
   
 6,160 
    
   
   
 55 
 %  
   
   
 3,509 
    
   
   
 46 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 200 
    
   
   
 1,855 
    
   
   
 688 
    
   
   
 (1,655 
 )  
   
   
 -89 
 %  
   
   
 1,167 
    
   
   
 170 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 590,306 
    
   
   
 657,837 
    
   
   
 648,610 
    
   
   
 (67,531 
 )  
   
   
 -10 
 %  
   
   
 9,227 
    
   
   
 1 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 179,484 
    
   
   
 131,658 
    
   
   
 136,470 
    
   
   
 47,826 
    
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 (4,812 
 )  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 27,155 
    
   
   
 42,451 
    
   
   
 65,793 
    
   
   
 (15,296 
 )  
   
   
 -36 
 %  
   
   
 (23,342 
 )  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 823 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 823 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (2,912 
 )  
   
   
 (273 
 )  
   
   
 2,856 
    
   
   
 (2,639 
 )  
   
   
 967 
 %  
   
   
 (3,129 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 204,550 
    
   
   
 173,836 
    
   
   
 205,119 
    
   
   
 30,714 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 (31,283 
 )  
   
   
 -15 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 90,072 
    
   
   
 86,129 
    
   
   
 66,966 
    
   
   
 3,943 
    
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 19,163 
    
   
   
 29 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 294,622 
    
   
   
 259,965 
    
   
   
 272,085 
    
   
   
 34,657 
    
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 (12,120 
 )  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 295,684 
    
   
 $ 
 397,872 
    
   
 $ 
 376,525 
    
   
 $ 
 (102,188 
 )  
   
   
 -26 
 %  
   
 $ 
 21,347 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 N/M Not meaningful.  
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014  
 Revenues  
 Revenues were $590.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a decrease of $67.5 million compared to $657.8 million for the
year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to  
      116
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
decreases in Performance Fees and Investment Income of $77.5 million and $40.9 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in Total Management Fees, Net of $46.3 million.  
 In 2015, Hedge Fund Solutions operated in an environment generally characterized by declines in equity and fixed income asset prices. In
that connection, global markets experienced significant volatility during 2015, with the CBOE volatility index reaching its highest levels since 2011. Notwithstanding these market conditions, the BPS Composite gross return was positive 2.9% during
2015, outperforming the S&P 500 and the HFRX Hedge Fund Index. In the future, however, if global asset prices continue to decline or liquidity needs cause investors to withdraw assets, Hedge Fund Solutions revenues would likely continue to be
negatively impacted. Nonetheless, Hedge Fund Solutions operates multiple business lines, manages strategies that are both long and short asset classes and generates a majority of its revenue through management fees, all of which provide a level of
downside protection to Hedge Fund Solutions revenues.    Performance Fees were $62.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, a decrease of $77.5 million compared to $139.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This was primarily due to lower returns. The net returns of the underlying assets within the BPS Composite funds were 2.1%
during the year ended December 31, 2015.    Investment Loss was $14.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a
decrease of $40.9 million compared to Investment Income of $26.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in Investment Income was primarily driven by the year over year net appreciation of investments of which Blackstone owns
a share.    Total Management Fees, Net were $524.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of
$46.3 million compared to $478.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily due to an increase in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $524.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $41.4
million compared to $483.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This was driven by an increase in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management of 7% from the prior year, which was from net inflows and market appreciation.  
 Expenses  
 Expenses were $294.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $34.7 million compared to the year ended
December 31, 2014. The increase was primarily attributable to a $47.8 million increase in Compensation, and a $3.9 million increase in Other Operating Expenses, partially offset by a $17.1 million decrease in Performance Fee Compensation.
Compensation was $179.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $47.8 million compared to $131.7 million for the prior year, due to an overall increase in Management Fees, on which a portion of compensation is based, an
increase in headcount to support the growth of the business and a change in the terms of Deferred Compensation Plan awards. Other Operating Expenses were $90.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $3.9 million compared
to $86.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in Other Operating Expenses was primarily due to interest allocated to the segment. Performance Fee Compensation was $25.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, a
decrease of $17.1 million compared to $42.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 due to the decrease in Performance Fees Revenue.    Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013    Revenues    Revenues were $657.8 million for the year ended December 31,
2014, an increase of $9.2 million compared to $648.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increases in Total Management Fees, Net and Investment Income of $72.0 million and $8.4
million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in Performance Fees of $75.8 million.  
      117
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Total Management Fees, Net were $478.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an
increase of $72.0 million compared to $406.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily due to an increase in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $483.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an
increase of $73.7 million compared to $409.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This was driven by an increase in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management of 16% from the prior year, which was from net inflows and market appreciation.
   Investment Income was $26.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $8.4 million compared to $18.3
million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase in Investment Income was primarily driven by the year over year net appreciation of investments of which Blackstone owns a share.  
 Performance Fees were $139.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $75.8 million compared to $215.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2013. This was primarily due to lower returns. The net returns of the underlying assets within the BPS Composite funds were 5.9% during the year ended December 31, 2014.  
 Expenses  
 Expenses were $260.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $12.1 million compared to the year ended
December 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily attributable to a $26.5 million decrease in Performance Fee Compensation and a $4.8 million decrease in Compensation, partially offset by a $19.2 million increase in Other Operating Expenses.
Performance Fee Compensation was $42.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $26.5 million compared to $68.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 due to the decrease in Performance Fees Revenue. Compensation
was $131.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $4.8 million compared to $136.5 million for the prior year, due to a change in the terms of Deferred Compensation Plan awards which more than offset the increase in
Management Fees. Other Operating Expenses were $86.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an increase of $19.2 million compared to $67.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily resulting from an increase in
interest expense allocated to the segment as well as an increase in professional fees.    Operating Metrics  
 The following table presents information regarding our Incentive Fee-Earning Assets Under Management:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management Eligible for Incentive Fees 
   
    
 Estimated %
Above High Water Mark/Benchmark (a) 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   BAAM Managed Funds (b) 
    
 $ 
 28,640,505 
    
    
 $ 
 34,732,386 
    
    
 $ 
 35,831,499 
    
    
   
 97 
 %  
   
   
 94 
 %  
   
   
 81 
 %  
       Note:
Totals in graph may not add due to rounding.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Estimated % Above High Water Mark/Benchmark represents the percentage of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management Eligible for Incentive Fees that as of the dates presented
would earn incentive fees when the applicable BAAM managed fund has positive investment performance relative to a benchmark, where applicable. Incremental positive performance in the applicable Blackstone Funds may cause additional assets to reach
their respective High Water Mark or clear a benchmark return, thereby resulting in an increase in Estimated % Above High Water Mark/Benchmark.  
 
 
 (b) 
 For the BAAM managed funds, at December 31, 2015 the incremental appreciation needed for the 19% of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management below their respective High
Water Marks/Benchmarks to reach their respective High Water Marks/Benchmarks was $236.6 million, an increase of $178.9 million, or 310.2%, compared to $57.7 million at December 31, 2014. Of the Fee-Earning Assets Under Management below their
respective High Water Marks/Benchmarks as of December 31, 2015, 93% were within 5% of reaching their respective High Water Mark.  
      118
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Composite Returns  
 Composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of
operations for the periods presented. The composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future
results of any particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites
will achieve similar returns.    The following table presents the return information of the BAAM Managed Funds, BAAM Principal
Solutions Composite:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Average Annual Returns (a) 
   
 
   
   
 Periods Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
   
 One Year 
   
   
 Three Year 
   
   
 Five Year 
   
   
 Historical 
   
 
   Composite 
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BAAM Managed Funds, BAAM Principal Solutions Composite (b) 
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   The returns presented represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group L.P.
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Composite returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of Blackstone Funds.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 BAAM’s Principal Solutions Composite, formerly known as BAAM’s Core Funds Composite, covers the period from January 2000 to present, although BAAM’s
inception date is September 1990. BAAM’s Principal Solutions Composite does not include BAAM’s individual investor solutions (i.e., liquid alternatives), long-only equity, long-biased commodities, ventures (i.e., seeding and minority
interests) and strategic opportunities (i.e., co-investments), and Senfina (direct trading) platforms except where a BPS fund invests directly into those platforms. BAAM’s advisory platforms and liquidating funds are also excluded. On a net of
fees basis, the BPS Composite was up 0.2% for the quarter and 2.1% for the full year. The historical return is from January 1, 2000.  
      119
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Credit    The following table presents the results of operations for our Credit segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2015 vs. 2014 
   
   
 2014 vs. 2013 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 500,982 
    
   
 $ 
 460,205 
    
   
 $ 
 398,158 
    
   
 $ 
 40,777 
    
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 62,047 
    
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 6,371 
    
   
   
 18,161 
    
   
   
 28,586 
    
   
   
 (11,790 
 )  
   
   
 -65 
 %  
   
   
 (10,425 
 )  
   
   
 -36 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (30,065 
 )  
   
   
 (28,168 
 )  
   
   
 (40,329 
 )  
   
   
 (1,897 
 )  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 12,161 
    
   
   
 -30 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 477,288 
    
   
   
 450,198 
    
   
   
 386,415 
    
   
   
 27,090 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 63,783 
    
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 96,156 
    
   
   
 208,432 
    
   
   
 127,192 
    
   
   
 (112,276 
 )  
   
   
 -54 
 %  
   
   
 81,240 
    
   
   
 64 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 109,396 
    
   
   
 109,717 
    
   
   
 220,736 
    
   
   
 (321 
 )  
   
   
 -0 
 %  
   
   
 (111,019 
 )  
   
   
 -50 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (198,820 
 )  
   
   
 (37,913 
 )  
   
   
 108,078 
    
   
   
 (160,907 
 )  
   
   
 424 
 %  
   
   
 (145,991 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (19,967 
 )  
   
   
 (23,025 
 )  
   
   
 1,107 
    
   
   
 3,058 
    
   
   
 -13 
 %  
   
   
 (24,132 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 (13,235 
 )  
   
   
 257,211 
    
   
   
 457,113 
    
   
   
 (270,446 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (199,902 
 )  
   
   
 -44 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 7,186 
    
   
   
 9,354 
    
   
   
 4,098 
    
   
   
 (2,168 
 )  
   
   
 -23 
 %  
   
   
 5,256 
    
   
   
 128 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 (16,258 
 )  
   
   
 5,055 
    
   
   
 13,951 
    
   
   
 (21,313 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (8,896 
 )  
   
   
 -64 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
   
   
 (9,072 
 )  
   
   
 14,409 
    
   
   
 18,049 
    
   
   
 (23,481 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (3,640 
 )  
   
   
 -20 
 %  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 24,599 
    
   
   
 23,040 
    
   
   
 18,146 
    
   
   
 1,559 
    
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 4,894 
    
   
   
 27 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 5,171 
    
   
   
 (2,310 
 )  
   
   
 527 
    
   
   
 7,481 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (2,837 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 484,751 
    
   
   
 742,548 
    
   
   
 880,250 
    
   
   
 (257,797 
 )  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
   
   
 (137,702 
 )  
   
   
 -16 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 190,189 
    
   
   
 188,200 
    
   
   
 186,514 
    
   
   
 1,989 
    
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 1,686 
    
   
   
 1 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 52,841 
    
   
   
 116,254 
    
   
   
 69,411 
    
   
   
 (63,413 
 )  
   
   
 -55 
 %  
   
   
 46,843 
    
   
   
 67 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 50,113 
    
   
   
 61,668 
    
   
   
 111,244 
    
   
   
 (11,555 
 )  
   
   
 -19 
 %  
   
   
 (49,576 
 )  
   
   
 -45 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (107,000 
 )  
   
   
 (28,583 
 )  
   
   
 57,147 
    
   
   
 (78,417 
 )  
   
   
 274 
 %  
   
   
 (85,730 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (8,395 
 )  
   
   
 (16,252 
 )  
   
   
 508 
    
   
   
 7,857 
    
   
   
 -48 
 %  
   
   
 (16,760 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 177,748 
    
   
   
 321,287 
    
   
   
 424,824 
    
   
   
 (143,539 
 )  
   
   
 -45 
 %  
   
   
 (103,537 
 )  
   
   
 -24 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 93,626 
    
   
   
 90,524 
    
   
   
 96,940 
    
   
   
 3,102 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 (6,416 
 )  
   
   
 -7 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 271,374 
    
   
   
 411,811 
    
   
   
 521,764 
    
   
   
 (140,437 
 )  
   
   
 -34 
 %  
   
   
 (109,953 
 )  
   
   
 -21 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 213,377 
    
   
 $ 
 330,737 
    
   
 $ 
 358,486 
    
   
 $ 
 (117,360 
 )  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (27,749 
 )  
   
   
 -8 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 N/M Not meaningful.  
      120
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014
   Revenues    Revenues were $484.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, which were $257.8 million lower compared to $742.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in revenues was
primarily attributable to lower Performance Fees and Investment Income of $270.4 million and $23.5 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase of $27.1 million in Total Management Fees, Net.  
 During the fourth quarter of 2015, the credit markets experienced widening credit spreads and significant illiquidity, particularly for
below investment grade credit. In addition, energy-related issuers, which represent a significant component of the below investment grade credit markets, are operating in an environment in which oil and natural gas prices have declined materially to
their lowest levels in years. Performance in all three of our alternative credit strategies was negatively impacted in the fourth quarter of 2015 by the performance of our energy investments, declines in the credit market, underperformance in
certain event-driven assets and technical pressure caused by year-end selling. In the near term continued market pressure may further affect these marks. In any event, if below investment grade credit, and energy, remain depressed or subject to
highly volatile market conditions, revenues in our Credit segment would likely continue to be negatively impacted.  
 Performance Fee Losses were $13.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, which were $270.4 million lower compared to the
prior year. This decrease was primarily due to lower rates of appreciation in our hedge fund strategies business as well as our mezzanine and rescue lending businesses. The net returns of Blackstone’s significant Credit segment funds were -5.8%
for Hedge Fund Strategies, -2.2% for Mezzanine Strategies and  -8.8%  for Rescue Lending Strategies for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Investment Loss was $9.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, which were $23.5 million lower compared to the prior year.
This decrease was primarily due to the unrealized investment losses in hedge fund strategies, mezzanine funds and long only funds.    Total Management Fees, Net were $477.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $27.1 million compared to $450.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase
was primarily attributable to the growth in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management for our hedge fund strategies business and our business development companies.    Expenses    Expenses were $271.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2015, a decrease of $140.4 million compared to $411.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in expenses was primarily attributable to a decrease of $145.5 million in Performance Fee Compensation. The decrease in Performance
Fee Compensation was due to lower Performance Fees Revenue.    Year Ended December 31, 2014 Compared to
December 31, 2013    Revenues    Revenues were $742.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, which were $137.7 million lower compared to $880.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in revenues was
primarily attributable to lower Performance Fees of $199.9 million, partially offset by an increase of $63.8 million in Total Management Fees, Net.    Performance Fees were $257.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, which were $199.9 million lower compared to the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to lower rates of appreciation
in our hedge fund strategies business and our rescue lending business. The net returns of Blackstone’s significant Credit segment funds were 0.1% for Hedge Fund Strategies, 17.6% for Mezzanine Fund Strategies and 11.9% for Rescue Lending
Strategies for the year ended December 31, 2014.  
      121
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Total Management Fees, Net were $450.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, an
increase of $63.8 million compared to $386.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. This increase was primarily attributable to the growth in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management for our hedge fund strategies business and our
business development companies.    Expenses    Expenses were $411.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $110.0 million compared to $521.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease in expenses was
primarily attributable to a decrease of $105.2 million in Performance Fee Compensation. The decrease in Performance Fee Compensation was due to lower Performance Fees Revenue.    Fund Returns    Fund return information for our significant businesses is
included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial
performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of
our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.    As of December 31, 2015, the Credit
segment’s returns reflect composite returns for funds included within each alternative strategy as set forth below. Previously, these returns reflected only the composite returns for the flagship funds in each strategy. The historical returns
presented in the tables below have been updated to conform to the current presentation.    The following table presents
composite return information of the segment’s Hedge Fund Strategies funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Average Annual Returns (a) 
   
 
   
    
 Periods Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 One Year 
   
   
 Three Year 
   
   
 Five Year 
   
   
 Historical 
   
 
   Fund 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   Hedge Fund Strategies (b) 
    
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   The returns presented represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group L.P.
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Average annual returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of Blackstone Funds.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 The Hedge Fund Strategies’ returns represent a weighted-average composite of the  fee-earning  funds exceeding $100 million
of fair value at each respective quarter end excluding the Blackstone Funds that were contributed to GSO as part of Blackstone’s acquisition of GSO in March 2008. The historical returns are from August 1, 2005.  
      122
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents combined internal rates of return of the segment’s
Mezzanine Strategies funds and Rescue Lending Strategies funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 Inception to December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Composite (a) 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   Mezzanine Strategies (b) 
    
   
 -1 
 %  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
   Rescue Lending Strategies (c) 
    
   
 -11 
 %  
   
   
 -9 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.      
 
 
 (a) 
 Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance fee allocations, net of tax advances.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 The Mezzanine Strategies’ returns represent the IRR of the combined cash flows of the  fee-earning  funds exceeding $100
million of fair value at each respective quarter end excluding the Blackstone Funds that were contributed to GSO as part of Blackstone’s acquisition of GSO in March 2008. The inception to date returns are from July 16, 2007.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 The Rescue Lending Strategies’ returns represent the IRR of the combined cash flows of the  fee-earning  funds exceeding $100
million of fair value at each respective quarter end. The inception to date returns are from September 29, 2009.    As of December 31, 2015, one drawdown fund within Rescue Lending Strategies return was 1% below the Carried Interest threshold. For the Mezzanine Lending Strategies return, two funds representing
11.2% of the fair value included in the return were below their Carried Interest threshold.    Financial Advisory  
 The following table presents the results of operations for our Financial Advisory segment:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2015 vs. 2014 
   
   
 2014 vs. 2013 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Advisory Fees 
    
 $ 
 297,570 
    
   
 $ 
 398,942 
    
    
 $ 
 386,201 
    
   
 $ 
 (101,372 
 )  
   
   
 -25 
 %  
   
 $ 
 12,741 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 162 
    
   
   
 379 
    
    
   
 415 
    
   
   
 (217 
 )  
   
   
 -57 
 %  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 -9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Advisory and Transaction Fees 
    
   
 297,732 
    
   
   
 399,321 
    
    
   
 386,616 
    
   
   
 (101,589 
 )  
   
   
 -25 
 %  
   
   
 12,705 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 (868 
 )  
   
   
 707 
    
    
   
 (1,625 
 )  
   
   
 (1,575 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 2,332 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 860 
    
    
   
 739 
    
   
   
 (899 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 121 
    
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
    
   
 (907 
 )  
   
   
 1,567 
    
    
   
 (886 
 )  
   
   
 (2,474 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 2,453 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 12,520 
    
   
   
 10,000 
    
    
   
 7,997 
    
   
   
 2,520 
    
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 2,003 
    
   
   
 25 
 %  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (1,303 
 )  
   
   
 428 
    
    
   
 1,450 
    
   
   
 (1,731 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (1,022 
 )  
   
   
 -70 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 308,042 
    
   
   
 411,316 
    
    
   
 395,177 
    
   
   
 (103,274 
 )  
   
   
 -25 
 %  
   
   
 16,139 
    
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 180,917 
    
   
   
 226,837 
    
    
   
 258,284 
    
   
   
 (45,920 
 )  
   
   
 -20 
 %  
   
   
 (31,447 
 )  
   
   
 -12 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 62,326 
    
   
   
 87,484 
    
    
   
 81,843 
    
   
   
 (25,158 
 )  
   
   
 -29 
 %  
   
   
 5,641 
    
   
   
 7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 243,243 
    
   
   
 314,321 
    
    
   
 340,127 
    
   
   
 (71,078 
 )  
   
   
 -23 
 %  
   
   
 (25,806 
 )  
   
   
 -8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 64,799 
    
   
 $ 
 96,995 
    
    
 $ 
 55,050 
    
   
 $ 
 (32,196 
 )  
   
   
 -33 
 %  
   
 $ 
 41,945 
    
   
   
 76 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 N/M Not meaningful.  
      123
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As a result of the spin-off on October 1, 2015 of Blackstone’s Financial Advisory
business, which did not include BXCM, the results of BXCM were reclassified from the Financial Advisory segment to the Private Equity segment. All prior periods have been recast to reflect this reclassification. Subsequent to September 30,
2015, the former Financial Advisory segment is reporting no revenues, no expenses, and no results. The table presented above is for comparative purposes only.    Liquidity and Capital Resources    General  
 Blackstone’s business model derives revenue primarily from third party assets under management. Blackstone is not a capital or
balance sheet intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. As a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or
operating needs of our businesses. We draw primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the Blackstone Funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth
initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, and pay distributions to unitholders.  
 Fluctuations in our statement of financial condition result primarily from activities of the Blackstone Funds which are consolidated as
well as business transactions, such as the issuance of senior notes described below. The majority economic ownership interests of the Blackstone Funds are reflected as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities, Non-Controlling
Interests in Consolidated Entities and Appropriated Partners’ Capital in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The consolidation of these Blackstone Funds has no net effect on the Partnership’s Net Income or Partners’ Capital.
Additionally, fluctuations in our statement of financial condition also include appreciation or depreciation in Blackstone investments in the Blackstone Funds, additional investments and redemptions of such interests in the Blackstone Funds and the
collection of receivables related to management and advisory fees.    Total assets were $22.5 billion as of December 31,
2015, down $9.0 billion from December 31, 2014. The decrease was principally due to a decrease in Investments of $8.4 billion. Total liabilities were $10.3 billion as of December 31, 2015, a decrease of $3.9 billion from December 31,
2014. The decrease was principally due to a decrease in Loans Payable of $2.8 billion. The decreases in total assets and total liabilities was primarily due to the adoption as of January 1, 2015 of new accounting consolidation guidance which
resulted in the deconsolidation of certain Blackstone Funds.    For the year ended December 31, 2015, we had Total Fee
Related Revenues of $2.6 billion and related expenses of $1.6 billion, generating Fee Related Earnings of $935.6 million and Distributable Earnings of $3.8 billion.    Sources of Liquidity    We have multiple sources of liquidity to meet
our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in the businesses, investments in our own Treasury and liquid funds and access to our debt capacity, including our $1.1 billion committed revolving credit facility and the proceeds
from our 2009, 2010, 2012, 2014 and 2015 issuances of senior notes. As of December 31, 2015, Blackstone had $1.8 billion in cash, $2.2 billion invested in Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies, $159.8 million invested in liquid
Blackstone Funds, $1.9 billion invested in illiquid Blackstone Funds and $129.5 million invested in other investments, against $2.8 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances, and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit
facility.    On April 27, 2015, Blackstone issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.450% senior notes which
will mature on July 15, 2045.  
      124
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On May 19, 2015, Blackstone issued €300 million in aggregate principal amount
of 2.000% senior notes which will mature on May 19, 2025.    In addition to the cash we received from our debt offerings
and availability under our committed revolving credit facility, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities, (b) Carried Interest and incentive income realizations, and (c) realizations on the carry and hedge
fund investments that we make. The amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our
investment funds. Our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds.
Therefore, Blackstone’s commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity and cash position.    We use Distributable Earnings, which is derived from our segment reported results, as a supplemental non-GAAP measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to Blackstone
unitholders, including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the
Blackstone Funds. Distributable Earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. Distributable Earnings, which is a component of Economic Net
Income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) Total Management and Advisory Fees, (b) Interest and Dividend Revenue, (c) Other Revenue, (d) Realized Performance Fees, and (e) Realized Investment Income (Loss); less
(a) Compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) Realized Performance Fee Compensation, (c) Other Operating Expenses, and (d) Taxes and Related Payables including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.
 
      125
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table calculates Blackstone’s Fee Related Earnings, Distributable
Earnings and Economic Net Income:            


 
      
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the total segment amounts of the respective captions. See Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Detail on this amount is included in the table below.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents the current tax provision calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes and the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.
 
 
 
 (d) 
 Represents equity-based award expense included in Economic Income.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Represents tax-related payables including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement, which is a component of Taxes and Related Payables.  
      126
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following calculates the components of Fee Related Earnings, Distributable Earnings and
Economic Net Income in the above table identified by note (b):        


 
      
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the total segment amounts of the respective captions. See Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents equity-based award expense included in Economic Income, which excludes all transaction-related equity-based charges.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Taxes and Related Payables Including Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision
(Benefit) for Taxes and the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Represents tax-related payables including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement, which is a component of Taxes and Related Payables.  
      127
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table is a reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group
L.P. to Economic Income, of Economic Income to Economic Net Income, of Economic Net Income to Fee Related Earnings, of Fee Related Earnings to Distributable Earnings and of Distributable Earnings to Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and
Depreciation and Amortization:            


 
  
      128
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
 (a) 
 This adjustment adds back to Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes amounts for Transaction-Related Charges which include principally equity-based
compensation charges associated with Blackstone’s initial public offering and long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions.  
 
 
 (b) 
 This adjustment adds back to Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes amounts for the Amortization of Intangibles which are associated with Blackstone’s
initial public offering and other corporate actions.  
 
 
 (c) 
 This adjustment adds back to Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes the amount of (Income) Loss Associated with Non-Controlling Interests of Consolidated
Entities and includes the amount of Management Fee Revenues associated with Consolidated CLO Entities.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Taxes represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes.  
 
 
 (e) 
 This adjustment removes from EI the total segment amount of Performance Fees.  
 
 
 (f) 
 This adjustment removes from EI the total segment amount of Investment Income (Loss).  
 
 
 (g) 
 This adjustment represents Interest Income and Dividend Revenue less Interest Expense.  
 
 
 (h) 
 This adjustment removes from expenses the compensation and benefit amounts related to Blackstone’s profit sharing plans related to Performance Fees.
 
 
 
 (i) 
 Represents the adjustment for realized Performance Fees net of corresponding actual amounts due under Blackstone’s profit sharing plans related thereto. Equals the
sum of Net Realized Incentive Fee and Net Realized Carried Interest.  
 
 
 (j) 
 Represents the adjustment for Blackstone’s Investment Income (Loss) — Realized.  
 
 
 (k) 
 Taxes and Related Payables Including Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision
(Benefit) for Taxes and the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.  
 
 
 (l) 
 Represents equity-based award expense included in EI, which excludes all transaction-related  equity-based  charges.
 
      129
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Liquidity Needs    We expect that our primary liquidity needs will be cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses which principally includes funding our general partner and
co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital to facilitate our expansion into new businesses that are complementary, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees and other obligations as they
arise, (d) fund modest capital expenditures, (e) repay borrowings and related interest costs, (f) pay income taxes, and (g) make distributions to our unitholders and the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Our own
capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Blackstone and General
Partner 
   
    
 Senior Managing Directors and Certain Other Professionals (a) 
   
 
   Fund 
    
 Original Commitment 
   
    
 Remaining Commitment 
   
    
 Original Commitment 
   
    
 Remaining Commitment 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Private Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BCP VII 
    
 $ 
 500,000 
    
    
 $ 
 500,000 
    
    
 $ 
 225,000 
    
    
 $ 
 225,000 
    
 
   BCP VI 
    
   
 719,718 
    
    
   
 186,033 
    
    
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 64,620 
    
 
   BCP V 
    
   
 629,356 
    
    
   
 40,519 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   BEP I 
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 5,460 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   BEP II 
    
   
 80,000 
    
    
   
 80,000 
    
    
   
 26,667 
    
    
   
 26,667 
    
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
    
   
 227,060 
    
    
   
 113,985 
    
    
   
 48,020 
    
    
   
 24,106 
    
 
   Strategic Partners 
    
   
 170,316 
    
    
   
 113,019 
    
    
   
 20,294 
    
    
   
 12,582 
    
 
   Other (b) 
    
   
 216,362 
    
    
   
 20,971 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Real Estate Funds 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BREP VIII 
    
   
 300,000 
    
    
   
 241,722 
    
    
   
 100,000 
    
    
   
 80,574 
    
 
   BREP VII 
    
   
 300,000 
    
    
   
 56,048 
    
    
   
 100,000 
    
    
   
 18,683 
    
 
   BREP VI 
    
   
 750,000 
    
    
   
 38,840 
    
    
   
 150,000 
    
    
   
 7,768 
    
 
   BREP Europe III 
    
   
 100,000 
    
    
   
 13,231 
    
    
   
 35,000 
    
    
   
 4,631 
    
 
   BREP Europe IV 
    
   
 130,000 
    
    
   
 38,268 
    
    
   
 43,333 
    
    
   
 12,756 
    
 
   BREP Asia 
    
   
 50,392 
    
    
   
 23,424 
    
    
   
 16,797 
    
    
   
 7,808 
    
 
   BREDS II 
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 26,693 
    
    
   
 16,667 
    
    
   
 8,898 
    
 
   CT Opportunity Partners I (b) 
    
   
 25,000 
    
    
   
 23,410 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other (c) 
    
   
 149,201 
    
    
   
 32,206 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Strategic Alliance 
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 2,033 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Strategic Alliance II 
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 1,482 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Strategic Alliance III 
    
   
 2,000 
    
    
   
 2,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Strategic Holdings LP 
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 45,847 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other (c) 
    
   
 800 
    
    
   
 611 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Credit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Capital Opportunities Fund II L.P. 
    
   
 120,000 
    
    
   
 98,356 
    
    
   
 110,115 
    
    
   
 51,693 
    
 
   GSO Capital Solutions II 
    
   
 125,000 
    
    
   
 56,334 
    
    
   
 119,755 
    
    
   
 94,229 
    
 
   Blackstone/GSO Capital Solutions 
    
   
 50,000 
    
    
   
 9,462 
    
    
   
 27,666 
    
    
   
 5,236 
    
 
   BMezz II 
    
   
 17,692 
    
    
   
 3,085 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   GSO Credit Alpha Fund LP 
    
   
 52,102 
    
    
   
 34,852 
    
    
   
 50,493 
    
    
   
 33,776 
    
 
   GSO Euro Senior Debt Fund LP 
    
   
 63,000 
    
    
   
 59,842 
    
    
   
 57,223 
    
    
   
 54,355 
    
 
   GSP Energy Select Opportunities Fund 
    
   
 80,000 
    
    
   
 73,750 
    
    
   
 75,044 
    
    
   
 69,181 
    
 
   Other (c) 
    
   
 87,631 
    
    
   
 43,454 
    
    
   
 15,035 
    
    
   
 7,912 
    
 
   Other 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Treasury 
    
   
 38,417 
    
    
   
 9,534 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 5,234,047 
    
    
 $ 
 1,994,471 
    
    
 $ 
 1,487,109 
    
    
 $ 
 810,475 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   For some of the general partner commitments shown in the table above we require our senior managing directors and certain other professionals to fund a
portion of the commitment even though the ultimate obligation to fund the aggregate commitment is ours pursuant to the governing agreements of the respective  
      130
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 
funds. The amounts of the aggregate applicable general partner original and remaining commitment are shown in the table above. In addition, certain senior managing directors and other
professionals are required to fund a de minimis amount of the commitment in the other private equity, real estate and credit-focused carry funds. We expect our commitments to be drawn down over time and to be funded by available cash and cash
generated from operations and realizations. Taking into account prevailing market conditions and both the liquidity and cash or liquid investment balances, we believe that the sources of liquidity described above will be more than sufficient to fund
our working capital requirements.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents a legacy fund managed by us as a result of the 2012 acquisition of the investment advisory business of BXMT.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents capital commitments to a number of other funds in each respective segment.  
 Blackstone, through indirect subsidiaries, has a $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) with
Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent with a maturity date of May 29, 2019. Borrowings may also be made in U.K. sterling, euros, Swiss francs or Japanese yen, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. The Credit Facility contains customary
representations, covenants and events of default. Financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly.  
 In August 2009, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued $600 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% Senior Notes which
will mature on August 15, 2019, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. In September 2010, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes which will mature on March 15, 2021,
unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. In August 2012, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes which will mature on February 15, 2023 and $250 million in aggregate
principal amount of 6.25% Senior Notes which will mature on August 15, 2042. In April 2014, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.000% Senior Notes which will mature on June 15, 2044,
unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. In April 2015, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued $350 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.450% Senior Notes which will mature on July 15, 2045, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased.
In May 2015, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued €300 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.000% Senior Notes which will mature on May 19, 2025, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. (These Senior Notes are
collectively referred to as the “Notes”.) The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by The Blackstone Group L.P.
and each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The Notes contain customary covenants and financial restrictions that, among other things, limit Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. and the guarantors’ ability, subject to certain
exceptions, to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. The Notes also contain customary events of default. All or a
portion of the Notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the Notes. If a change of control repurchase event occurs,
the Notes are subject to repurchase at the repurchase price as set forth in the Notes.    In January 2008, the Board of
Directors of our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under this unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from
time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors,
including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. This unit repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. During the year ended December 31, 2015, no units
were repurchased. As of December 31, 2015, the amount remaining under this program available for repurchases was $335.8 million.  
 Distributions  
 Distributable Earnings, which is derived from Blackstone’s segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess performance
and amounts available for distributions to Blackstone unitholders, including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable  
      131
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Earnings is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the Blackstone Funds. Distributable Earnings, which is a component of Economic Net
Income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) Total Management and Advisory Fees, (b) Interest and Dividend Revenue, (c) Other Revenue, (d) Realized Performance Fees, and (e) Realized Investment Income (Loss); less
(a) Compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) Realized Performance Fee Compensation, (c) Other Operating Expenses, and (d) Taxes and Related Payables Including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.
   Our intention is to distribute quarterly to common unitholders approximately 85% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s share of
Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and funds, to comply
with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter. The amount to be
distributed could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.    All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the
declaration and payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and our general partner may change our distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce the quarterly distribution payable to
our common unitholders or even to eliminate such distributions entirely.    Because the subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group
L.P. must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately distributed by The Blackstone Group L.P. to its common unitholders in respect of each fiscal year are expected to be less, on a per unit basis, than
the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.  
 The following chart shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common unitholder distributions for 2013, 2014 and 2015. Distributions are
declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which they are earned.        


 
  
      132
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  With respect to fiscal year 2015, we have paid to common unitholders distributions of $0.89,
$0.74, $0.49 and $0.61 per common unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.73 per common unit. With respect to fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we paid aggregate common unitholder distributions of
$2.12 per common unit and $1.34 per common unit, respectively.    With respect to fiscal year 2015, we have paid to the
Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships distributions of $0.90, $0.74, $0.49 and $0.65 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters,
respectively, aggregating $2.78 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit. With respect to fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we paid aggregate distributions of $2.46 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit and $1.52 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Unit, respectively.    Leverage    We may under certain circumstances use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for Blackstone and our public common unitholders. In addition to the
borrowings from our bond issuances and our revolving credit facility, our Treasury Cash Management Strategies may use reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. All of these positions are held in a
separately managed portfolio. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet
purchased. Repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. The balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on Blackstone’s liquidity needs, market conditions
and investment risk profiles.    Generally our private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds and credit-focused
funds have not utilized substantial leverage at the fund level other than for (a) short-term borrowings between the date of an investment and the receipt of capital from the investing fund’s investors, and (b) long-term borrowings for
certain investments in aggregate amounts which are generally 2% to 20% of the capital commitments of the respective fund. Our carry funds make direct or indirect investments in companies that utilize leverage in their capital structure. The degree
of leverage employed varies among portfolio companies.    Certain of our Real Estate debt hedge funds, Hedge Fund Solutions and
Credit funds use leverage in order to obtain additional market exposure, enhance returns on invested capital and/or to bridge short-term cash needs. The forms of leverage primarily employed by these funds include purchasing securities on margin,
utilizing collateralized financing and using derivative instruments.    The following table presents information regarding these
financial instruments in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
   
    
 Repurchase Agreements 
   
    
 Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Millions) 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2015 
    
 $ 
 204.9 
    
    
 $ 
 40.9 
    
    
 $ 
 176.7 
    
 
   Balance, December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 29.9 
    
    
 $ 
 85.9 
    
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Average Daily Balance 
    
 $ 
 92.9 
    
    
 $ 
 61.9 
    
    
 $ 
 172.5 
    
 
   Maximum Daily Balance 
    
 $ 
 236.2 
    
    
 $ 
 147.2 
    
    
 $ 
 281.9 
    
   Critical Accounting Policies    We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported
amounts of  
      133
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are
reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. Actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our
estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to
change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. (See Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data” of this filing.)    Principles of Consolidation  
 The Partnership consolidates all entities that it controls through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those Blackstone
Funds in which the general partner has a controlling financial interest. The Partnership has a controlling interest in Blackstone Holdings because the limited partners do not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have substantive kick out
rights or participating rights that would overcome the presumption of control by the Partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership consolidates Blackstone Holdings and records non-controlling interests to reflect the economic interests of the limited
partners of Blackstone Holdings.    In addition, the Partnership consolidates all variable interest entities (“VIE”)
in which it is the primary beneficiary. An enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that
most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The consolidation guidance
requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which the Partnership holds a variable interest is a VIE and (b) whether the Partnership’s involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or
contractually through other variable interests (for example, management and performance related fees), would give it a controlling financial interest. Performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment.  
 The Partnership determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity
and reconsiders that conclusion continually. In evaluating whether the Partnership is the primary beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by the Partnership. The consolidation
analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. Investments and redemptions (either by the Partnership,
affiliates of the Partnership or third parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, the
Partnership assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.    Assets of
consolidated VIEs that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone are presented
in a separate section in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Revenue Recognition  
 Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other.
Please refer to “Part I. Item 1. Business — Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” for additional information regarding the manner in which Base Management Fees and Performance Fees are generated.  
 Management and Advisory Fees, Net  — Management and Advisory Fees, Net are comprised of management fees, including base
management fees, transaction and other fees, advisory fees and management fee reductions and offsets.  
      134
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Partnership earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its
managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. Base management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the
underlying investment advisory agreements. The range of management fee rates and the calculation base from which they are earned, generally, are as follows:    On private equity, real estate, and certain credit-focused funds:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.25% to 2.00% of committed capital or invested capital during the investment period,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.25% to 1.75% of invested capital or investment fair value subsequent to the investment period for private equity and real estate funds, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.00% to 1.50% of invested capital or net asset value subsequent to the investment period for certain
 credit-focused  funds.    On real estate and credit-focused funds
structured like hedge funds:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.50% of net asset value.    On credit-focused separately managed accounts:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.35% to 1.35% of net asset value.    On real estate separately managed accounts:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.50% to 2.00% of invested capital, net operating income or net asset value.  
 On funds of hedge funds and separately managed accounts invested in hedge funds:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.50% to 1.25% of net asset value.    On CLO vehicles:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.40% to 0.65% of total assets.    On credit-focused registered and non-registered investment companies:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.35% to 1.50% of fund assets or net asset value.    The investment adviser of BXMT receives annual management fees based upon 1.50% of BXMT’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated “core earnings” (which is generally
equal to its GAAP net income excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments.    Transaction and
other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies. The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited
partners to the Partnership (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees directly paid to the Partnership by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type
of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.    Management fee offsets are reductions
to management fees payable by the limited partners of the Blackstone Funds, which are granted based on the amount such limited partners reimburse the Blackstone Funds for placement fees.  
 Advisory fees consist of advisory retainer and transaction-based fee arrangements related to financial and strategic advisory services,
restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and fund  
      135
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
placement services for alternative investment funds. Advisory retainer fees are recognized when services for the transactions are complete, in accordance with terms set forth in individual
agreements. Transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided, (c) fees are fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably
assured. Fund placement fees are recognized as earned upon the acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments.  
 Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date
are included in Accounts Receivable or Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Management fees paid by limited partners to the Blackstone Funds and passed on to Blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.
   Performance Fees —  Performance Fees earned on the performance of Blackstone’s hedge fund structures
(“Incentive Fees”) are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund’s governing
agreements. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone’s offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Accrued but
unpaid Incentive Fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Incentive Fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. Once realized,
such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.    In certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate
and certain Hedge Fund Solutions and credit-focused funds (“Carry Funds”), performance fees (“Carried Interest”) are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to
limited partners. At the end of each reporting period, the Partnership calculates the Carried Interest that would be due to the Partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were
realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Carried Interest to reflect
either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Carried Interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the Partnership to be less than the amount previously
recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to Carried Interest allocated to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Carried Interest on cumulative results compared to the Carried Interest recorded to
date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. The Partnership ceases to record negative Carried Interest allocations once previously recognized Carried Interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. The Partnership is
not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Carried Interest over the life of a fund. Accrued but unpaid Carried Interest as of the reporting date is reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Condition.    Carried Interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the
fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. Carried Interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the Carried Interest received to date
exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received Carried Interest, which is a component of Due to Affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to
Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the Blackstone Carry Funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’ investments as of the
reporting date. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain funds, including certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and
credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.    Investment Income (Loss)  — Investment Income
(Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the Partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal investments.
Investment Income (Loss) is realized when the Partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the Partnership receives cash income, such as  
      136
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
dividends or distributions. Unrealized Investment Income (Loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time
an investment is realized.    Interest and Dividend Revenue  — Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises primarily
interest and dividend income earned on principal investments held by Blackstone.    Other Revenue  — Other Revenue
consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.    Expenses    Our expenses include compensation and benefits expense and
general and administrative expenses. Our accounting policies related thereto are as follows:    Compensation and Benefits
— Compensation  — Compensation and Benefits consists of (a) employee compensation, comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation
associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date,
taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately and (b) certain
awards to recipients that meet specified criteria making them eligible for retirement treatment (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from Blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the
expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. Cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end
of each reporting period.    Compensation and Benefits — Performance Fee —  Performance Fee Compensation
consists of Carried Interest (which may be distributed in cash or in-kind) and Incentive Fee allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments, to employees and senior
managing directors participating in certain profit sharing initiatives. Such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Unlike Carried Interest and Incentive Fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of
individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. Compensation received from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.  
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments    GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. Market price observability
is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market
participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.  
 Financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the
determination of fair values, as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level I — Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the reporting date. The types of financial
instruments in Level I include listed equities, listed derivatives and mutual funds with quoted prices. The Partnership does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where Blackstone holds a large position and a sale
could reasonably impact the quoted price.  
      137
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level II — Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting
date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. Financial instruments which are generally included in this category include corporate bonds and loans, including corporate bonds and loans held within CLO
vehicles, government and agency securities, less liquid and restricted equity securities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. Upon adoption of the new CLO measurement guidance adopted as of
January 1, 2015, senior and subordinated notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level III — Pricing inputs are unobservable for the financial instruments and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity
for the financial instrument. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are included in this category generally include general and limited partnership interests
in private equity and real estate funds, credit-focused funds, distressed debt and non-investment grade residual interests in securitizations, certain corporate bonds and loans held within CLO vehicles, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where
the fair value is based on unobservable inputs. For periods prior to the adoption of new CLO measurement guidance, senior and subordinate notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy.
   In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The
Partnership’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.  
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period.  
 Level II Valuation Techniques    Financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, including certain corporate loans and bonds held by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles,
those held within Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies and debt securities sold, not yet purchased and interests in investment funds. Certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs are also
classified as Level II.    The valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair
value hierarchy are as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Debt Instruments and Equity Securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable
dealers or pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in
comparable investments and various relationships between investments. The valuation of certain equity securities is based on an observable price for an identical security adjusted for the effect of a restriction.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Freestanding Derivatives are valued using contractual cash flows and observable inputs comprising yield curves, foreign currency rates and credit
spreads.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Upon adoption of the new CLO measurement guidance adopted January 1, 2015, senior and subordinate notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified
based on the more observable fair value of CLO assets less (a) the fair value of any beneficial interests held by Blackstone, and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services.
 
      138
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Level III Valuation Techniques  
 In the absence of observable market prices, Blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis.
For some investments little market activity may exist; management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a
significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks. Investments for which market prices are not observable
include private investments in the equity of operating companies, real estate properties, certain funds of hedge funds and credit-focused investments.    Private Equity Investments  — The fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
(“EBITDA”), the discounted cash flow method, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are based on unaudited information at the time received. Valuations may be
derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of
comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow
method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to EBITDA or price/earnings exit multiples.    Real Estate
Investments —  The fair values of real estate investments are determined by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs among other measures. The methods used to estimate the fair
value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method and/or capitalization rates (“cap rates”) analysis. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for
example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the
investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to an exit EBITDA multiple or
capitalization rate. Additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash flow through debt maturity will be considered in support of the investment’s fair value.    Credit-Focused Investments  — The fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing
services. In some instances, Blackstone may utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach.    Credit-Focused Liabilities  — Credit-focused liabilities comprise senior and subordinate loans issued by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles. Such liabilities are valued using a
discounted cash flow method. On the adoption of new accounting guidance as of January 1, 2015 and the application of a permitted measurement alternative, such liabilities are valued based on the more observable fair value of related assets held
by CLO vehicles less (a) the fair value of any beneficial interests held by Blackstone and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interest that represent compensation for services.  
 Level III Valuation Process    Investments classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy are valued on a quarterly basis, taking into consideration any changes in Blackstone’s weighted-average cost of capital
assumptions, discounted cash flow projections and exit multiple assumptions, as well as any changes in economic and other relevant conditions, and valuation models are updated accordingly. The valuation process also includes a review by an
independent valuation party, at least annually for all investments, and quarterly for certain investments, to corroborate the values determined by management. The valuations of Blackstone’s investments are reviewed quarterly by a valuation
 
      139
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
committee chaired by Blackstone’s Vice Chairman and includes senior heads of each of Blackstone’s businesses, as well as representatives of legal and finance. Each quarter, the
valuations of Blackstone’s investments are also reviewed by the Audit Committee in a meeting attended by the chairman of the valuation committee. The valuations are further tested by comparison to actual sales prices obtained on disposition of
the investments.    Investments, at Fair Value    The Blackstone Funds are accounted for as investment companies under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Auditing Guide,  Investment Companies , and reflect their
investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the “Portfolio Companies”), at fair value. Such consolidated funds’ investments are reflected in Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at
fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Fair value is the amount that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price).    Blackstone’s principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
within Investment Income (Loss).    For certain instruments, the Partnership has elected the fair value option. Such election is
irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition. The Partnership has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables and certain investments in private debt securities that otherwise would not
have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. Accounting for these financial instruments at fair value is consistent with how the Partnership accounts for its other principal investments. Loans extended to third
parties are recorded within Accounts Receivable within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Debt securities for which the fair value option has been elected are recorded within Investments. The methodology for measuring the fair value
of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate, credit-focused and funds of hedge funds investments. Changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and
the amortization of purchase premiums. This interest income is recorded within Interest and Dividend Revenue.    In addition,
the Partnership has elected the fair value option for the assets and liabilities of CLO vehicles that are consolidated as of January 1, 2010, as a result of the initial adoption of variable interest entity consolidation guidance. The
Partnership has also elected the fair value option for CLO vehicles consolidated as a result of the acquisitions of CLO management contracts or the acquisition of the share capital of CLO managers. Historically, the adjustment resulting from the
difference between the fair value of assets and liabilities for each of these events was presented as a transition and acquisition adjustment to Appropriated Partners’ Capital. Assets of the consolidated CLOs are presented within Investments
within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and Liabilities within Loans Payable for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties and Due to Affiliates for the amounts held by non-consolidated affiliates. Changes in the fair value of
consolidated CLO assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income subsequent to adoption and acquisition are presented within Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. Expenses of consolidated CLO vehicles are
presented in Fund Expenses. Historically, amounts attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities had a corresponding adjustment to Appropriated Partners’ Capital. On the adoption of the new CLO measurement guidance, there is
no attribution of amounts to Non-Controlling Interests and no corresponding adjustments to Appropriated Partners’ Capital.  
 The Partnership has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been accounted for using
the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market or using the discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations.  
      140
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is
presented in Note 7. “Fair Value Option” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 The investments of consolidated Blackstone Funds in funds of hedge funds (“Investee Funds”) are valued at net asset value
(“NAV”) per share of the Investee Fund. In limited circumstances, the Partnership may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, the
Partnership will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of GAAP.    Certain investments of Blackstone and of the consolidated Blackstone funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds measure their investments in underlying funds at fair value using NAV per share without
adjustment. The terms of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution of gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion
of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting date. A side pocket is used by hedge funds and funds of hedge funds to separate investments that may lack a readily
ascertainable value, are illiquid or are subject to liquidity restriction. Redemptions are generally not permitted until the investments within a side pocket are liquidated or it is deemed that the conditions existing at the time that required the
investment to be included in the side pocket no longer exist. As the timing of either of these events is uncertain, the timing at which the Partnership may redeem an investment held in a side pocket cannot be estimated. Further disclosure on
instruments for which fair value is measured using NAV per share is presented in Note 5. “Net Asset Value as Fair Value” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data” of this filing.    Intangibles and Goodwill  
 Blackstone’s intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including management and advisory fees,
Incentive Fees and Carried Interest. Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 3 to 20 years, reflecting the contractual lives of such assets. Amortization
expense is included within General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Partnership does not hold any indefinite-lived intangible assets. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.    Goodwill comprises goodwill arising from the
contribution and reorganization of the Partnership’s predecessor entities in 2007 immediately prior to its IPO, the acquisition of GSO in 2008 and the acquisition of Strategic Partners in 2013. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least
annually utilizing a qualitative or quantitative approach, and more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The impairment testing for goodwill under the qualitative approach is based first on a qualitative assessment to
determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of Blackstone’s operating segments is less than their respective carrying values. The operating segment is the reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill. If it is
determined that it is more likely than not that an operating segment’s fair value is less than its carrying value or when the quantitative approach is used, a two-step quantitative assessment is performed to (a) calculate the fair value of
the operating segment and compare it to its carrying value, and (b) if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, to measure an impairment loss.    Management has organized the firm into four operating segments. All of the components in each segment have similar economic characteristics and management makes key operating decisions based on the
performance of each segment. Therefore, we believe that operating segment is the appropriate reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill.    The carrying value of goodwill was $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, we determined there was no evidence of Goodwill
impairment.  
      141
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements including sponsoring and owning limited or general
partner interests in consolidated and non-consolidated funds, entering into derivative transactions, entering into operating leases, and entering into guarantee arrangements. We also have ongoing capital commitment arrangements with certain of our
consolidated and non-consolidated drawdown funds. We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that would require us to fund losses or guarantee target returns to investors in our funds.  
 Further disclosure on our off-balance sheet arrangements is presented in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in
“— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Note 6. “Derivative Financial Instruments”,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Note 9. “Variable Interest Entities”, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Commitments, Operating Leases; — Commitments, Investment Commitments; and —
Contingencies, Guarantees.”    Recent Accounting Developments  
 Information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on Blackstone can be found in Note 2. “Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
      142
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies  
 The following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015 on a consolidated basis
and on a basis deconsolidating the Blackstone Funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Contractual Obligations 
    
 2016 
   
   
 2017-2018 
   
   
 2019-2020 
   
   
 Thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Operating Lease Obligations (a) 
    
 $ 
 75,076 
    
   
 $ 
 146,836 
    
   
 $ 
 130,986 
    
   
 $ 
 490,835 
    
   
 $ 
 843,733 
    
 
   Purchase Obligations 
    
   
 23,748 
    
   
   
 20,574 
    
   
   
 4,333 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 48,659 
    
 
   Blackstone Issued Notes and Revolving Credit Facility (b) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 585,000 
    
   
   
 2,227,990 
    
   
   
 2,812,990 
    
 
   Interest on Blackstone Issued Notes and Revolving Credit Facility (c) 
    
   
 147,458 
    
   
   
 288,032 
    
   
   
 249,276 
    
   
   
 1,412,674 
    
   
   
 2,097,440 
    
 
   Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (d) 
    
   
 4,453 
    
   
   
 519,318 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,395,009 
    
   
   
 3,918,780 
    
 
   Interest on Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (e) 
    
   
 75,651 
    
   
   
 137,702 
    
   
   
 131,874 
    
   
   
 470,539 
    
   
   
 815,766 
    
 
   Blackstone Funds Capital Commitments to Investee Funds (f) 
    
   
 48,633 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 48,633 
    
 
   Due to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Connection with Tax Receivable Agreements (g) 
    
   
 72,766 
    
   
   
 142,208 
    
   
   
 182,566 
    
   
   
 830,398 
    
   
   
 1,227,938 
    
 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Including Interest and Penalties (h) 
    
   
 5,630 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,630 
    
 
   Blackstone Operating Entities Capital Commitments to Blackstone Funds and Other (i) 
    
   
 1,994,471 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,994,471 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Contractual Obligations 
    
   
 2,447,886 
    
   
   
 1,254,670 
    
   
   
 1,284,035 
    
   
   
 8,827,449 
    
   
   
 13,814,040 
    
 
   Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (d) 
    
   
 (4,453 
 )  
   
   
 (519,318 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3,395,009 
 )  
   
   
 (3,918,780 
 )  
 
   Interest on Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (e) 
    
   
 (75,651 
 )  
   
   
 (137,702 
 )  
   
   
 (131,874 
 )  
   
   
 (470,539 
 )  
   
   
 (815,766 
 )  
 
   Blackstone Funds Capital Commitments to Investee Funds (f) 
    
   
 (48,633 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48,633 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Blackstone Operating Entities Contractual Obligations 
    
 $ 
 2,319,149 
    
   
 $ 
 597,650 
    
   
 $ 
 1,152,161 
    
   
 $ 
 4,961,901 
    
   
 $ 
 9,030,861 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 We lease our primary office space under agreements that expire through 2032. In connection with certain lease agreements, we are responsible for escalation payments.
The contractual obligation table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments. These leases are classified as operating leases for financial statement
purposes and as such are not recorded as liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The amounts are presented net of contractual sublease commitments.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents the principal amount due on the senior notes we issued. As of December 31, 2015, we had no outstanding borrowings under our revolver.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents interest to be paid over the maturity of our senior notes and borrowings under our revolving credit facility which has been calculated assuming no
pre-payments are made and debt is held until its final maturity date. These amounts exclude commitment fees for unutilized borrowings under our revolver.  
 
 
 (d) 
 These obligations are those of the Blackstone Funds including the consolidated CLO vehicles.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Represents interest to be paid over the maturity of the related consolidated Blackstone Funds’ and CLO vehicles’ debt obligations which has
been calculated assuming no pre-payments will be made and debt will be held until its final maturity date. The future interest payments are calculated using variable rates in effect as of
 
      143
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 
December 31, 2015, at spreads to market rates pursuant to the financing agreements, and range from 0.33% to 7.00%. The majority of the borrowings are due on demand and for purposes of this
schedule are assumed to mature within one year. Interest on the majority of these borrowings rolls over into the principal balance at each reset date.  
 
 
 (f) 
 These obligations represent commitments of the consolidated Blackstone Funds to make capital contributions to investee funds and portfolio companies. These amounts are
generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category.  
 
 
 (g) 
 Represents obligations by the Partnership’s corporate subsidiary to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements to certain non-controlling interest holders
for the tax savings realized from the taxable purchases of their interests in connection with the reorganization at the time of Blackstone’s initial public offering in 2007 and subsequent purchases. The obligation represents the amount of the
payments currently expected to be made, which are dependent on the tax savings actually realized as determined annually without discounting for the timing of the payments. As required by GAAP, the amount of the obligation included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements and shown in Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” (see “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”) differs to reflect the net present value of the payments due to certain
non-controlling interest holders.  
 
 
 (h) 
 The total represents gross unrecognized tax benefits of $3.2 million and interest and penalties of $2.4 million. In addition, Blackstone is not able to make a
reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with gross unrecognized benefits of $12.5 million and interest of $5.0 million; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations
table.  
 
 
 (i) 
 These obligations represent commitments by us to provide general partner capital funding to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and
Blackstone principal investment commitments. These amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category; however, a substantial amount of the capital commitments are expected to be called over the next
three years. We expect to continue to make these general partner capital commitments as we raise additional amounts for our investment funds over time.    In connection with the spin-off of our financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory service and Park Hill group businesses, certain of the Blackstone equity awards
held by PJT Partners’ personnel who remained employed with PJT Partners through the spin-off were converted into equity awards of PJT Partners. As described under “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions — Agreements with
Blackstone Related to the Spin-Off — Employee Matters Agreement” in the Form 10 filed by PJT Partners Inc. on September 3, 2015, if in the first 180 calendar days following the spin-off the value of the PJT Partners’
personnel’s converted equity award is less than the value that the relinquished Blackstone award would have had over the same period, Blackstone will pay (in cash, Blackstone equity or PJT Partners equity, at Blackstone’s discretion)
certain “true-up” awards to PJT Partners’ personnel. As an illustrative example, $8.3 million would be payable by Blackstone pursuant to this “true-up” requirement if the “true-up” awards were calculated as of
December 31, 2015.    Guarantees    Blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide financial guarantees. The amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies
— Guarantees” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.    Indemnifications    In many of its service contracts, Blackstone
agrees to indemnify the third party service provider under certain circumstances. The terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the
table above or recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2015.  
      144
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Clawback Obligations    Carried Interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the Carried Interest received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The
actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim
clawback liability. The lives of the carry funds, including available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated to expire at
various points through 2028. Further extensions of such terms may be implemented under given circumstances.    For financial
reporting purposes, the general partners have recorded a liability for potential clawback obligations to the limited partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund’s remaining investments and where the
fund’s general partner has previously received Carried Interest distributions with respect to such fund’s realized investments.    As of December 31, 2015, the total clawback obligations were $3.4 million, of which $1.7 million related to current and former Blackstone personnel and $1.7 million related to Blackstone Holdings.
If, at December 31, 2015, all of the investments held by our carry funds were deemed worthless, a possibility that management views as remote, the amount of carried interest subject to potential clawback would be $4.4 billion, on an after tax
basis where applicable, of which $4.1 billion related to Blackstone Holdings and $370.5 million related to current and former Blackstone personnel. (See Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” and Note 18. “Commitments and
Contingencies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “— Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.)  
   
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment adviser to the Blackstone Funds and the sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments,
including the effect on management fees, performance fees and investment income.    Although the Blackstone Funds share many
common themes, each of our alternative asset management operations runs its own investment and risk management processes, subject to our overall risk tolerance and philosophy:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment process of our carry funds involves a detailed analysis of potential investments, and asset management teams are assigned to oversee the
operations, strategic development, financing and capital deployment decisions of each portfolio investment. Key investment decisions are subject to approval by the applicable investment committee, which is comprised of Blackstone senior managing
directors and senior management.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In our capacity as adviser to certain funds in our Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit segments, we continuously monitor a variety of markets for
attractive trading opportunities, applying a number of traditional and customized risk management metrics to analyze risk related to specific assets or portfolios. In addition, we perform extensive credit and cash-flow analyses of borrowers,
credit-based assets and underlying hedge fund managers, and have extensive asset management teams that monitor covenant compliance by, and relevant financial data of, borrowers and other obligors, asset pool performance statistics, tracking of cash
payments relating to investments and ongoing analysis of the credit status of investments.  
      145
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Effect on Fund Management Fees  
 Our management fees are based on (a) third parties’ capital commitments to a Blackstone Fund, (b) third parties’
capital invested in a Blackstone Fund or (c) the net asset value, or NAV, of a Blackstone Fund, as described in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management fees will only be directly affected by short-term changes in market conditions to
the extent they are based on NAV or represent permanent impairments of value. These management fees will be increased (or reduced) in direct proportion to the effect of changes in the fair value of our investments in the related funds. The
proportion of our management fees that are based on NAV is dependent on the number and types of Blackstone Funds in existence and the current stage of each fund’s life cycle. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31,
2014, the approximate percentages of our fund management fees based on the NAV of the applicable funds or separately managed accounts, were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Fund Management Fees Based on the NAV of the Applicable Funds or Separately Managed Accounts 
    
   
 34 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   Market Risk    The Blackstone Funds hold investments which are reported at fair value. Based on the fair value as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we estimate that a 10% decline in fair value of the
investments would result in the following declines in Management Fees, Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense and Investment Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   10% Decline in Fair Value of the Investments 
    
 $ 
 85,463 
    
    
 $ 
 1,296,886 
    
    
 $ 
 250,246 
    
    
 $ 
 86,002 
    
    
 $ 
 1,725,051 
    
    
 $ 
 268,053 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the annualized effect of the 10% decline.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents the reporting date effect of the 10% decline.    Total Assets Under Management, excluding undrawn capital commitments and the amount of capital raised for our CLOs, by segment, and the percentage amount classified as Level III investments as defined
within the fair value standards of GAAP, are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 Total Assets Under Management, Excluding Undrawn
Capital Commitments and the Amount of Capital Raised for CLOs 
   
    
 Percentage Amount Classified as Level III Investments 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
    
   
   


 
   Private Equity 
    
 $ 
 50,433,836 
    
    
   
 54 
 %  
 
   Real Estate 
    
 $ 
 66,146,413 
    
    
   
 82 
 %  
 
   Credit 
    
 $ 
 44,555,315 
    
    
   
 54 
 %  
   The fair value of our investments and securities can vary significantly based on a number of factors that
take into consideration the diversity of the Blackstone Funds’ investment portfolio and on a number of factors and inputs such as similar transactions, financial metrics, and industry comparatives, among others. (See “Part I. Item 1A.
Risk  
      146
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Factors” above. Also see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Investments, at
Fair Value.”) We believe these fair value amounts should be utilized with caution as our intent and strategy is to hold investments and securities until prevailing market conditions are beneficial for investment sales.  
 Investors in all of our carry funds (and certain of our credit-focused funds and funds of hedge funds) make capital commitments to those
funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We depend on investors fulfilling their commitments when we call capital from them in order for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay
their related obligations when due, including management fees. We have not had investors fail to honor capital calls to any meaningful extent and any investor that did not fund a capital call would be subject to having a significant amount of its
existing investment forfeited in that fund; however, if investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, those funds could be materially and adversely affected.  
 Exchange Rate Risk    The
Blackstone Funds hold investments that are denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies that may be affected by movements in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar currencies. Additionally, a portion of our management fees are
denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies. We estimate that as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, a 10% decline in the rate of exchange of all foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would result in the following declines in
Management Fees, Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense and Investment Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   10% Decline in the Rate of Exchange of All Foreign Currencies Against the U.S. Dollar 
    
 $ 
 13,464 
    
    
 $ 
 270,190 
    
    
 $ 
 41,445 
    
    
 $ 
 21,882 
    
    
 $ 
 333,784 
    
    
 $ 
 36,254 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the annualized effect of the 10% decline.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents the reporting date effect of the 10% decline.    Interest Rate Risk    Blackstone has debt obligations payable that accrue
interest at variable rates. Interest rate changes may therefore affect the amount of our interest payments, future earnings and cash flows. Based on our debt obligations payable as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we estimate
that interest expense relating to variable rates would increase on an annual basis, in the event interest rates were to increase by one percentage point, as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2015     
   
    
     2014     
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Annualized Increase in Interest Expense Due to a One Percentage Point Increase in Interest Rates 
    
 $ 
 45 
    
    
 $ 
 69 
    
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies consists of a diversified portfolio of liquid
assets to meet the liquidity needs of various businesses (the “Treasury Liquidity Portfolio”). This portfolio includes cash, open-ended  
      147
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
money market mutual funds, open-ended bond mutual funds, marketable investment securities, freestanding derivative contracts, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and other investments.
If interest rates were to increase by one percentage point, we estimate that our annualized investment income would decrease, offset by an estimated increase in interest income on an annual basis from interest on floating rate assets, as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Annualized Decrease in Investment Income 
   
   
 Annualized Increase in Interest Income from Floating Rate Assets 
   
    
 Annualized Decrease in Investment Income 
   
   
 Annualized Increase in Interest Income from Floating Rate Assets 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   One Percentage Point Increase in Interest Rates 
    
 $ 
 140  
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 20,486 
    
    
 $ 
 17,868  
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 15,201 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, this represents 0.0% and 0.6% of the Treasury Liquidity Portfolio, respectively.  
 Credit Risk    Certain
Blackstone Funds and the Investee Funds are subject to certain inherent risks through their investments.    The Treasury
Liquidity Portfolio contains certain credit risks including, but not limited to, exposure to uninsured deposits with financial institutions, unsecured corporate bonds and mortgage-backed securities. These exposures are actively monitored on a
continuous basis and positions are reallocated based on changes in risk profile, market or economic conditions.    We estimate
that our annualized investment income would decrease, if credit spreads were to increase by one percentage point, as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2015     
   
    
     2014     
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Decrease in Annualized Investment Income Due to a One Percentage Point Increase in Credit Spreads (a) 
    
 $ 
 32,182 
    
    
 $ 
 57,157 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, this represents 0.8% and 1.8% of the Treasury Liquidity Portfolio, respectively.  
 Certain of our entities hold derivative instruments that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties may be unable to
meet the terms of such agreements. We minimize our risk exposure by limiting the counterparties with which we enter into contracts to banks and investment banks who meet established credit and capital guidelines. We do not expect any counterparty to
default on its obligations and therefore do not expect to incur any loss due to counterparty default.  
      148
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 150 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 
    
   
 151 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
    
   
 153 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
    
   
 154 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Partners’ Capital for the Years Ended December 
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 155 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
    
   
 158 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 160 
    
 
      149
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
   To the General Partner and Unitholders of The Blackstone Group L.P.:  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of The Blackstone Group L.P. and subsidiaries
(“Blackstone”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in partners’ capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2015. We also have audited Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Blackstone’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion
on Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or
fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The Blackstone Group L.P. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, Blackstone maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission .     As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, Blackstone
adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s amended consolidation guidance as of January 1, 2015.    /s/ DELOITTE &
TOUCHE LLP    New York, New York  
 February 26, 2016  
      150
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition  
  (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
   
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,837,324 
    
   
 $ 
 1,412,472 
    
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 587,132 
    
   
   
 1,808,092 
    
 
   Investments (including assets pledged of $64,535 and $45,764 at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014 ,
respectively) 
    
   
 14,324,097 
    
   
   
 22,765,589 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 613,153 
    
   
   
 559,321 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 204,893 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 1,240,797 
    
   
   
 1,128,408 
    
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
   
 345,547 
    
   
   
 458,833 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,718,519 
    
   
   
 1,787,392 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 377,189 
    
   
   
 324,760 
    
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 1,277,429 
    
   
   
 1,252,230 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 22,526,080 
    
   
 $ 
 31,497,097 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 6,116,747 
    
   
 $ 
 8,923,841 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 1,282,700 
    
   
   
 1,490,088 
    
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,029,918 
    
   
   
 2,439,257 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 176,667 
    
   
   
 85,878 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 40,929 
    
   
   
 29,907 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 648,662 
    
   
   
 1,194,579 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 10,295,623 
    
   
   
 14,163,550 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and Contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 183,459 
    
   
   
 2,441,854 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   The Blackstone Group L.P. Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital (common units: 624,450,162 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2015; 595,624,855 issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2014) 
    
   
 6,322,307 
    
   
   
 6,999,830 
    
 
   Appropriated Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81,301 
    
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 (52,519 
 )  
   
   
 (20,864 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total The Blackstone Group L.P. Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 6,269,788 
    
   
   
 7,060,267 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 2,408,701 
    
   
   
 3,415,356 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 3,368,509 
    
   
   
 4,416,070 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 12,046,998 
    
   
   
 14,891,693 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 22,526,080 
    
   
 $ 
 31,497,097 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      continued…
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

      151
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition    (Dollars in Thousands)      
  The following presents the portion of the consolidated balances presented above
attributable to consolidated Blackstone Funds which are variable interest entities. The following assets may only be used to settle obligations of these consolidated Blackstone Funds and these liabilities are only the obligations of these
consolidated Blackstone Funds and they do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
 $ 
 435,775 
    
    
 $ 
 1,325,094 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 4,558,216 
    
    
   
 7,759,322 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 122,077 
    
    
   
 131,996 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 25,561 
    
    
   
 65,124 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 12,693 
    
    
   
 48,441 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 5,154,322 
    
    
 $ 
 9,329,977 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 3,319,656 
    
    
 $ 
 6,787,100 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 39,532 
    
    
   
 182,107 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other 
    
   
 316,498 
    
    
   
 697,149 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 3,675,686 
    
    
 $ 
 7,666,356 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      152
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  
  (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 $ 
 2,542,505 
    
   
 $ 
 2,497,252 
    
   
 $ 
 2,193,985 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 3,205,290 
    
   
   
 2,450,082 
    
   
   
 943,958 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 193,238 
    
   
   
 249,005 
    
   
   
 464,838 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 (1,595,174 
 )  
   
   
 1,704,924 
    
   
   
 2,158,010 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 (6,688 
 )  
   
   
 (29,749 
 )  
   
   
 (22,749 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
    
   
 1,796,666 
    
   
   
 4,374,262 
    
   
   
 3,544,057 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 555,171 
    
   
   
 523,735 
    
   
   
 188,644 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 (350,529 
 )  
   
   
 10,265 
    
   
   
 611,664 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
    
   
 204,642 
    
   
   
 534,000 
    
   
   
 800,308 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 94,957 
    
   
   
 69,809 
    
   
   
 64,511 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 7,782 
    
   
   
 9,405 
    
   
   
 10,307 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 4,646,552 
    
   
   
 7,484,728 
    
   
   
 6,613,168 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 1,726,191 
    
   
   
 1,868,868 
    
   
   
 1,844,485 
    
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 793,801 
    
   
   
 815,643 
    
   
   
 257,201 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 85,945 
    
   
   
 110,099 
    
   
   
 200,915 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 (312,696 
 )  
   
   
 379,037 
    
   
   
 966,717 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 (2,490 
 )  
   
   
 (19,276 
 )  
   
   
 (11,651 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,290,751 
    
   
   
 3,154,371 
    
   
   
 3,257,667 
    
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
    
   
 576,103 
    
   
   
 549,463 
    
   
   
 474,442 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
    
   
 144,522 
    
   
   
 121,524 
    
   
   
 107,973 
    
 
   Fund Expenses 
    
   
 79,499 
    
   
   
 30,498 
    
   
   
 26,658 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 3,090,875 
    
   
   
 3,855,856 
    
   
   
 3,866,740 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
    
   
 82,707 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 20,469 
    
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
    
   
 176,364 
    
   
   
 357,854 
    
   
   
 381,664 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
    
   
 259,071 
    
   
   
 357,854 
    
   
   
 402,133 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
   
 1,814,748 
    
   
   
 3,986,726 
    
   
   
 3,148,561 
    
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
   
 190,398 
    
   
   
 291,173 
    
   
   
 255,642 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
    
   
 1,624,350 
    
   
   
 3,695,553 
    
   
   
 2,892,919 
    
 
   Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 11,145 
    
   
   
 74,794 
    
   
   
 183,315 
    
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 219,900 
    
   
   
 335,070 
    
   
   
 198,557 
    
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 683,516 
    
   
   
 1,701,100 
    
   
   
 1,339,845 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 709,789 
    
   
 $ 
 1,584,589 
    
   
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.12 
    
   
 $ 
 2.60 
    
   
 $ 
 2.00 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.04 
    
   
 $ 
 2.58 
    
   
 $ 
 1.98 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
   
 634,337,179 
    
   
   
 608,803,111 
    
   
   
 587,018,828 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
   
 1,188,085,411 
    
   
   
 613,176,405 
    
   
   
 590,546,640 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues Earned from Affiliates 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 $ 
 210,672 
    
   
 $ 
 327,134 
    
   
 $ 
 253,877 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      153
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
  (Dollars in Thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 1,624,350 
    
   
 $ 
 3,695,553 
    
   
 $ 
 2,892,919 
    
 
   Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax — Currency Translation Adjustment 
    
   
 (49,238 
 )  
   
   
 (57,924 
 )  
   
   
 9,896 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 1,575,112 
    
   
   
 3,637,629 
    
   
   
 2,902,815 
    
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 11,145 
    
   
   
 74,794 
    
   
   
 183,315 
    
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 202,318 
    
   
   
 301,477 
    
   
   
 207,157 
    
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 683,516 
    
   
   
 1,701,100 
    
   
   
 1,339,845 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 678,133 
    
   
 $ 
 1,560,258 
    
   
 $ 
 1,172,498 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      154
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital  
  (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Appro- priated Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive Income 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 556,354,387 
    
   
 $ 
 4,955,649 
    
   
 $ 
 509,028 
    
   
 $ 
 2,170 
    
   
 $ 
 5,466,847 
    
   
 $ 
 1,443,559 
    
   
 $ 
 2,748,356 
    
   
 $ 
 9,658,762 
    
   
 $ 
 1,556,185 
    
 
   Consolidation of Fund Entity 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 659,001 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 659,001 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,171,202 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,171,202 
    
   
   
 198,557 
    
   
   
 1,339,845 
    
   
   
 2,709,604 
    
   
   
 183,315 
    
 
   Allocation of Losses of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (186,183 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (186,183 
 )  
   
   
 186,183 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,296 
    
   
   
 1,296 
    
   
   
 8,600 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,896 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Allocation of Currency Translation Adjustment of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,600 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,600 
    
   
   
 (8,600 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 285,757 
    
   
   
 262 
    
   
   
 286,019 
    
   
   
 894,792 
    
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (679,082 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (679,082 
 )  
   
   
 (306,605 
 )  
   
   
 (790,397 
 )  
   
   
 (1,776,084 
 )  
   
   
 (555,943 
 )  
 
   Transfer of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,403 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,403 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of Interests from Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 80,580 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 80,580 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 80,580 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 411,516 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 411,516 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 399,567 
    
   
   
 811,083 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Relinquished with Deconsolidation and Liquidation of Partnership 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (30,737 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (30,737 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (30,739 
 )  
   
   
 (127,907 
 )  
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 6,464,259 
    
   
   
 (20,366 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (20,366 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (481 
 )  
   
   
 (20,847 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,519 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,519 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,519 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 8,232,434 
    
   
   
 43,255 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 43,255 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43,255 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance of New Units 
   
   
 1,541,199 
    
   
   
 42,400 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 42,400 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 42,400 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 572,592,279 
    
   
 $ 
 6,002,592 
    
   
 $ 
 300,708 
    
   
 $ 
 3,466 
    
   
 $ 
 6,306,766 
    
   
 $ 
 2,464,047 
    
   
 $ 
 3,656,416 
    
   
 $ 
 12,427,229 
    
   
 $ 
 1,950,442 
    
    
 continued…  
 See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

      155
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital    (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Appro- priated Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive Income (Loss) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 572,592,279 
    
   
 $ 
 6,002,592 
    
   
 $ 
 300,708 
    
   
 $ 
 3,466 
    
   
 $ 
 6,306,766 
    
   
 $ 
 2,464,047 
    
   
 $ 
 3,656,416 
    
   
 $ 
 12,427,229 
    
   
 $ 
 1,950,442 
    
 
   Acquisition Adjustments Relating to Consolidation of CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,398 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,398 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,398 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Consolidation of Fund Entity 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 323,158 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 323,158 
    
   
   
 30,922 
    
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,584,589 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,584,589 
    
   
   
 335,070 
    
   
   
 1,701,100 
    
   
   
 3,620,759 
    
   
   
 74,794 
    
 
   Allocation of Losses of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (111,723 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (111,723 
 )  
   
   
 111,723 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (24,330 
 )  
   
   
 (24,330 
 )  
   
   
 (33,594 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (57,924 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Allocation of Currency Translation Adjustment of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (33,594 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (33,594 
 )  
   
   
 33,594 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Reclassification of Currency Translation Adjustment Due to Deconsolidation of CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (611 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (611 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (611 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 760,357 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 760,357 
    
   
   
 851,658 
    
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,148,139 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,148,139 
 )  
   
   
 (577,032 
 )  
   
   
 (1,200,457 
 )  
   
   
 (2,925,628 
 )  
   
   
 (465,962 
 )  
 
   Transfer of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,885 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,885 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of Interests from Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,982 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,982 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,982 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 421,363 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 421,363 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 386,703 
    
   
   
 808,066 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Relinquished with Deconsolidation and Liquidation of Partnership 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (82,488 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (82,488 
 )  
   
   
 (82 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (82,570 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 6,407,733 
    
   
   
 (35,469 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (35,469 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (783 
 )  
   
   
 (36,252 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Excess Tax Benefits Related to Equity-Based Compensation, Net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,620 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,620 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,620 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,032 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,032 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,032 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 16,624,843 
    
   
   
 117,877 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 117,877 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (117,877 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 595,624,855 
    
   
 $ 
 6,999,830 
    
   
 $ 
 81,301 
    
   
 $ 
 (20,864 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,060,267 
    
   
 $ 
 3,415,356 
    
   
 $ 
 4,416,070 
    
   
 $ 
 14,891,693 
    
   
 $ 
 2,441,854 
    
      156
 

  continued…    See notes to consolidated financial statements.  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital    (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Appro- priated Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive (Loss) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 595,624,855 
    
   
 $ 
 6,999,830 
    
   
 $ 
 81,301 
    
   
 $ 
 (20,864 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,060,267 
    
   
 $ 
 3,415,356 
    
   
 $ 
 4,416,070 
    
   
 $ 
 14,891,693 
    
   
 $ 
 2,441,854 
    
 
   Deconsolidation of CLOs and Funds on Adoption of ASU 2015-02 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (90,928 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (90,928 
 )  
   
   
 (1,002,728 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,093,656 
 )  
   
   
 (2,258,289 
 )  
 
   Adjustment to Appropriated Partners’ Capital on Adoption of ASU 2014-13 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,627 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,627 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,627 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 709,789 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 709,789 
    
   
   
 219,900 
    
   
   
 683,516 
    
   
   
 1,613,205 
    
   
   
 11,145 
    
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (31,655 
 )  
   
   
 (31,655 
 )  
   
   
 (39,475 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (71,130 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 491,456 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 491,456 
    
   
   
 2,357 
    
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,812,602 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,812,602 
 )  
   
   
 (663,536 
 )  
   
   
 (1,684,744 
 )  
   
   
 (4,160,882 
 )  
   
   
 (13,608 
 )  
 
   Distributions Associated with the Spin-Off 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (232,034 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (232,034 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (135,204 
 )  
   
   
 (367,238 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Transfer of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (12,272 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (12,272 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 65,027 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 65,027 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 65,027 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 356,440 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 356,440 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 315,442 
    
   
   
 671,882 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 12,180,703 
    
   
   
 (59,128 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (59,128 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,903 
 )  
   
   
 (61,031 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Excess Tax Benefits Related to Equity-Based Compensation, Net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 70,317 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 70,317 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 70,317 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 92,785 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 92,785 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (92,785 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 16,644,604 
    
   
   
 131,883 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 131,883 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (131,883 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 624,450,162 
    
   
 $ 
 6,322,307 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (52,519 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,269,788 
    
   
 $ 
 2,408,701 
    
   
 $ 
 3,368,509 
    
   
 $ 
 12,046,998 
    
   
 $ 
 183,459 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      157
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
  (Dollars in Thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year
Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Operating Activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 1,624,350 
    
   
 $ 
 3,695,553 
    
   
 $ 
 2,892,919 
    
 
   Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Blackstone Funds Related 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized (Appreciation) Depreciation on Investments Allocable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated
Entities 
   
   
 356,170 
    
   
   
 (430,738 
 )  
   
   
 (1,069,479 
 )  
 
   Net Realized Gains on Investments 
   
   
 (4,121,003 
 )  
   
   
 (3,343,635 
 )  
   
   
 (1,792,106 
 )  
 
   Changes in Unrealized (Gains) Losses on Investments Allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
 365,894 
    
   
   
 83,140 
    
   
   
 (506,546 
 )  
 
   Non-Cash Performance Fees 
   
   
 1,391,946 
    
   
   
 (1,317,707 
 )  
   
   
 (1,143,903 
 )  
 
   Non-Cash Performance Fee Compensation 
   
   
 564,560 
    
   
   
 1,285,503 
    
   
   
 1,413,182 
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation Expense 
   
   
 629,642 
    
   
   
 734,733 
    
   
   
 855,087 
    
 
   Excess Tax Benefits Related to Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 (70,318 
 )  
   
   
 (25,646 
 )  
   
   
 (5,769 
 )  
 
   Amortization of Intangibles 
   
   
 101,437 
    
   
   
 101,915 
    
   
   
 95,671 
    
 
   Other Non-Cash Amounts Included in Net Income 
   
   
 144,657 
    
   
   
 121,808 
    
   
   
 206,451 
    
 
   Cash Flows Due to Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
   
   
 1,220,959 
    
   
   
 (390,092 
 )  
   
   
 371,641 
    
 
   Cash Relinquished with Deconsolidation and Liquidation of Partnership 
   
   
 (442,370 
 )  
   
   
 (476,533 
 )  
   
   
 (173,726 
 )  
 
   Accounts Receivable 
   
   
 (213,706 
 )  
   
   
 229,331 
    
   
   
 (46,580 
 )  
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
   
   
 (204,893 
 )  
   
   
 148,984 
    
   
   
 99,034 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
   
   
 (97,487 
 )  
   
   
 229,837 
    
   
   
 237,169 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 (149,732 
 )  
   
   
 (82,890 
 )  
   
   
 15,445 
    
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 (917,428 
 )  
   
   
 (836,852 
 )  
   
   
 (454,724 
 )  
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
   
   
 96,780 
    
   
   
 (144,383 
 )  
   
   
 (142,952 
 )  
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
   
   
 (474,652 
 )  
   
   
 (305,978 
 )  
   
   
 (316,082 
 )  
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
   
   
 11,012 
    
   
   
 (325,199 
 )  
   
   
 174,629 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
   
   
 (102,847 
 )  
   
   
 35,504 
    
   
   
 (216,671 
 )  
 
   Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments Purchased 
   
   
 (3,907,391 
 )  
   
   
 (3,448,738 
 )  
   
   
 (4,368,096 
 )  
 
   Cash Proceeds from Sale of Investments 
   
   
 3,909,637 
    
   
   
 3,022,390 
    
   
   
 4,643,886 
    
 
   Blackstone Funds Related 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments Purchased 
   
   
 (4,029,723 
 )  
   
   
 (7,531,108 
 )  
   
   
 (8,245,313 
 )  
 
   Cash Proceeds from Sale or Pay Down of Investments 
   
   
 6,711,549 
    
   
   
 10,625,790 
    
   
   
 11,024,774 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
   
   
 2,397,043 
    
   
   
 1,654,989 
    
   
   
 3,547,941 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investing Activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
   
   
 (59,247 
 )  
   
   
 (30,271 
 )  
   
   
 (25,637 
 )  
 
   Net Cash Paid for Acquisitions, Net of Cash Acquired 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (146,117 
 )  
 
   Changes in Restricted Cash 
   
   
 5,843 
    
   
   
 5,846 
    
   
   
 5,850 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
   
   
 (53,404 
 )  
   
   
 (24,425 
 )  
   
   
 (165,904 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      158
 
  continued…    See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    (Dollars in Thousands)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year
Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Financing Activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Consolidated Entities 
   
 $ 
 (677,110 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (982,405 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (844,011 
 )  
 
   Contributions from Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 479,678 
    
   
   
 1,560,183 
    
   
   
 1,114,457 
    
 
   Purchase of Interests from Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (43 
 )  
 
   Cash Relinquished in Conjunction with the Spin-Off 
   
   
 (55,412 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Payments Under Tax Receivable Agreement 
   
   
 (84,484 
 )  
   
   
 (86,733 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Common Units and Repurchase of Common and Holdings Units 
   
   
 (61,031 
 )  
   
   
 (36,252 
 )  
   
   
 (24,140 
 )  
 
   Excess Tax Benefits Related to Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 70,318 
    
   
   
 25,646 
    
   
   
 5,769 
    
 
   Proceeds from Loans Payable 
   
   
 675,807 
    
   
   
 491,150 
    
   
   
 11,367 
    
 
   Repayment and Repurchase of Loans Payable 
   
   
 (923 
 )  
   
   
 (8,735 
 )  
   
   
 (16,777 
 )  
 
   Distributions to Unitholders 
   
   
 (3,497,346 
 )  
   
   
 (2,348,596 
 )  
   
   
 (1,469,479 
 )  
 
   Blackstone Funds Related 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from Loans Payable 
   
   
 1,747,807 
    
   
   
 2,144,390 
    
   
   
 53,917 
    
 
   Repayment of Loans Payable 
   
   
 (516,706 
 )  
   
   
 (1,808,549 
 )  
   
   
 (2,090,674 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
   
   
 (1,919,402 
 )  
   
   
 (1,049,907 
 )  
   
   
 (3,259,614 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
   
 615 
    
   
   
 (183 
 )  
   
   
 73 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
   
 424,852 
    
   
   
 580,474 
    
   
   
 122,496 
    
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 
   
   
 1,412,472 
    
   
   
 831,998 
    
   
   
 709,502 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 1,837,324 
    
   
 $ 
 1,412,472 
    
   
 $ 
 831,998 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Payments for Interest 
   
 $ 
 126,167 
    
   
 $ 
 116,296 
    
   
 $ 
 125,361 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Payments for Income Taxes 
   
 $ 
 115,814 
    
   
 $ 
 236,718 
    
   
 $ 
 69,858 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Non-Cash Contributions from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
 $ 
 2,277 
    
   
 $ 
 47,683 
    
   
 $ 
 63,273 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Non-Cash Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
 $ 
 (34 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (60,589 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (18,537 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Assets Associated with the Spin-Off 
   
 $ 
 (311,826 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Activities Related to Capital Transactions of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 $ 
 (295 
 )  
   
 $ 
 16,181 
    
   
 $ 
 (6,029 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Assets Related to the Consolidation of CLO Vehicles 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 8,398 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Assets Related to the Consolidation of Certain Fund Entities 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 354,080 
    
   
 $ 
 659,001 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   In-kind Contribution of Capital 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 2,323 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Notes Issuance Costs 
   
 $ 
 5,269 
    
   
 $ 
 4,375 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Transfer of Interests to Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
 $ 
 (12,272 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,885 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,403 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
 $ 
 92,785 
    
   
 $ 
 9,032 
    
   
 $ 
 (2,519 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Settlement of Vested Common Units 
   
 $ 
 139,941 
    
   
 $ 
 69,426 
    
   
 $ 
 153,522 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Units to Common Units 
   
 $ 
 131,883 
    
   
 $ 
 117,877 
    
   
 $ 
 43,255 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders Deferred Tax Asset 
   
 $ 
 (195,291 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (105,686 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (113,757 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
   
 $ 
 130,264 
    
   
 $ 
 82,704 
    
   
 $ 
 33,177 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 65,027 
    
   
 $ 
 22,982 
    
   
 $ 
 80,580 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Issuance of New Units 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 42,400 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      159
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
 1. 
 ORGANIZATION  
  The Blackstone Group L.P., together with its subsidiaries (“Blackstone” or the “Partnership”), is a
leading global manager of private capital. The alternative asset management business includes the management of private equity funds, real estate funds, real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), funds of hedge funds, hedge funds,
credit-focused funds, collateralized loan obligation (“CLO”) vehicles, collateralized debt obligation (“CDO”) vehicles, separately managed accounts and registered investment companies (collectively referred to as the
“Blackstone Funds”). Blackstone has also historically provided various financial advisory services, including financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory and fund placement services. Blackstone’s
business is organized into four segments: private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions and credit.    On October 1,
2015, Blackstone completed the spin-off of the operations that historically constituted Blackstone’s Financial Advisory segment, other than Blackstone’s capital markets services business. Blackstone’s capital markets services business
was retained and was not part of the spin-off. As of October 1, 2015, Blackstone no longer reported a Financial Advisory segment.    The Partnership was formed as a Delaware limited partnership on March 12, 2007. The Partnership is managed and operated by its general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is in turn
wholly owned and controlled by one of Blackstone’s founders, Stephen A. Schwarzman (the “Founder”), and Blackstone’s other senior managing directors. The activities of the Partnership are conducted through its holding
partnerships: Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (collectively, “Blackstone Holdings”, “Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships” or the “Holding Partnerships”). The Partnership, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is the sole general partner in each of these Holding Partnerships.  
 On October 1, 2015, Blackstone formed a new holding partnership, Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., which holds certain operating entities
and operates in a manner similar to the existing Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.    Generally, holders of the limited partner
interests in the Holding Partnerships may, four times each year, exchange their limited partnership interests (“Partnership Units”) for Blackstone common units, on a one-to-one basis, exchanging one Partnership Unit from each of the
Holding Partnerships for one Blackstone common unit.      

 
 
 2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
  Basis of Presentation    The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Partnership have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).
   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Partnership, its wholly owned or majority-owned
subsidiaries, the consolidated entities which are considered to be variable interest entities and for which the Partnership is considered the primary beneficiary, and certain partnerships or similar entities which are not considered variable
interest entities but in which the general partner is presumed to have control.    All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.    Restructurings within consolidated CLOs are treated as investment purchases or sales,
as applicable, in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  
      160
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Use of Estimates    The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes. Management believes that estimates utilized in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Such estimates include those used in the valuation of investments and financial instruments and
the accounting for Goodwill and equity-based compensation. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material.    Consolidation    The Partnership consolidates all entities that it controls
through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those Blackstone Funds in which the general partner has a controlling financial interest. The Partnership has a controlling interest in Blackstone Holdings because the limited partners do
not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have substantive kick out rights or participating rights that would overcome the presumption of control by the Partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership consolidates Blackstone Holdings and records
non-controlling interests to reflect the economic interests of the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings.    In addition, the
Partnership consolidates all variable interest entities (“VIE”) in which it is the primary beneficiary. An enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial
interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the
entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The consolidation guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which the Partnership holds a variable interest is a VIE and (b) whether the Partnership’s
involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests (for example, management and performance related fees), would give it a controlling financial interest. Performance of that
analysis requires the exercise of judgment.    The Partnership determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the
time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and reconsiders that conclusion continually. In evaluating whether the Partnership is the primary beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its economic interests in the entity held either directly or
indirectly by the Partnership. The consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed.
Investments and redemptions (either by the Partnership, affiliates of the Partnership or third parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of
the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, the Partnership assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.    Assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have
recourse to the general credit of Blackstone are presented in a separate section in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding VIEs are discussed in Note 9. “Variable Interest Entities”.    Revenue Recognition    Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory
fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other.  
      161
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Management and Advisory Fees, Net  — Management and Advisory Fees,
Net are comprised of management fees, including base management fees, transaction and other fees and advisory fees net of management fee reductions and offsets.    The Partnership earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital
or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. Base management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying investment advisory agreements.    Transaction and other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies. The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser
reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the Partnership (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees directly paid to the Partnership by the portfolio
companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.    Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the limited partners of the Blackstone Funds, which are granted based on the amount such limited partners reimburse the Blackstone Funds
for placement fees.    Advisory fees consist of advisory retainer and transaction-based fee arrangements related to financial
and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds. Advisory retainer fees are recognized when services for the transactions are
complete, in accordance with terms set forth in individual agreements. Transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided, (c) fees are fixed
or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured. Fund placement fees are recognized as earned upon the acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments.    Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in Accounts Receivable or Due from Affiliates in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Management fees paid by limited partners to the Blackstone Funds and passed on to Blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.  
 Performance Fees  — Performance Fees earned on the performance of Blackstone’s hedge fund structures
(“Incentive Fees”) are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund’s governing
agreements. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone’s offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Accrued but
unpaid Incentive Fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Incentive Fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. Once realized,
such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.    In certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate
and certain hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds (“Carry Funds”), performance fees (“Carried Interest”) are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to
limited partners. At the end of each reporting period, the Partnership calculates the Carried Interest that would be due to the Partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were
realized as of such date, irrespective of  
      162
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Carried Interest
to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Carried Interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the Partnership to be less than the amount
previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to Carried Interest allocated to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Carried Interest on cumulative results compared to the Carried Interest
recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. The Partnership ceases to record negative Carried Interest allocations once previously recognized Carried Interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. The
Partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Carried Interest over the life of a fund. Accrued but unpaid Carried Interest as of the reporting date is reflected in Investments in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Carried Interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably
disposed of and the fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. Carried Interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the Carried
Interest received to date exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received Carried Interest, which is a component of Due to Affiliates, represents all amounts
previously distributed to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the Blackstone Carry Funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’
investments as of the reporting date. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain funds, including certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class
investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.    Investment Income
(Loss)  — Investment Income (Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the Partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated, its equity method
investments, and other principal investments. Investment Income (Loss) is realized when the Partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the Partnership receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized
Investment Income (Loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.  
 Interest and Dividend Revenue  — Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on
principal investments held by Blackstone.    Other Revenue  — Other Revenue consists of miscellaneous
income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.    Fair Value of
Financial Instruments    GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market
price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the
state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price
observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.    Financial instruments measured and reported at
fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level I — Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the reporting date. The types of financial
instruments in Level I include listed equities, listed derivatives and  
      163
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
   
   
mutual funds with quoted prices. The Partnership does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where Blackstone holds a large position and a sale could reasonably
impact the quoted price.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level II — Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting
date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. Financial instruments which are generally included in this category include corporate bonds and loans, including corporate bonds and loans held within CLO
vehicles, government and agency securities, less liquid and restricted equity securities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. Upon adoption of the new CLO measurement guidance adopted as of
January 1, 2015, senior and subordinated notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level III — Pricing inputs are unobservable for the financial instruments and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity
for the financial instrument. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are included in this category generally include general and limited partnership interests
in private equity and real estate funds, credit-focused funds, distressed debt and non-investment grade residual interests in securitizations, certain corporate bonds and loans held within CLO vehicles, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where
the fair value is based on unobservable inputs. For periods prior to the adoption of new CLO measurement guidance, senior and subordinate notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy.
   In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The
Partnership’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.  
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period.  
 Level II Valuation Techniques    Financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, including certain corporate loans and bonds held by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles,
those held within Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies and debt securities sold, not yet purchased and interests in investment funds. Certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs are also
classified as Level II.    The valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair
value hierarchy are as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Debt Instruments and Equity Securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable
dealers or pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in
comparable investments and various relationships between investments. The valuation of certain equity securities is based on an observable price for an identical security adjusted for the effect of a restriction.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Freestanding Derivatives are valued using contractual cash flows and observable inputs comprising yield curves, foreign currency rates and credit
spreads.  
      164
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Upon adoption of the new CLO measurement guidance adopted January 1, 2015, senior and subordinate notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified
based on the more observable fair value of CLO assets less (a) the fair value of any beneficial interests held by Blackstone, and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services.
   Level III Valuation Techniques    In the absence of observable market prices, Blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. For some investments little market activity may exist;
management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a
combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks. Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity of operating
companies, real estate properties, certain funds of hedge funds and credit-focused investments.    Private Equity
Investments  — The fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), the discounted cash flow method, public
market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are based on unaudited information at the time received. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for
comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company such as EBITDA by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management
for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to
EBITDA or price/earnings exit multiples.    Real Estate Investments  — The fair values of real estate investments are
determined by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs among other measures. The methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method
and/or capitalization rates (“cap rates”) analysis. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or
asset, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference
to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to an exit EBITDA multiple or capitalization rate. Additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash
flow through debt maturity will be considered in support of the investment’s fair value.    Credit-Focused
Investments  — The fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. In some instances, Blackstone may utilize
other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach.    Credit-Focused
Liabilities  — Credit-focused liabilities comprise senior and subordinate loans issued by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles. Such liabilities are valued using a discounted cash flow method. On the adoption of new
accounting guidance as of January 1, 2015 and the application of a permitted measurement alternative, such liabilities are valued based on the more observable fair value of related assets held by CLO vehicles less (a) the fair value of any
beneficial interests held by Blackstone and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interest that represents compensation for services.  
      165
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Level III Valuation Process  
 Investments classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy are valued on a quarterly basis, taking into consideration any changes
in Blackstone’s weighted-average cost of capital assumptions, discounted cash flow projections and exit multiple assumptions, as well as any changes in economic and other relevant conditions, and valuation models are updated accordingly. The
valuation process also includes a review by an independent valuation party, at least annually for all investments, and quarterly for certain investments, to corroborate the values determined by management. The valuations of Blackstone’s
investments are reviewed quarterly by a valuation committee chaired by Blackstone’s Vice Chairman and includes senior heads of each of Blackstone’s businesses, as well as representatives of legal and finance. Each quarter, the valuations
of Blackstone’s investments are also reviewed by the Audit Committee in a meeting attended by the chairman of the valuation committee. The valuations are further tested by comparison to actual sales prices obtained on disposition of the
investments.    Investments, at Fair Value    The Blackstone Funds are accounted for as investment companies under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Auditing Guide,  Investment Companies , and reflect their
investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the “Portfolio Companies”), at fair value. Such consolidated funds’ investments are reflected in Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at
fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Fair value is the amount that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price).    Blackstone’s principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
within Investment Income (Loss).    For certain instruments, the Partnership has elected the fair value option. Such election is
irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition. The Partnership has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables and certain investments in private debt securities that otherwise would not
have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. Accounting for these financial instruments at fair value is consistent with how the Partnership accounts for its other principal investments. Loans extended to third
parties are recorded within Accounts Receivable within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Debt securities for which the fair value option has been elected are recorded within Investments. The methodology for measuring the fair value
of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate, credit-focused and funds of hedge funds investments. Changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and
the amortization of purchase premiums. This interest income is recorded within Interest and Dividend Revenue.    In addition,
the Partnership has elected the fair value option for the assets and liabilities of CLO vehicles that are consolidated as of January 1, 2010, as a result of the initial adoption of variable interest entity consolidation guidance. The
Partnership has also elected the fair value option for CLO vehicles consolidated as a result of the acquisitions of CLO management contracts or the acquisition of the share capital of CLO managers. Historically, the adjustment resulting from the
difference between the fair value of assets and liabilities for each of these events was presented as a transition and acquisition adjustment to Appropriated Partners’ Capital. Assets of the consolidated CLOs are presented within Investments
within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and Liabilities  
      166
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
within Loans Payable for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties and Due to Affiliates for the amounts held by non-consolidated affiliates. Changes in the fair value of consolidated CLO
assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income subsequent to adoption and acquisition are presented within Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. Expenses of consolidated CLO vehicles are presented in Fund
Expenses. Historically, amounts attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities had a corresponding adjustment to Appropriated Partners’ Capital. On the adoption of the new CLO measurement guidance, there is no attribution of
amounts to Non-Controlling Interests and no corresponding adjustments to Appropriated Partners’ Capital.    The Partnership
has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market or using the
discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is presented in Note 7. “Fair Value Option” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 The investments of consolidated Blackstone Funds in funds of hedge funds (“Investee Funds”) are valued at net asset value
(“NAV”) per share of the Investee Fund. In limited circumstances, the Partnership may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, the
Partnership will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of GAAP.    Certain investments of Blackstone and of the consolidated Blackstone funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds measure their investments in underlying funds at fair value using NAV per share without
adjustment. The terms of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution of gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion
of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting date. A side pocket is used by hedge funds and funds of hedge funds to separate investments that may lack a readily
ascertainable value, are illiquid or are subject to liquidity restriction. Redemptions are generally not permitted until the investments within a side pocket are liquidated or it is deemed that the conditions existing at the time that required the
investment to be included in the side pocket no longer exist. As the timing of either of these events is uncertain, the timing at which the Partnership may redeem an investment held in a side pocket cannot be estimated. Further disclosure on
instruments for which fair value is measured using NAV per share is presented in Note 5. “Net Asset Value as Fair Value”.    Security and loan transactions are recorded on a trade date basis.    Equity Method Investments
   Investments in which the Partnership is deemed to exert significant influence, but not control, are accounted for using
the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, the Partnership’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is included in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The
carrying amounts of equity method investments are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. As the underlying investments of the Partnership’s equity method investments in Blackstone Funds are reported at
fair value, the carrying value of the Partnership’s equity method investments approximates fair value.  
      167
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents represents cash on hand, cash held in banks, money market funds and liquid investments with original maturities
of three months or less. Interest income from cash and cash equivalents is recorded in Interest and Dividend Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other    Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and
Other represents cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated Blackstone Funds and other consolidated entities. Such amounts are not available to fund the general liquidity needs of Blackstone.  
 Accounts Receivable  
 Accounts Receivable includes management fees receivable from limited partners, receivables from underlying funds in the fund of hedge
funds business, placement and advisory fees receivables, receivables relating to unsettled sale transactions and loans extended to unaffiliated third parties. Accounts Receivable, excluding those for which the fair value option has been elected, are
assessed periodically for collectibility. Amounts determined to be uncollectible are charged directly to General, Administrative and Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 Intangibles and Goodwill  
 Blackstone’s intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including management and advisory fees,
Incentive Fees and Carried Interest. Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 3 to 20 years, reflecting the contractual lives of such assets. Amortization
expense is included within General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Partnership does not hold any indefinite-lived intangible assets. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.    Goodwill comprises goodwill arising from the
contribution and reorganization of the Partnership’s predecessor entities in 2007 immediately prior to its IPO, the acquisition of GSO in 2008 and the acquisition of Strategic Partners in 2013. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least
annually utilizing a qualitative or quantitative approach, and more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The impairment testing for goodwill under the qualitative approach is based first on a qualitative assessment to
determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of Blackstone’s operating segments is less than their respective carrying values. The operating segment is the reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill. If it is
determined that it is more likely than not that an operating segment’s fair value is less than its carrying value or when the quantitative approach is used, a two-step quantitative assessment is performed to (a) calculate the fair value of
the operating segment and compare it to its carrying value, and (b) if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, to measure an impairment loss.    Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements    Furniture, equipment and
leasehold improvements consist primarily of leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, computer hardware and software and are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are
calculated using the straight-line method over the assets’ estimated  
      168
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
useful economic lives, which for leasehold improvements are the lesser of the lease terms or the life of the asset, generally ten to fifteen years, and three to seven years for other fixed
assets. The Partnership evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.    Foreign Currency    In the normal course of business, the Partnership may
enter into transactions not denominated in United States dollars. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising on such transactions are recorded as Other Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign currency transaction gains and
losses arising within consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. In addition, the Partnership consolidates a number of entities that have a non-U.S. dollar functional currency. Non-U.S. dollar
denominated assets and liabilities are translated to U.S. dollars at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date and income, expenses, gains and losses are translated at the prevailing exchange rate on the dates that they were recorded.
Cumulative translation adjustments arising from the translation of non-U.S. dollar denominated operations are recorded in Other Comprehensive Income and allocated to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities, as applicable.  
 Comprehensive Incom e     Comprehensive Income consists of Net Income and Other Comprehensive Income. The Partnership’s Other Comprehensive Income is comprised of foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments.
   Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities    Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities represent the component of Partners’ Capital in consolidated Blackstone Funds held by third party investors and employees. The percentage interests
held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during the reporting period. In addition, all non-controlling
interests in consolidated Blackstone Funds are attributed a share of income (loss) arising from the respective funds and a share of other comprehensive income, if applicable. Income (Loss) is allocated to non-controlling interests in consolidated
entities based on the relative ownership interests of third party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P.  
 Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities    Non-controlling interests related to funds of hedge funds and certain other credit-focused funds are subject to annual, semi-annual or quarterly redemption by investors in these funds following the
expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee in the funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds during the period when capital may not be withdrawn. As limited partners in these types of funds
have been granted redemption rights, amounts relating to third party interests in such consolidated funds are presented as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. When
redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. For all consolidated funds in
which redemption rights have not been granted, non-controlling interests are presented within Partners’ Capital in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities.  
      169
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings  
 Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings represent the component of Partners’ Capital in the consolidated Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.  
 Certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the Holdings Partnerships. Income (Loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and
attributable to the Holdings Partnerships, is attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings. This residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone
personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.    Compensation and Benefits  
 Compensation and Benefits  — Compensation  —  Compensation and Benefits consists of
(a) employee compensation, comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior
managing directors. Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the
vesting period on a straight-line basis, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet specified criteria making them
eligible for retirement treatment (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from Blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the
event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. Cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.  
 Compensation and Benefits — Performance Fee —  Performance Fee Compensation consists of Carried Interest (which may
be distributed in cash or in-kind) and Incentive Fee allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain
profit sharing initiatives. Such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Unlike Carried Interest and Incentive Fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather
than on a fund by fund basis. Compensation received from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.    Other Income    Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations include net realized gains (losses) from realizations and sales of investments, the net change in unrealized gains (losses) resulting from changes in the fair value of investments and interest income and expense
and dividends attributable to the consolidated Blackstone Funds’ investments.    Expenses incurred by consolidated
Blackstone funds are separately presented within Fund Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Other Income
also includes amounts attributable to the Reversal of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability. See Note 14. “Income Taxes — Other Income — Reversal of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability” for additional information.
 
      170
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Income Taxes    The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain of their subsidiaries operate in the U.S. as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally as corporate entities in non-U.S.
jurisdictions. Accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to New York City unincorporated business taxes or non-U.S. income taxes. In addition, certain of the wholly owned subsidiaries of the Partnership and the Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships will be subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax provision attributable to the Partnership’s share of this income tax is reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
   Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method of accounting. Under this method, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse. The effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Current and deferred tax liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.  
 Blackstone uses the flow-through method to account for investment tax credits. Under this method, the investment tax credits are
recognized as a reduction to income tax expense.    Blackstone analyzes its tax filing positions in all of the U.S. federal,
state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. Blackstone records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process:
(a) determination is made whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (b) those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recognized as
the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. Blackstone recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in General,
Administrative, and Other expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit  
 Basic Income (Loss) Per Common Unit is calculated by dividing Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. by the
weighted-average number of common units and unvested participating common units outstanding for the period. Diluted Income (Loss) Per Common Unit reflects the assumed conversion of all dilutive securities. Diluted Income (Loss) Per Common Unit
excludes the anti-dilutive effect of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted common units, as applicable.    Repurchase
and Reverse Repurchase Agreements    Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repurchase
agreements”) and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”), comprised primarily of U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency securities, asset-backed securities and corporate debt, represent collateralized
financing transactions. Such transactions are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at their contractual amounts and include accrued interest. The carrying value of repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements approximates
fair value.    The Partnership manages credit exposure arising from reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements by,
in appropriate circumstances, entering into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties that provide the Partnership, in the event of a counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a
counterparty’s rights and obligations.  
      171
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The Partnership takes possession of securities purchased under reverse repurchase
agreements and is permitted to repledge, deliver or otherwise use such securities. The Partnership also pledges its financial instruments to counterparties to collateralize repurchase agreements. Financial instruments pledged that can be repledged,
delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty are recorded in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements are discussed in Note 10.
“Reverse Repurchase and Repurchase Agreements”.    Blackstone does not offset assets and liabilities relating to
reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to offsetting are discussed in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities”.  
 Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased    Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased consist of equity and debt securities that the Partnership has borrowed and sold. The Partnership is required to “cover” its short sale in the future by
purchasing the security at prevailing market prices and delivering it to the counterparty from which it borrowed the security. The Partnership is exposed to loss in the event that the price at which a security may have to be purchased to cover a
short sale exceeds the price at which the borrowed security was sold short.    Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased are recorded
at fair value in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Derivative Instruments  
 The Partnership recognizes all derivatives as assets or liabilities on its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value.
On the date the Partnership enters into a derivative contract, it designates and documents each derivative contract as one of the following: (a) a hedge of a recognized asset or liability (“fair value hedge”), (b) a hedge of a
forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability (“cash flow hedge”), (c) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, or (d) a derivative
instrument not designated as a hedging instrument (“freestanding derivative”). For a fair value hedge, Blackstone records changes in the fair value of the derivative and, to the extent that it is highly effective, changes in the fair value
of the hedged asset or liability attributable to the hedged risk, in current period earnings in General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as hedging
instruments caused by factors other than changes in the risk being hedged, which are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, are recognized in current period earnings. Gains or losses on a derivative instrument that is designated as,
and is effective as, an economic hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation are reported in the cumulative translation adjustment section of other comprehensive income to the extent it is effective as a hedge. The ineffective portion of a net
investment hedge is recognized in current period earnings.    The Partnership formally documents at inception its hedge
relationships, including identification of the hedging instruments and the hedged items, its risk management objectives, strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction and the Partnership’s evaluation of effectiveness of its hedged transaction.
At least monthly, the Partnership also formally assesses whether the derivative it designated in each hedging relationship is expected to be, and has been, highly effective in offsetting changes in estimated fair values or cash flows of the hedged
items using either the regression analysis or the dollar offset method. For net investment hedges, the Partnership uses a method based on changes in spot rates to measure effectiveness. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective
at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is discontinued. The Partnership may also at any time remove a designation of a fair value hedge. The fair values of hedging derivative instruments are reflected within Other Assets in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.  
      172
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  For freestanding derivative contracts, the Partnership presents changes in fair value in
current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments held by consolidated Blackstone Funds are reflected in Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities or, where derivative instruments are held by the Partnership,
within Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of freestanding derivative assets are recorded within Investments and freestanding derivative liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued
Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    The Partnership has elected to not
offset derivative assets and liabilities or financial assets in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, including cash, that may be received or paid as part of collateral arrangements, even when an enforceable master netting agreement is
in place that provides the Partnership, in the event of counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations.  
 Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 6. “Derivative Financial
Instruments”.    Blackstone’s disclosures regarding offsetting are discussed in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets
and Liabilities”.    Affiliates    Blackstone considers its Founder, senior managing directors, employees, the Blackstone Funds and the Portfolio Companies to be affiliates.    Distributions    Distributions are reflected in the consolidated financial
statements when declared.    Recent Accounting Developments    In June 2014, the FASB issued amended guidance on revenue from contracts with customers. The guidance requires that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. An entity is required to (a) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (b) identify the
performance obligations in the contract, (c) determine the transaction price, (d) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (e) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance
obligation. In determining the transaction price, an entity may include variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized would not occur when the uncertainty
associated with the variable consideration is resolved.    The guidance introduces new qualitative and quantitative disclosure
requirements about contracts with customers including revenue and impairments recognized, disaggregation of revenue and information about contract balances and performance obligations. Information is required about significant judgments and changes
in judgments in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance obligations. Additional disclosures are required about assets recognized from the costs to
obtain or fulfill a contract.    The amended guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
including interim periods within those annual periods. The guidance may have a material impact on Blackstone’s consolidated financial statements if it is determined that both performance fees and carried interest are forms of variable
consideration that may not be included in the transaction price. This may significantly delay the recognition of carried interest income and performance fees.  
      173
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  In August 2015, the FASB issued new guidance deferring the effective date of the new
revenue recognition standard by one year. The new guidance should be applied for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  
 In June 2014, the FASB issued amended guidance on transfers and servicing. Under the amended guidance, repurchase transactions previously
accounted for as sales should be accounted for as secured borrowings. There are additional disclosures relating to repurchase agreements, secured lending transactions and repurchase-to-maturity transactions that are accounted for as secured
borrowings including a disaggregation of the gross obligations by the class of collateral pledged, the remaining contractual tenor of the agreements and a discussion of the potential risks associated with the agreements and the related collateral
pledged.    The accounting guidance is effective for the first interim or annual period beginning after December 15, 2014.
Adoption did not have a material impact on Blackstone’s financial statements. The amended disclosure guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and for interim periods beginning after March 15, 2015.
The amended disclosure requirements are presented in Note 10. “Reverse Repurchase and Repurchase Agreements”. Adoption did not have a material impact on Blackstone’s financial statements.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued amended guidance on the measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities of a consolidated
collateralized financing entity. Under the amended guidance, a reporting entity that consolidates a collateralized financing entity may elect to measure the financial assets and the financial liabilities using the more observable of the fair value
of the financial assets and the fair value of the financial liabilities. When this measurement alternative is elected, a reporting entity’s consolidated net income (loss) should reflect the reporting entity’s own economic interest in the
collateralized financing entity, including (a) changes in the fair value of the beneficial interests retained by the reporting entity and (b) beneficial interests that represent compensation for services. The guidance is effective for
annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of the annual period. The Partnership adopted the amended guidance for the quarter ended
June 30, 2015 and applied a modified retrospective approach as of January 1, 2015. As a result, prior periods have not been impacted. The guidance impacted the measurement of the financial liabilities of Blackstone’s consolidated
CLOs. Adoption did not have a material impact on Blackstone’s financial statements.    In February 2015, the FASB issued
amended guidance on consolidation. The amended guidance modifies the analysis that companies must perform in order to determine whether a legal entity should be consolidated. The amended guidance simplifies current consolidation rules by
(a) reducing the number of consolidation models, (b) eliminating the risk that a reporting entity may have to consolidate a legal entity solely based on a fee arrangement with another legal entity, (c) placing more weight on the risk
of loss in order to identify the party that has a controlling financial interest, (d) reducing the number of instances that related party guidance needs to be applied when determining the party that has a controlling financial interest, and
changing rules for companies in certain industries that ordinarily employ limited partnership or VIE structures. The amended guidance is effective for public entities for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early
adoption, including adoption in an interim period, is permitted. The Partnership adopted the guidance for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and applied a modified retrospective approach as of January 1, 2015. As a result, prior periods have
not been impacted. As a result of adoption, certain Blackstone Funds were deconsolidated as of January 1, 2015 resulting in a reduction in consolidated assets and liabilities as of January 1, 2015 of $8.0 billion and $4.7 billion,
respectively. The impact of adoption on Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities, Appropriated Partners’ Capital, and Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities as of January 1, 2015 was a reduction of
$2.3 billion, $90.9 million and $1.0 billion, respectively. The cash flow impact of the adoption of the amended guidance was $442.4 million as of January 1, 2015 and is reflected as Cash Relinquished with Deconsolidation and Liquidation of
Partnership in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Adoption of the amended guidance had no impact on Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P.  
      174
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  In April 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance to simplify the presentation of debt
issuance costs. The amendments require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability rather than as an Other Asset, consistent
with debt discounts. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not previously been issued. The
Partnership adopted the guidance as of June 30, 2015 and applied the guidance retrospectively. Adoption of the amended guidance did not have a material impact on Blackstone’s financial statements.  
 In August 2015, the FASB issued clarifying guidance on the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with
the line of credit arrangements. An entity may defer and present debt issuance costs as assets and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any
outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The guidance is effective immediately. Adoption of the guidance did not have a material impact on Blackstone’s consolidated financial statements.  
 In May 2015, the FASB issued amended guidance on the disclosures for investments in certain entities that calculate NAV per share (or its
equivalent). The amendments remove the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the NAV per share practical expedient. The amendments also remove the requirement to make certain
disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the NAV per share practical expedient. Rather, those disclosures are limited to investments for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value using that
practical expedient.    The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and for interim
periods within those years. Early application is permitted. Blackstone adopted the guidance for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and applied the guidance retrospectively. Adoption of the guidance did not have a material impact on
Blackstone’s financial statements.      

 
 
 3. 
 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
  The carrying value of goodwill was $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
At October 1, 2015, the entire goodwill balance of $68.9 million attributable to the Financial Advisory segment was transferred to PJT Partners Inc. at the spin-off. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Partnership determined there was no
evidence of Goodwill impairment.    At December 31, 2015, goodwill has been allocated to each of the Partnership’s
four segments as follows: Private Equity ($778.3 million), Real Estate ($421.7 million), Hedge Fund Solutions ($172.1 million), and Credit ($346.4 million). At December 31, 2014, goodwill has been allocated to each of the Partnership’s
historical segments as follows: Private Equity ($778.3 million), Real Estate ($421.7 million), Hedge Fund Solutions ($172.1 million), Credit ($346.4 million), and Financial Advisory ($68.9 million).  
 Intangible Assets, Net consists of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Finite-Lived Intangible Assets / Contractual Rights 
    
 $ 
 1,424,226 
    
    
 $ 
 1,464,017 
    
 
   Accumulated Amortization 
    
   
 (1,078,679 
 )  
    
   
 (1,005,184 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
 $ 
 345,547 
    
    
 $ 
 458,833 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      175
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Changes in the Partnership’s Intangible Assets, Net consists of the following:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Balance, Beginning of Year 
    
 $ 
 458,833 
    
    
 $ 
 560,748 
    
    
 $ 
 598,535 
    
 
   Amortization Expense 
    
   
 (101,437 
 )  
    
   
 (101,915 
 )  
    
   
 (95,671 
 )  
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 57,884 
    
 
   Intangibles Transferred to PJT Partners Inc. at Spin-Off 
    
   
 (11,849 
 )  
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Year 
    
 $ 
 345,547 
    
    
 $ 
 458,833 
    
    
 $ 
 560,748 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Amortization of Intangible Assets held at December 31, 2015 is expected to be $82.9 million, $43.9
million, $43.8 million, $43.8 million, and $43.8 million for each of the years ending December 31, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively. Blackstone’s intangible assets as of December 31, 2015 are expected to amortize over a
weighted-average period of 6.4 years.      

 
 
 4. 
 INVESTMENTS  
  Investments consist of the following:      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
 $ 
 4,613,944 
    
    
 $ 
 11,375,407 
    
 
   Equity Method Investments 
    
   
 3,110,810 
    
    
   
 3,240,825 
    
 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
    
   
 1,682,259 
    
    
   
 1,666,061 
    
 
   Performance Fees 
    
   
 4,757,932 
    
    
   
 6,337,045 
    
 
   Other Investments 
    
   
 159,152 
    
    
   
 146,251 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 14,324,097 
    
    
 $ 
 22,765,589 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Blackstone’s share of Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds totaled $451.9 million and $704.9
million at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.    Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds  
 The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on investments held by the consolidated Blackstone
Funds and a reconciliation to Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Realized Gains 
    
 $ 
 223,078 
    
   
 $ 
 143,194 
    
   
 $ 
 205,741 
    
 
   Net Change in Unrealized (Losses) 
    
   
 (161,398 
 )  
   
   
 (20,127 
 )  
   
   
 (26,800 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains from Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 61,680 
    
   
   
 123,067 
    
   
   
 178,941 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue Attributable to Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 114,684 
    
   
   
 234,787 
    
   
   
 202,723 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income — Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
    
 $ 
 176,364 
    
   
 $ 
 357,854 
    
   
 $ 
 381,664 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      176
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Equity Method Investments  
 Blackstone’s equity method investments include its investments in private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds and
credit-focused funds and other proprietary investments, which are not consolidated but in which the Partnership exerts significant influence.    Blackstone evaluates each of its equity method investments to determine if any were significant as defined by guidance from the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. As of and for the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, no individual equity method investment held by Blackstone met the significance criteria. As such, Blackstone is not required to present separate financial statements for any of its equity method
investments.    Blackstone holds a 40% non-controlling equity interest in Pátria Investments Limited and Pátria
Investimentos Ltda. (collectively, “Pátria”) and accounts for this interest using the equity method of accounting.    The Partnership recognized net gains related to its equity method investments of $82.2 million, $297.9 million and $591.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
   The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity method investments for December 31, 2015 are as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2015 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Private 
   
   
 Real 
   
   
 Hedge Fund 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
 Estate 
   
   
 Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 48,210,598 
    
   
 $ 
 61,971,919 
    
   
 $ 
 21,858,491 
    
   
 $ 
 16,136,543 
    
   
 $ 
 11,577 
    
   
 $ 
 148,189,128 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 1,041,591 
    
   
   
 6,210,557 
    
   
   
 1,927,535 
    
   
   
 1,174,601 
    
   
   
 53,825 
    
   
   
 10,408,109 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 49,252,189 
    
   
 $ 
 68,182,476 
    
   
 $ 
 23,786,026 
    
   
 $ 
 17,311,144 
    
   
 $ 
 65,402 
    
   
 $ 
 158,597,237 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 2,178,261 
    
   
 $ 
 5,562,806 
    
   
 $ 
 275,068 
    
   
 $ 
 2,086,670 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 10,102,805 
    
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 1,315,572 
    
   
   
 1,573,370 
    
   
   
 1,462,072 
    
   
   
 956,305 
    
   
   
 52,269 
    
   
   
 5,359,588 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 3,493,833 
    
   
   
 7,136,176 
    
   
   
 1,737,140 
    
   
   
 3,042,975 
    
   
   
 52,269 
    
   
   
 15,462,393 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 45,758,356 
    
   
   
 61,046,300 
    
   
   
 22,048,886 
    
   
   
 14,268,169 
    
   
   
 13,133 
    
   
   
 143,134,844 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 49,252,189 
    
   
 $ 
 68,182,476 
    
   
 $ 
 23,786,026 
    
   
 $ 
 17,311,144 
    
   
 $ 
 65,402 
    
   
 $ 
 158,597,237 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 384,174 
    
   
 $ 
 361,249 
    
   
 $ 
 170 
    
   
 $ 
 533,591 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,279,184 
    
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 8,506 
    
   
   
 1,313,956 
    
   
   
 35,112 
    
   
   
 49,042 
    
   
   
 84,975 
    
   
   
 1,491,591 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (33,416 
 )  
   
   
 (91,985 
 )  
   
   
 (3,228 
 )  
   
   
 (61,971 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (190,600 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (278,911 
 )  
   
   
 (355,617 
 )  
   
   
 (125,393 
 )  
   
   
 (167,385 
 )  
   
   
 (45,203 
 )  
   
   
 (972,509 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain from Investments 
   
   
 3,272,934 
    
   
   
 3,740,127 
    
   
   
 449,930 
    
   
   
 (954,692 
 )  
   
   
 17,778 
    
   
   
 6,526,077 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 3,353,287 
    
   
 $ 
 4,967,730 
    
   
 $ 
 356,591 
    
   
 $ 
 (601,415 
 )  
   
 $ 
 57,550 
    
   
 $ 
 8,133,743 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been allocated across more than
one of Blackstone’s segments.  
      177
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity method investments
for December 31, 2014 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2014 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Private 
   
   
 Real 
   
   
 Hedge Fund 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
 Estate 
   
   
 Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 43,005,350 
    
   
 $ 
 59,117,360 
    
   
 $ 
 15,947,483 
    
   
 $ 
 14,611,539 
    
   
 $ 
 19,594 
    
   
 $ 
 132,701,326 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 667,131 
    
   
   
 3,213,450 
    
   
   
 1,411,406 
    
   
   
 1,751,967 
    
   
   
 53,551 
    
   
   
 7,097,505 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 43,672,481 
    
   
 $ 
 62,330,810 
    
   
 $ 
 17,358,889 
    
   
 $ 
 16,363,506 
    
   
 $ 
 73,145 
    
   
 $ 
 139,798,831 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 836,667 
    
   
 $ 
 3,645,998 
    
   
 $ 
 20,550 
    
   
 $ 
 1,254,774 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,757,989 
    
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 100,362 
    
   
   
 617,101 
    
   
   
 919,013 
    
   
   
 827,469 
    
   
   
 24,937 
    
   
   
 2,488,892 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 937,029 
    
   
   
 4,263,099 
    
   
   
 939,563 
    
   
   
 2,082,243 
    
   
   
 24,937 
    
   
   
 8,246,871 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 42,735,452 
    
   
   
 58,067,711 
    
   
   
 16,419,326 
    
   
   
 14,281,263 
    
   
   
 48,208 
    
   
   
 131,551,960 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 43,672,481 
    
   
 $ 
 62,330,810 
    
   
 $ 
 17,358,889 
    
   
 $ 
 16,363,506 
    
   
 $ 
 73,145 
    
   
 $ 
 139,798,831 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 406,255 
    
   
 $ 
 260,683 
    
   
 $ 
 483 
    
   
 $ 
 567,008 
    
   
 $ 
 1 
    
   
 $ 
 1,234,430 
    
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 21,305 
    
   
   
 1,030,685 
    
   
   
 125,441 
    
   
   
 52,207 
    
   
   
 118,835 
    
   
   
 1,348,473 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (61,855 
 )  
   
   
 (89,842 
 )  
   
   
 (271 
 )  
   
   
 (86,957 
 )  
   
   
 (153 
 )  
   
   
 (239,078 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (97,073 
 )  
   
   
 (249,095 
 )  
   
   
 (103,787 
 )  
   
   
 (177,968 
 )  
   
   
 (71,297 
 )  
   
   
 (699,220 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain from Investments 
   
   
 8,567,193 
    
   
   
 10,441,009 
    
   
   
 547,982 
    
   
   
 643,080 
    
   
   
 3,263 
    
   
   
 20,202,527 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 8,835,825 
    
   
 $ 
 11,393,440 
    
   
 $ 
 569,848 
    
   
 $ 
 997,370 
    
   
 $ 
 50,649 
    
   
 $ 
 21,847,132 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been allocated across more than
one of Blackstone’s segments.  
      178
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity method investments
for December 31, 2013 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Private 
   
   
 Real 
   
   
 Hedge Fund 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Equity 
   
   
 Estate 
   
   
 Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 35,516,755 
    
   
 $ 
 57,053,881 
    
   
 $ 
 11,529,163 
    
   
 $ 
 12,150,918 
    
   
 $ 
 26,839 
    
   
 $ 
 116,277,556 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 389,265 
    
   
   
 3,441,977 
    
   
   
 1,114,404 
    
   
   
 2,678,742 
    
   
   
 128,826 
    
   
   
 7,753,214 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 35,906,020 
    
   
 $ 
 60,495,858 
    
   
 $ 
 12,643,567 
    
   
 $ 
 14,829,660 
    
   
 $ 
 155,665 
    
   
 $ 
 124,030,770 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 1,691,018 
    
   
 $ 
 3,013,762 
    
   
 $ 
 63,830 
    
   
 $ 
 1,165,405 
    
   
 $ 
 967 
    
   
 $ 
 5,934,982 
    
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 54,909 
    
   
   
 886,445 
    
   
   
 689,964 
    
   
   
 1,131,557 
    
   
   
 14,222 
    
   
   
 2,777,097 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 1,745,927 
    
   
   
 3,900,207 
    
   
   
 753,794 
    
   
   
 2,296,962 
    
   
   
 15,189 
    
   
   
 8,712,079 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 34,160,093 
    
   
   
 56,595,651 
    
   
   
 11,889,773 
    
   
   
 12,532,698 
    
   
   
 140,476 
    
   
   
 115,318,691 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 35,906,020 
    
   
 $ 
 60,495,858 
    
   
 $ 
 12,643,567 
    
   
 $ 
 14,829,660 
    
   
 $ 
 155,665 
    
   
 $ 
 124,030,770 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 294,171 
    
   
 $ 
 140,879 
    
   
 $ 
 224 
    
   
 $ 
 630,902 
    
   
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 1,066,180 
    
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 10,580 
    
   
   
 752,184 
    
   
   
 89,632 
    
   
   
 30,937 
    
   
   
 101,214 
    
   
   
 984,547 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (37,846 
 )  
   
   
 (51,544 
 )  
   
   
 (310 
 )  
   
   
 (68,973 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (158,673 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (88,957 
 )  
   
   
 (108,580 
 )  
   
   
 (71,326 
 )  
   
   
 (105,706 
 )  
   
   
 (65,197 
 )  
   
   
 (439,766 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain from Investments 
   
   
 9,002,197 
    
   
   
 13,225,141 
    
   
   
 1,127,173 
    
   
   
 1,979,078 
    
   
   
 2,944 
    
   
   
 25,336,533 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 9,180,145 
    
   
 $ 
 13,958,080 
    
   
 $ 
 1,145,393 
    
   
 $ 
 2,466,238 
    
   
 $ 
 38,965 
    
   
 $ 
 26,788,821 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been allocated across more than
one of Blackstone’s segments.    Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies  
 The portion of Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies included in Investments represents the Partnership’s liquid
investments in government, other investment and non-investment grade securities and other investments. These strategies are primarily managed by third party institutions. The following table presents the realized and net change in unrealized gains
(losses) on investments held by Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Realized Gains (Losses) 
    
 $ 
 (15,525 
 )  
    
 $ 
 11,689 
    
    
 $ 
 (5,793 
 )  
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
    
   
 (35,709 
 )  
    
   
 2,002 
    
    
   
 (9,342 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (51,234 
 )  
    
 $ 
 13,691 
    
    
 $ 
 (15,135 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      179
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Performance Fees    Performance Fees allocated to the general partner in respect of performance of certain Carry Funds, funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Performance Fees, December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 2,215,584 
    
   
 $ 
 3,721,751 
    
   
 $ 
 15,031 
    
   
 $ 
 384,679 
    
   
 $ 
 6,337,045 
    
 
   Performance Fees Allocated as a Result of Changes in Fund Fair Values 
    
   
 757,001 
    
   
   
 1,026,731 
    
   
   
 27,916 
    
   
   
 (102,286 
 )  
   
   
 1,709,362 
    
 
   Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48,363 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48,363 
 )  
 
   Fund Distributions 
    
   
 (1,493,142 
 )  
   
   
 (1,598,431 
 )  
   
   
 (33,200 
 )  
   
   
 (115,339 
 )  
   
   
 (3,240,112 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees, December 31, 2015 
    
 $ 
 1,479,443 
    
   
 $ 
 3,101,688 
    
   
 $ 
 9,747 
    
   
 $ 
 167,054 
    
   
 $ 
 4,757,932 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Other Investments    Other Investments consist primarily of proprietary investment securities held by Blackstone. The following table presents Blackstone’s realized and net change in unrealized gains (losses) in other
investments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Realized Gains 
    
 $ 
 80 
    
    
 $ 
 5,082 
    
    
 $ 
 13,468 
    
 
   Net Change in Unrealized (Losses) 
    
   
 (4,079 
 )  
    
   
 (6,309 
 )  
    
   
 (6,758 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (3,999 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (1,227 
 )  
    
 $ 
 6,710 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 5. 
 NET ASSET VALUE AS FAIR VALUE  
  A summary of fair value by strategy type alongside the remaining unfunded commitments and ability to redeem such
investments as of December 31, 2015 is presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Strategy 
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unfunded Commitments 
   
    
 Redemption Frequency (if currently eligible) 
   
   
 Redemption Notice Period 
   


 
   Diversified Instruments 
    
 $ 
 157,837 
    
    
 $ 
 148 
    
    
   
 (a 
 )  
   
   
 (a 
 )  
 
   Credit Driven 
    
   
 265,735 
    
    
   
 268 
    
    
   
 (b 
 )  
   
   
 (b 
 )  
 
   Event Driven 
    
   
 64,513 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (c 
 )  
   
   
 (c 
 )  
 
   Equity 
    
   
 252 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (d 
 )  
   
   
 (d 
 )  
 
   Commodities 
    
   
 2,105 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (e 
 )  
   
   
 (e 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 490,442 
    
    
 $ 
 416 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Diversified Instruments include investments in funds that invest across multiple strategies. Investments representing 4% of the fair value of the investments in this
category may not be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date. The remaining 96% of investments in this category are redeemable as of the reporting date.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The Credit Driven category includes investments in hedge funds that invest primarily in domestic and international bonds. Investments representing 34%
of the fair value of the investments in this category may not  
      180
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
   
 
be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date. Investments representing 63% of the fair value of the investments in this category are redeemable as of the reporting date.
Investments representing 3% of the total fair value in the credit driven category are subject to redemption restrictions such as the investee fund manager’s ability to limit the amount of redemptions.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The Event Driven category includes investments in hedge funds whose primary investing strategy is to identify certain event-driven investments. Withdrawals are
generally not permitted for the investments in this category. Distributions will be received as the underlying investments are liquidated.  
 
 
 (d) 
 The Equity category includes investments in hedge funds that invest primarily in domestic and international equity securities. Withdrawals are generally not permitted
for the investments in this category. Distributions will be received as the underlying investments are liquidated.  
 
 
 (e) 
 The Commodities category includes investments in commodities-focused funds that primarily invest in futures and physical-based commodity driven strategies. Withdrawals
are generally not permitted for the investments in this category. Distributions will be received as the underlying investments are liquidated.      

 
 
 6. 
 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
  Blackstone and the Blackstone Funds enter into derivative contracts in the normal course of business to achieve certain
risk management objectives and for general investment purposes. Blackstone may enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge its interest rate risk exposure against the effects of interest rate changes. Additionally, Blackstone may also enter
into derivative contracts in order to hedge its foreign currency risk exposure against the effects of a portion of its non-U.S. dollar denominated currency net investments. As a result of the use of derivative contracts, Blackstone and the
consolidated Blackstone Funds are exposed to the risk that counterparties will fail to fulfill their contractual obligations. To mitigate such counterparty risk, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds enter into contracts with certain
major financial institutions, all of which have investment grade ratings. Counterparty credit risk is evaluated in determining the fair value of derivative instruments.    Net Investment Hedges    To manage the potential exposure from adverse
changes in currency exchange rates arising from Blackstone’s net investment in foreign operations, during December 2014, Blackstone entered into several foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of the net investment in
Blackstone’s non-U.S. dollar denominated foreign operations.    Blackstone uses foreign currency forward contracts to hedge
portions of Blackstone’s net investments in foreign operations. The gains and losses due to change in fair value attributable to changes in spot exchange rates on foreign currency derivatives designated as net investment hedges were recognized
in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax — Currency Translation Adjustment. For the year ended December 31, 2015 the resulting gain was $6.7 million.    Freestanding Derivatives    Freestanding derivatives are instruments that
Blackstone and certain of the consolidated Blackstone Funds have entered into as part of their overall risk management and investment strategies. These derivative contracts are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Such
contracts may include interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts, equity swaps, options, futures and other derivative contracts.    In June 2012, Blackstone removed the fair value hedge designation of its interest rate swaps that were previously used to hedge a portion of the interest rate risk on the Partnership’s fixed rate
borrowings. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps subsequent to the date of de-designation are reflected within Freestanding Derivatives within Interest Rate Contracts in the table below.  
      181
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The table below summarizes the aggregate notional amount and fair value of the
derivative financial instruments. The notional amount represents the absolute value amount of all outstanding derivative contracts.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2015 
   
   
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
   
 Assets 
   
   
 Liabilities 
   
   
 Assets 
   
   
 Liabilities 
   
 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Net Investment Hedges 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
 $ 
 53,627 
    
   
 $ 
 319 
    
   
 $ 
 138 
    
   
 $ 
 1 
    
   
 $ 
 62,078 
    
   
 $ 
 523 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Blackstone — Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 1,681,533 
    
   
   
 2,212 
    
   
   
 1,054,465 
    
   
   
 4,288 
    
   
   
 223,886 
    
   
   
 407 
    
   
   
 879,412 
    
   
   
 4,590 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 158,684 
    
   
   
 2,088 
    
   
   
 271,891 
    
   
   
 2,042 
    
   
   
 192,163 
    
   
   
 2,798 
    
   
   
 148,873 
    
   
   
 681 
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,250 
    
   
   
 2,411 
    
   
   
 19,500 
    
   
   
 85 
    
   
   
 56,000 
    
   
   
 868 
    
 
   Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 124,595 
    
   
   
 1,400 
    
   
   
 92,094 
    
   
   
 6,490 
    
   
   
 199,364 
    
   
   
 8,915 
    
   
   
 250,244 
    
   
   
 21,875 
    
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,659 
    
   
   
 2,281 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 108,786 
    
   
   
 6,275 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 91,372 
    
   
   
 2,514 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 1,964,812 
    
   
   
 5,700 
    
   
   
 1,546,486 
    
   
   
 21,506 
    
   
   
 657,572 
    
   
   
 14,486 
    
   
   
 1,425,901 
    
   
   
 30,528 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 2,018,439 
    
   
 $ 
 6,019 
    
   
 $ 
 1,546,624 
    
   
 $ 
 21,507 
    
   
 $ 
 719,650 
    
   
 $ 
 15,009 
    
   
 $ 
 1,425,901 
    
   
 $ 
 30,528 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The table below summarizes the impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations from derivative
financial instruments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net Investment Hedges — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Hedge Ineffectiveness 
    
 $ 
 283 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized Gains (Losses) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
 $ 
 (8,716 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,012 
 )  
   
 $ 
 34,206 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 12,828 
    
   
   
 8,251 
    
   
   
 4,022 
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 2,336 
    
   
   
 1,363 
    
   
   
 752 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 6,448 
    
   
 $ 
 8,602 
    
   
 $ 
 38,980 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
 $ 
 3,933 
    
   
 $ 
 (7,757 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,947 
 )  
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 (7,930 
 )  
   
   
 (31,728 
 )  
   
   
 2,636 
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 (7,518 
 )  
   
   
 5,193 
    
   
   
 392 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (11,515 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (34,292 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,081 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      182
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Since the inception of the above mentioned fair value hedge designation, Blackstone
recognized a $64.2 million increase in the fair value of the hedged borrowing. This basis adjustment is being accreted using the effective interest method through August 15, 2019, the remaining term of the hedged borrowing.  
 As of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Partnership had not designated any derivatives as cash flow hedges.  
   

 
 
 7. 
 FAIR VALUE OPTION  
  The following table summarizes the financial instruments for which the fair value option has been elected:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
 $ 
 261,994 
    
    
 $ 
 40,397 
    
 
   Debt Securities 
    
   
 15,176 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity and Preferred Securities 
    
   
 280,879 
    
    
   
 102,907 
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 3,087,563 
    
    
   
 6,279,592 
    
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 379,000 
    
    
   
 292,690 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 44,513 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 4,024,612 
    
    
 $ 
 6,760,099 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 3,225,064 
    
    
 $ 
 6,448,352 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 98,371 
    
    
   
 348,752 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,323,435 
    
    
 $ 
 6,797,104 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table presents the realized and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on financial
instruments on which the fair value option was elected:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Realized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Realized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Realized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   


 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (4,793 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,703 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (3,022 
 )  
   
 $ 
 43 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,101 
 )  
 
   Debt Securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (426 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity and Preferred Securities 
   
   
 (300 
 )  
   
   
 (17,269 
 )  
   
   
 (2,038 
 )  
   
   
 6,885 
    
   
   
 (2,833 
 )  
   
   
 7,273 
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
   
   
 (1,895 
 )  
   
   
 (36,502 
 )  
   
   
 (77,041 
 )  
   
   
 (28,054 
 )  
   
   
 37,464 
    
   
   
 172,968 
    
 
   Corporate Bonds 
   
   
 (551 
 )  
   
   
 1,188 
    
   
   
 (1,405 
 )  
   
   
 (7,931 
 )  
   
   
 4,510 
    
   
   
 (5,058 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
   
 4,431 
    
   
   
 (3,589 
 )  
   
   
 22,625 
    
   
   
 17,649 
    
   
   
 2,647 
    
   
   
 (476 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,685 
    
   
 $ 
 (61,391 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (59,562 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (14,473 
 )  
   
 $ 
 41,831 
    
   
 $ 
 173,606 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (6,626 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (133,274 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (6,078 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (485,655 
 )  
 
   Subordinated Notes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 57,119 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 108,611 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 96,991 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 57,119 
    
   
 $ 
 (6,626 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (24,663 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (6,078 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (388,664 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      183
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table presents information for those financial instruments for which the
fair value option was elected:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
   
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 For Financial Assets Past Due (a) 
   
   
   
   
   
 For Financial Assets Past Due (a) 
   
 
   
    
 (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
   
 (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   


 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
 $ 
 (8,845 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (5,323 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Debt Securities 
    
   
 (426 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 (77,900 
 )  
   
   
 1,088 
    
    
   
 (5,620 
 )  
   
   
 (197,580 
 )  
   
   
 4,369 
    
    
   
 (21,876 
 )  
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 (6,046 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (7,814 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (93,217 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,088 
    
    
 $ 
 (5,620 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (210,717 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,369 
    
    
 $ 
 (21,876 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Corporate Loans and Corporate Bonds within CLO assets are classified as past due if contractual payments are more than one day past due.  
 As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, no Loans and Receivables for which the fair value option was elected were past due or in
non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2015, no Corporate Bonds included within the Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles for which the fair value option was elected were past due or in non-accrual status.  
      184
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      


 
 
 8. 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
  The following tables summarize the valuation of the Partnership’s financial assets and liabilities by the fair
value hierarchy:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 Level I 
   
    
 Level II 
   
    
 Level III 
   
    
 NAV 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 155,512 
    
    
 $ 
 155,512 
    
 
   Equity Securities 
    
   
 82,734 
    
    
   
 53,250 
    
    
   
 80,849 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 216,833 
    
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 101,399 
    
    
   
 472,391 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 573,790 
    
 
   Debt Instruments 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 179,465 
    
    
   
 20,381 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 199,846 
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,886,792 
    
    
   
 200,771 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,087,563 
    
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 379,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 379,000 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,400 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,400 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 82,734 
    
    
   
 3,601,306 
    
    
   
 774,392 
    
    
   
 155,512 
    
    
   
 4,613,944 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity Securities 
    
   
 240,464 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 240,464 
    
 
   Debt Instruments 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,069,915 
    
    
   
 54,657 
    
    
   
 115,657 
    
    
   
 1,240,229 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 201,566 
    
    
   
 201,566 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
    
   
 240,464 
    
    
   
 1,069,915 
    
    
   
 54,657 
    
    
   
 317,223 
    
    
   
 1,682,259 
    
 
   Money Market Funds 
    
   
 460,233 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 460,233 
    
 
   Net Investment Hedges — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 319 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 319 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 1,806 
    
    
   
 406 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,212 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,088 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,088 
    
 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 261,994 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 261,994 
    
 
   Other Investments 
    
   
 40,261 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 101,184 
    
    
   
 17,707 
    
    
   
 159,152 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 825,498 
    
    
 $ 
 4,674,034 
    
    
 $ 
 1,192,227 
    
    
 $ 
 490,442 
    
    
 $ 
 7,182,201 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      185
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
   
 Level I 
   
   
 Level II 
   
   
 Level III 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles (a) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes (b) 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 3,225,064 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 3,225,064 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes (b) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 98,371 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 98,371 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives — Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,490 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,490 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives — Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,275 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,275 
    
 
   Net Investment Hedges — Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 835 
    
   
   
 3,453 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,288 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,042 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,042 
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,411 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,411 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 176,667 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 176,667 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 835 
    
   
 $ 
 3,520,774 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 3,521,609 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      186
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Level I 
   
    
 Level II 
   
    
 Level III 
   
    
 NAV 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,103,210 
    
    
 $ 
 1,103,210 
    
 
   Equity Securities 
    
   
 58,934 
    
    
   
 114,115 
    
    
   
 179,311 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 352,360 
    
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 187,140 
    
    
   
 1,496,422 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,683,562 
    
 
   Debt Instruments 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,502,314 
    
    
   
 105,970 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,608,284 
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 5,691,517 
    
    
   
 588,075 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,279,592 
    
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 292,690 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 292,690 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 8,915 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 8,915 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives — Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,281 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,281 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 19,455 
    
    
   
 25,045 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 44,513 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 58,947 
    
    
   
 7,818,427 
    
    
   
 2,394,823 
    
    
   
 1,103,210 
    
    
   
 11,375,407 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
    
   
 307,111 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 307,111 
    
 
   Equity Securities 
    
   
 71,746 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 71,746 
    
 
   Debt Instruments 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,090,794 
    
    
   
 84,894 
    
    
   
 50,507 
    
    
   
 1,226,195 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 61,009 
    
    
   
 61,009 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
    
   
 378,857 
    
    
   
 1,090,794 
    
    
   
 84,894 
    
    
   
 111,516 
    
    
   
 1,666,061 
    
 
   Money Market Funds 
    
   
 198,278 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 198,278 
    
 
   Net Investment Hedges — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 523 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 523 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 263 
    
    
   
 144 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 407 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,798 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,798 
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 85 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 85 
    
 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 40,397 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 40,397 
    
 
   Other Investments 
    
   
 31,731 
    
    
   
 436 
    
    
   
 104,491 
    
    
   
 9,593 
    
    
   
 146,251 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 668,076 
    
    
 $ 
 8,913,207 
    
    
 $ 
 2,624,605 
    
    
 $ 
 1,224,319 
    
    
 $ 
 13,430,207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      187
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Level I 
   
    
 Level II 
   
    
 Level III 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes (b) 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 6,448,352 
    
    
 $ 
 6,448,352 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes (b) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 348,752 
    
    
   
 348,752 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives — Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 21,875 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 21,875 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives — Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,514 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,514 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 1,357 
    
    
   
 3,233 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,590 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 681 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 681 
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 868 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 868 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 85,878 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 85,878 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,357 
    
    
 $ 
 115,049 
    
    
 $ 
 6,797,104 
    
    
 $ 
 6,913,510 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Pursuant to GAAP consolidation guidance, the Partnership is required to consolidate all VIEs in which it has been identified as the primary beneficiary, including
certain CLO vehicles, and other funds in which a consolidated entity of the Partnership, as the general partner of the fund, is presumed to have control. While the Partnership is required to consolidate certain funds, including CLO vehicles, for
GAAP purposes, the Partnership has no ability to utilize the assets of these funds and there is no recourse to the Partnership for their liabilities since these are client assets and liabilities.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Senior and subordinate notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified based on the more observable fair value of CLO assets less (a) the fair value of any beneficial
interests held by Blackstone, and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services.    The following table summarizes the fair value transfers between Level I and Level II for positions that existed as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Transfers from Level I into Level II (a) 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,639 
    
 
   Transfers from Level II into Level I (b) 
    
 $ 
 32,025 
    
    
 $ 
 23,758 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Transfers out of Level I represent those financial instruments for which restrictions exist and adjustments were made to an otherwise observable price to reflect fair
value at the reporting date.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Transfers into Level I represent those financial instruments for which an unadjusted quoted price in an active market became available for the identical asset.
 
      188
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table summarizes the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items
categorized in Level III of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 


 
   Financial Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Equity Securities 
   
 $ 
 66,962 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 7.8% - 25.0% 
   
 13.6% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
 -5.0% - 61.5% 
   
 10.2% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit Multiple - EBITDA 
   
 5.0x - 18.2x 
   
 9.6x 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit Multiple - P/E 
   
 10.5x - 17.0x 
   
 11.2x 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
 5.5% - 11.4% 
   
 9.0% 
 
 
   
   
 5,426 
    
   
 Other 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 6,722 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 1,710 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 6.5x - 8.0x 
   
 6.6x 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Book Value Multiple 
   
 0.9x 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 29 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
   
   
 423,588 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 2.1% - 25.8% 
   
 9.3% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
 -24.1% - 31.8% 
   
 8.6% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit  Multiple - EBITDA 
   
 0.1x - 23.8x 
   
 9.8x 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit  Multiple - P/E 
   
 9.3x 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
 2.7% - 12.1% 
   
 6.3% 
 
 
   
   
 30,437 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 16,963 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 1,403 
    
   
 Other 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Debt Instruments 
   
   
 16,217 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 4,086 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 6.5% - 52.7% 
   
 14.1% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
 16.8% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit  Multiple - EBITDA 
   
 12.0x 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
 1.0% - 8.3% 
   
 5.8% 
 
 
   
   
 78 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
   
 180,988 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 19,783 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 4.5x - 7.0x 
   
 6.5x 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
   
 774,392 
    
   
 
   
 
      continued
…  

      189
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 


 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
   
 $ 
 32,004 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows              
   
 Default Rate 
   
 1.0% - 2.0% 
   
 1.9% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 30.0% - 70.0% 
   
 67.0% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate 
   
 20.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 5.8% - 14.0% 
   
 8.6% 
 
 
   
   
 22,653 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 241,897 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows              
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 6.7% - 20.6% 
   
 11.0% 
 
 
   
   
 20,097 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other Investments 
   
   
 81,984 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows              
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 1.4% - 12.5% 
   
 3.3% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 70.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate 
   
 20.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate          
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps   
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 19,200 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 1,192,227 
    
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
      190
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table summarizes the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items
categorized in Level III of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2014:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 


 
   Financial Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Equity Securities 
   
 $ 
 106,727 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 8.4% - 24.7% 
   
 11.8% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
 0.7% - 24.4% 
   
 7.1% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit Multiple - EBITDA 
   
 5.0x - 13.0x 
   
 10.1x 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit  Multiple - P/E 
   
 10.5x - 17.0x 
   
 11.2x 
 
 
   
   
 67,706 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 163 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 6.7x - 7.6x 
   
 6.9x 
 
 
   
   
 45 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 4,670 
    
   
 Other 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
   
     
   485,748 
      
   
   Discounted Cash Flows 
   
   Discount Rate 
   
   4.4% - 21.5% 
   
   9.5% 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
 -4.4% - 41.7% 
   
 6.5% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit  Multiple - EBITDA 
   
 1.0x - 19.1x 
   
 9.7x 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
 2.0% - 19.1% 
   
 6.8% 
 
 
   
   
 996,199 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 13,793 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 682 
    
   
 Other 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Debt Instruments 
   
   
 9,570 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 8.8% - 24.7% 
   
 16.1% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Revenue CAGR 
   
 4.7% - 6.8% 
   
 5.0% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit  Multiple - EBITDA 
   
 5.9x - 11.3x 
   
 11.0x 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
 1.0% - 12.4% 
   
 9.3% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 30.0% - 70.0% 
   
 66.0% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate 
   
 20% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 95,542 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 686 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 172 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 6.6x - 7.9x 
   
 6.6x 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
     
   318,636 
      
   
   Third Party Pricing 
   
   N/A 
   
   N/A 
   
   N/A 
 
   
   
 290,658 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 3.8x - 15.0x 
   
 6.1x 
 
 
   
   
 3,826 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 8.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
   
 2,394,823 
    
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
      continued
…  

      191
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 


 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
   
 $ 
 26,167 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows              
   
 Default Rate 
   
 1.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 30.0% - 70.0% 
   
 66.0% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate 
   
 30.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 450 bps 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 5.8% - 10.0% 
   
 7.2% 
 
 
   
   
 54,257 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 4,470 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 26,247 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 10.5% - 12.2% 
   
 10.9% 
 
 
   
   
 14,150 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other Investments 
   
   
 11,887 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
   
 92,604 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 1.3% -12.5% 
   
 2.9% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 30.0%-70.0% 
   
 66.0% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate 
   
 20.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 2,624,605 
    
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Financial Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 $ 
 6,797,104 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 30.0%-70.0% 
   
 66.0% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 months 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate 
   
 20.0% 
   
 N/A 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 0.3% - 19.3% 
   
 2.3% 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
 N/A 
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
   N/A 
    
 Not applicable. 
 
   CAGR 
    
 Compound annual growth rate. 
 
   EBITDA 
    
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 
 
   Exit Multiple 
    
 Ranges include the last twelve months EBITDA, forward EBITDA and price/earnings exit multiples. 
 
   Third Party Pricing 
    
 Third Party Pricing is generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. 
 
   (a) 
    
 Unobservable inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range. 
   The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Blackstone’s Treasury
Cash Management Strategies, debt instruments, other investments and liabilities of consolidated CLO vehicles are discount rates, default rates, recovery rates, recovery lag, pre-payment rates and reinvestment rates. Increases (decreases) in any of
the discount rates, default rates, recovery lag and pre-payment rates in isolation would result in a lower (higher) fair value measurement. Increases (decreases) in any of the recovery rates and reinvestment rates in isolation would result in a
higher (lower) fair value measurement. Generally, a change in the assumption used for default rates may be accompanied by a directionally similar change in the assumption used for recovery lag and a directionally opposite change in the assumption
used for recovery rates and pre-payment rates.    The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of
equity securities, partnership and LLC interests, debt instruments, assets of consolidated CLO vehicles and loans and receivables are discount rates, exit capitalization rates, exit multiples, EBITDA multiples and revenue compound annual growth
rates. Increases (decreases) in any of discount rates and exit capitalization rates in isolation can result in a lower (higher) fair value measurement. Increases (decreases) in any of exit multiples and revenue compound annual growth rates in
isolation can result in a higher (lower) fair value measurement.  
      192
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Since December 31, 2014, there have been no changes in valuation techniques within
Level II and Level III that have had a material impact on the valuation of financial instruments.    The following tables
summarize the changes in financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value for which the Partnership has used Level III inputs to determine fair value and does not include gains or losses that were reported in Level III in prior years or for
instruments that were transferred out of Level III prior to the end of the respective reporting period. Total realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded for Level III investments are reported in Investment Income (Loss) and Net Gains (Losses)
from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Level III Financial Assets at Fair
Value Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
   
 Investments of Consolidated Funds 
   
   
 Loans and Receivables 
 
   
   
 Other Investments (c) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Investments of Consolidated Funds 
   
   
 Loans and Receivables 
 
   
   
 Other Investments (c) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance, Beginning of Period (a) 
   
 $ 
 2,394,823 
    
   
 $ 
 40,397 
    
   
 $ 
 189,385 
    
   
 $ 
 2,624,605 
    
   
 $ 
 2,460,907 
    
   
 $ 
 137,788 
    
   
 $ 
 44,774 
    
   
 $ 
 2,643,469 
    
 
   Transfer In Due to Consolidation and Acquisition (d) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 205,890 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 205,890 
    
 
   Transfer Out Due to Deconsolidation 
   
   
 (1,460,538 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,460,538 
 )  
   
   
 (335,357 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (335,357 
 )  
 
   Transfer In to Level III (b) 
   
   
 47,097 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31,479 
    
   
   
 78,576 
    
   
   
 570,902 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 32,681 
    
   
   
 603,583 
    
 
   Transfer Out of Level III (b) 
   
   
 (195,422 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (58,158 
 )  
   
   
 (253,580 
 )  
   
   
 (358,406 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48,282 
 )  
   
   
 (406,688 
 )  
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 328,237 
    
   
   
 233,693 
    
   
   
 47,978 
    
   
   
 609,908 
    
   
   
 910,440 
    
   
   
 192,568 
    
   
   
 193,367 
    
   
   
 1,296,375 
    
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (383,302 
 )  
   
   
 (9,535 
 )  
   
   
 (40,000 
 )  
   
   
 (432,837 
 )  
   
   
 (1,211,216 
 )  
   
   
 (284,920 
 )  
   
   
 (17,138 
 )  
   
   
 (1,513,274 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,435 
 )  
   
   
 (465 
 )  
   
   
 (4,900 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,170 
 )  
   
   
 (522 
 )  
   
   
 (1,692 
 )  
 
   Changes in Gains (Losses) Included in Earnings and Other Comprehensive Income 
   
   
 43,497 
    
   
   
 1,874 
    
   
   
 (14,378 
 )  
   
   
 30,993 
    
   
   
 151,663 
    
   
   
 (3,869 
 )  
   
   
 (15,495 
 )  
   
   
 132,299 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 774,392 
    
   
 $ 
 261,994 
    
   
 $ 
 155,841 
    
   
 $ 
 1,192,227 
    
   
 $ 
 2,394,823 
    
   
 $ 
 40,397 
    
   
 $ 
 189,385 
    
   
 $ 
 2,624,605 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Changes in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Earnings Related to Investments Still Held at the Reporting Date 

   
 $ 
 (5,333 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,745 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,624 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (7,212 
 )  
   
 $ 
 43,450 
    
   
 $ 
 (4,048 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (991 
 )  
   
 $ 
 38,411 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      193
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Level III Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Collateralized Loan Obligations Senior Notes 
   
   
 Collateralized Loan Obligations Subordinated Notes 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Collateralized Loan Obligations Senior Notes 
   
   
 Collateralized Loan Obligations Subordinated Notes 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
    
 $ 
 6,448,352 
    
   
 $ 
 348,752 
    
   
 $ 
 6,797,104 
    
   
 $ 
 8,302,572 
    
   
 $ 
 610,435 
    
   
 $ 
 8,913,007 
    
 
   Transfer In Due to Consolidation and Acquisition (d) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,990,703 
    
   
   
 144,107 
    
   
   
 2,134,810 
    
 
   Transfer Out Due to Deconsolidation 
    
   
 (4,168,405 
 )  
   
   
 (261,934 
 )  
   
   
 (4,430,339 
 )  
   
   
 (2,231,852 
 )  
   
   
 (277,302 
 )  
   
   
 (2,509,154 
 )  
 
   Transfer Out Due to Amended CLO Guidance (e) 
    
   
 (2,279,947 
 )  
   
   
 (86,818 
 )  
   
   
 (2,366,765 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuances 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 557,780 
    
   
   
 10,000 
    
   
   
 567,780 
    
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,807,845 
 )  
   
   
 (703 
 )  
   
   
 (1,808,548 
 )  
 
   Changes in (Gains) Losses Included in Earnings and Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (363,006 
 )  
   
   
 (137,785 
 )  
   
   
 (500,791 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 6,448,352 
    
   
 $ 
 348,752 
    
   
 $ 
 6,797,104 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Changes in Unrealized (Gains) Losses Included in Earnings Related to Liabilities Still Held at the Reporting Date 

    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 127,011 
    
   
 $ 
 (79,423 
 )  
   
 $ 
 47,588 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Beginning of period 2015 balances have been adjusted to remove investments for which fair value is based on NAV. Pursuant to amended fair value guidance, disclosure in
the fair value hierarchy is no longer required.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Transfers in and out of Level III financial assets and liabilities were due to changes in the observability of inputs used in the valuation of such assets and
liabilities.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies and Other Investments.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Represents the transfer into Level III of financial assets and liabilities as a result of the consolidation of certain fund entities.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Transfers out due to amended CLO measurement guidance represents the transfer out of Level III for liabilities of consolidated CLO vehicles for which fair value is
based on the more observable fair value of CLO assets. Such liabilities are classified as Level II within the fair value hierarchy.      

 
 
 9. 
 VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  
  Pursuant to GAAP consolidation guidance, the Partnership consolidates certain VIEs in which it is determined that the
Partnership is the primary beneficiary either directly or indirectly, through a consolidated entity or affiliate. VIEs include certain private equity, real estate, credit-focused or funds of hedge funds entities and CLO vehicles. The purpose of such
VIEs is to provide strategy specific investment opportunities for investors in exchange for management and performance based fees. The investment strategies of the Blackstone Funds differ by product; however, the fundamental risks of the Blackstone
Funds have similar characteristics, including loss of invested capital and loss of management fees and performance based fees. In Blackstone’s role as general partner, collateral manager or investment adviser, it generally considers itself the
sponsor of the applicable Blackstone Fund. The Partnership does not provide performance guarantees and has no other financial obligation to provide funding to consolidated VIEs other than its own capital commitments.  
      194
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The assets of consolidated variable interest entities may only be used to settle
obligations of these consolidated Blackstone Funds. In addition, there is no recourse to the Partnership for the consolidated VIEs’ liabilities including the liabilities of the consolidated CLO vehicles.  
 The Partnership holds variable interests in certain VIEs which are not consolidated as it is determined that the Partnership is not the
primary beneficiary. The Partnership’s involvement with such entities is in the form of direct equity interests and fee arrangements. The maximum exposure to loss represents the loss of assets recognized by Blackstone relating to
non-consolidated entities, any amounts due to non-consolidated entities and any clawback obligation relating to previously distributed Carried Interest. The assets and liabilities recognized in the Partnership’s Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition related to the Partnership’s interest in these non-consolidated VIEs and the Partnership’s maximum exposure to loss relating to non-consolidated VIEs were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Investments 
    
 $ 
 466,651 
    
    
 $ 
 776,079 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 11,726 
    
    
   
 125,316 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 51,029 
    
    
   
 53,751 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total VIE Assets 
    
   
 529,406 
    
    
   
 955,146 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 586 
    
    
   
 108 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 88 
    
    
   
 124 
    
 
   Potential Clawback Obligation 
    
   
 73,450 
    
    
   
 206,725 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Maximum Exposure to Loss 
    
 $ 
 603,530 
    
    
 $ 
 1,162,103 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 10. 
 REVERSE REPURCHASE AND REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS  
  At December 31, 2015, the Partnership received securities, primarily U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency
securities, asset-backed securities and corporate debt, with a fair value of $203.9 million as collateral for reverse repurchase agreements that could be repledged, delivered or otherwise used. Securities with a fair value of $99.3 million were used
to cover Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased. The Partnership also pledged securities with a carrying value of $64.5 million and cash to collateralize its repurchase agreements. Such securities can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the
counterparty.    At December 31, 2014, the Partnership pledged securities with a carrying value of $44.8 million and cash
to collateralize its repurchase agreements. Such securities can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty.  
      195
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table provides information regarding the Partnership’s Repurchase
Agreements obligation by type of collateral as of December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements 
   
 
   
    
 Overnight and Continuous 
   
    
 Up to 30 Days 
   
    
 30 - 90 Days 
   
    
 Greater than 90 days 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Treasury and Agency Securities 
    
 $ 
 970 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 970 
    
 
   Asset-Backed Securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 39,959 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 39,959 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 970 
    
    
 $ 
 39,959 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 40,929 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross Amount of Recognized Liabilities for Repurchase Agreements in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and
Liabilities” 
       
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 40,929 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Amounts Related to Agreements Not Included in Offsetting Disclosure in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and
Liabilities” 
       
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 11. 
 OTHER ASSETS AND ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES  
  Other Assets consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
    
 $ 
 317,496 
    
    
 $ 
 318,672 
    
 
   Less: Accumulated Depreciation 
    
   
 (181,953 
 )  
    
   
 (182,932 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net 
    
   
 135,543 
    
    
   
 135,740 
    
 
   Prepaid Expenses 
    
   
 190,241 
    
    
   
 102,503 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 46,786 
    
    
   
 82,704 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
   
 4,300 
    
    
   
 3,290 
    
 
   Net Investment Hedges 
    
   
 319 
    
    
   
 523 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 377,189 
    
    
 $ 
 324,760 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Depreciation expense of $26.0 million, $28.6 million and $33.6 million related to furniture, equipment
and leasehold improvements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, is included in General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities includes $53.7 million and $97.8 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, relating to redemptions that were legally payable to investors of the consolidated Blackstone Funds and $187.7 million and $591.7 million, respectively, of payables relating to unsettled purchases.  
      196
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      


 
 
 12. 
 OFFSETTING OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  
  The following tables present the offsetting of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2015:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Statement
of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of
Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Investment Hedges 
    
 $ 
 319 
    
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 318 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
   
 4,300 
    
    
   
 2,149 
    
    
   
 1,310 
    
    
   
 841 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 204,893 
    
    
   
 203,938 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 955 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 209,512 
    
    
 $ 
 206,088 
    
    
 $ 
 1,310 
    
    
 $ 
 2,114 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in 
the Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Pledged 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Investment Hedges 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
   
 15,016 
    
    
   
 2,149 
    
    
   
 12,076 
    
    
   
 791 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 40,929 
    
    
   
 40,259 
    
    
   
 670 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 55,946 
    
    
 $ 
 42,409 
    
    
 $ 
 12,746 
    
    
 $ 
 791 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following tables present the offsetting of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2014:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Statement
of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of
Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Investment Hedges 
    
 $ 
 523 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 523 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
   
 3,290 
    
    
   
 1,132 
    
    
   
 352 
    
    
   
 1,806 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 3,813 
    
    
 $ 
 1,132 
    
    
 $ 
 352 
    
    
 $ 
 2,329 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the
Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of
Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Pledged 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 8,653 
    
    
 $ 
 1,132 
    
    
 $ 
 7,424 
    
    
 $ 
 97 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 29,907 
    
    
   
 29,438 
    
    
   
 469 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 38,560 
    
    
 $ 
 30,570 
    
    
 $ 
 7,893 
    
    
 $ 
 97 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      197
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Reverse Repurchase Agreements and Repurchase Agreements are presented separately on the
Statements of Financial Condition. Freestanding Derivative assets are included in Other Assets in the Statements of Financial Condition. See Note 11. “Other Assets and Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities” for the
components of Other Assets.    Freestanding Derivative liabilities are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other
Liabilities in the Statements of Financial Condition and are not a significant component thereof.    Notional Pooling Arrangement
   Blackstone has a notional cash pooling arrangement with a financial institution for cash management purposes. This
arrangement allows for cash withdrawals based upon aggregate cash balances on deposit at the same financial institution. Cash withdrawals cannot exceed aggregate cash balances on deposit. The net balance of cash on deposit and overdrafts is used as
a basis for calculating net interest expense or income. As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate cash balance on deposit relating to the cash pooling arrangement was $905.5 million, which was offset with an accompanying overdraft of $895.9
million.      

 
 
 13. 
 BORROWINGS  
  The Partnership borrows and enters into credit agreements for its general operating and investment purposes and certain
Blackstone Funds borrow to meet financing needs of their operating and investing activities. Borrowing facilities have been established for the benefit of selected Blackstone Funds. When a Blackstone Fund borrows from the facility in which it
participates, the proceeds from the borrowing are strictly limited for its intended use by the borrowing fund and not available for other Partnership purposes. The Partnership’s credit facilities consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Credit Available 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Credit Available 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   


 
   Revolving Credit Facility (a) 
    
 $ 
 1,100,000 
    
    
 $ 
 6,129 
    
    
   
 0.88 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,100,000 
    
    
 $ 
 689 
    
    
   
 0.88 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Issued Senior Notes (b) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   6.625%, Due 8/15/2019 (c) 
    
   
 585,000 
    
    
   
 585,000 
    
    
   
 6.63 
 %  
   
   
 585,000 
    
    
   
 585,000 
    
    
   
 6.63 
 %  
 
   5.875%, Due 3/15/2021 
    
   
 400,000 
    
    
   
 400,000 
    
    
   
 5.88 
 %  
   
   
 400,000 
    
    
   
 400,000 
    
    
   
 5.88 
 %  
 
   4.750%, Due 2/15/2023 
    
   
 400,000 
    
    
   
 400,000 
    
    
   
 4.75 
 %  
   
   
 400,000 
    
    
   
 400,000 
    
    
   
 4.75 
 %  
 
   6.250%, Due 8/15/2042 
    
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 6.25 
 %  
   
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 6.25 
 %  
 
   5.000%, Due 6/15/2044 
    
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
 
   4.450%, Due 7/15/2045 
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 4.45 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   2.000%, Due 5/19/2025 
    
   
 327,990 
    
    
   
 327,990 
    
    
   
 2.00 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 3,912,990 
    
    
   
 2,819,119 
    
    
   
 5.11 
 %  
   
   
 3,235,000 
    
    
   
 2,135,689 
    
    
   
 5.71 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Fund Facilities (d) 
    
   
 4,453 
    
    
   
 4,453 
    
    
   
 1.97 
 %  
   
   
 6,877 
    
    
   
 6,877 
    
    
   
 2.53 
 %  
 
   CLO Vehicles (e) 
    
   
 3,914,326 
    
    
   
 3,914,326 
    
    
   
 1.94 
 %  
   
   
 7,519,660 
    
    
   
 7,334,316 
    
    
   
 1.27 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 7,831,769 
    
    
 $ 
 6,737,898 
    
    
   
 3.26 
 %  
   
 $ 
 10,761,537 
    
    
 $ 
 9,476,882 
    
    
   
 2.27 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Blackstone, through indirect subsidiaries, has a $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) with Citibank,
N.A., as Administrative Agent with a maturity date of May 29, 2019. Interest on the  
      198
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
   
 
borrowings is based on an adjusted LIBOR rate or alternate base rate, in each case plus a margin, and undrawn commitments bear a commitment fee. Borrowings may also be made in U.K. sterling or
euros, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. The Credit Facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. Financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of
fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly. The Borrowing Outstanding at each date represent outstanding but undrawn letters of credit against the credit facility.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. (the “Issuer”), an indirect subsidiary of the Partnership, has issued long term borrowings in the form of senior notes
(the “Notes”). The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Partnership, Blackstone Holdings, and the Issuer (the
“Guarantors”). The guarantees are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantors. Transaction costs related to the issuance of the Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the life of the Notes. The indentures
include covenants, including limitations on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ ability to, subject to exceptions, incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge,
consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. The indentures also provide for events of default and further provide that the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare the Notes
immediately due and payable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default after expiration of any applicable grace period. In the case of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or reorganization, the
principal amount of the Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes automatically become due and payable. All or a portion of the Notes may be redeemed at the Issuer’s option in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time,
prior to their stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the Notes. If a change of control repurchase event occurs, the holders of the Notes may require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to
101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of repurchase. Interest expense on the Notes was $136.5 million, $115.2 million and $96.9
million for the years ended December 31, 2015, December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The Credit Available and Borrowing Outstanding are determined using the original $600 million par amount less $15 million attributable to these notes which were
acquired but not retired by Blackstone during 2012.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Represents borrowing facilities for the various consolidated Blackstone Funds used to meet liquidity and investing needs. Certain borrowings under these facilities were
used for bridge financing and general liquidity purposes. Other borrowings were used to finance the purchase of investments with the borrowing remaining in place until the disposition or refinancing event. Such borrowings have varying maturities and
are rolled over until the disposition or a refinancing event. Because the timing of such events is unknown and may occur in the near term, these borrowings are considered short-term in nature. Borrowings bear interest at spreads to market rates.
Borrowings were secured according to the terms of each facility and are generally secured by the investment purchased with the proceeds of the borrowing and/or the uncalled capital commitment of each respective fund. Certain facilities have
commitment fees. When a fund borrows, the proceeds are available only for use by that fund and are not available for the benefit of other funds. Collateral within each fund is also available only against the borrowings by that fund and not against
the borrowings of other funds.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Represents borrowings due to the holders of debt securities issued by CLO vehicles consolidated by Blackstone. These amounts are included within Loans Payable and Due
to Affiliates within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.  
      199
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table presents the general characteristics of each of our Notes, as well
as their carrying value and fair value. The Notes are included in Loans Payable within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. All of the Notes were issued at a discount. All of the Notes accrue interest from the Issue Date and all pay
interest in arrears on a  semi-annual  basis or annual basis as indicated by the Interest Payment Dates.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Issue Date 
   
   
 Interest Payment Dates 
 
   
   
 First Interest 
 Payment Date 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
   Senior Notes 
   
   
   
   
 Carrying Value 
   
   
 Fair Value (a) 
   
   
 Carrying Value (b) 
   
   
 Fair Value (a) 
   


 
   6.625%, Due 8/15/2019 (c) 
   
   
 8/20/2009 
    
   
   
 2/15, 8/15 
    
   
   
 2/15/2010 
    
   
 $ 
 614,996 
    
   
 $ 
 665,438 
    
   
 $ 
 622,552 
    
   
 $ 
 684,158 
    
 
   5.875%, Due 3/15/2021 
   
   
 9/15/2010 
    
   
   
 3/15, 9/15 
    
   
   
 3/15/2011 
    
   
 $ 
 397,720 
    
   
 $ 
 458,680 
    
   
 $ 
 397,357 
    
   
 $ 
 462,360 
    
 
   4.750%, Due 2/15/2023 
   
   
 8/17/2012 
    
   
   
 2/15, 9/15 
    
   
   
 2/15/2013 
    
   
 $ 
 392,224 
    
   
 $ 
 430,560 
    
   
 $ 
 391,344 
    
   
 $ 
 436,240 
    
 
   6.250%, Due 8/15/2042 
   
   
 8/17/2012 
    
   
   
 2/15, 9/15 
    
   
   
 2/15/2013 
    
   
 $ 
 237,648 
    
   
 $ 
 297,575 
    
   
 $ 
 237,487 
    
   
 $ 
 307,125 
    
 
   5.000%, Due 6/15/2044 
   
   
 4/7/2014 
    
   
   
 6/15, 12/15 
    
   
   
 12/15/2014 
    
   
 $ 
 488,119 
    
   
 $ 
 515,050 
    
   
 $ 
 487,966 
    
   
 $ 
 527,500 
    
 
   4.450%, Due 7/15/2045 
   
   
 4/27/2015 
    
   
   
 1/15, 7/15 
    
   
   
 1/15/2016 
    
   
 $ 
 343,689 
    
   
 $ 
 332,640 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   2.000%, Due 5/19/2025 
   
   
 5/19/2015 
    
   
   
 5/19 
    
   
   
 5/19/2016 
    
   
 $ 
 322,664 
    
   
 $ 
 327,465 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Fair value is determined by broker quote and these notes would be classified as Level II within the fair value hierarchy.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The carrying value has been adjusted to reflect the presentation of debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the related liability for all periods presented in
accordance with amended guidance on simplifying the presentation of such costs.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The carrying and fair values are determined using the original $600 million par amount less $15 million attributable to these notes which were acquired but not retired
by Blackstone during 2012.    Included within Loans Payable and Due to Affiliates within the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition are amounts due to holders of debt securities issued by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles. Borrowings through the consolidated CLO vehicles consisted of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
   
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Weighted Average Remaining Maturity in Years 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
   
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Weighted Average Remaining Maturity in Years 
   


 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 3,687,976 
    
   
   
 1.93 
 %  
   
   
 5.4 
    
    
 $ 
 6,594,266 
    
   
   
 1.27 
 %  
   
   
 3.8 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 226,350 
 (a)  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 740,050 
 (a)  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,914,326 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 7,334,316 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Subordinated Notes do not have contractual interest rates but instead receive distributions from the excess cash flows of the CLO vehicles.
 
      200
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Senior Secured Notes and Subordinated Notes comprise the following amounts:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Amounts Due to Non- Consolidated Affiliates 
   
    
   
   
    
 Amounts Due to Non- Consolidated Affiliates 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 3,225,064 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 6,448,352 
    
    
 $ 
 2,500 
    
    
 $ 
 2,504 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
 $ 
 98,371 
    
    
 $ 
 10,000 
    
    
 $ 
 8,231 
    
    
 $ 
 348,752 
    
    
 $ 
 24,200 
    
    
 $ 
 14,377 
    
   The Loans Payable of the consolidated CLO vehicles are collateralized by assets held by each respective
CLO vehicle and assets of one vehicle may not be used to satisfy the liabilities of another. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the fair value of the consolidated CLO assets was $3.9 billion and $8.0 billion, respectively. This collateral
consisted of Cash, Corporate Loans, Corporate Bonds and other securities.    As part of Blackstone’s borrowing
arrangements, the Partnership is subject to certain financial and operating covenants. The Partnership was in compliance with all of its loan covenants as of December 31, 2015.  
 Scheduled principal payments for borrowings at December 31, 2015 are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Operating Borrowings 
   
    
 Blackstone Fund Facilities / CLO Vehicles 
   
    
 Total Borrowings 
   


 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 4,453 
    
    
 $ 
 4,453 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 519,318 
    
    
   
 519,318 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 585,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 585,000 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 2,227,990 
    
    
   
 3,395,008 
    
    
   
 5,622,998 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,812,990 
    
    
 $ 
 3,918,779 
    
    
 $ 
 6,731,769 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     

 
 
 14. 
 INCOME TAXES  
  Income Before Provision for Taxes of $1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015 is comprised of
$1.8 billion U.S. domestic income and $59.8 million foreign income.  
      201
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The Provision for Taxes consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Current 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal Income Tax 
    
 $ 
 45,506 
    
    
 $ 
 135,193 
    
    
 $ 
 19,237 
    
 
   Foreign Income Tax 
    
   
 16,769 
    
    
   
 24,199 
    
    
   
 13,302 
    
 
   State and Local Income Tax 
    
   
 28,137 
    
    
   
 69,281 
    
    
   
 33,273 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 90,412 
    
    
   
 228,673 
    
    
   
 65,812 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal Income Tax 
    
   
 80,307 
    
    
   
 54,375 
    
    
   
 157,962 
    
 
   Foreign Income Tax 
    
   
 (398 
 )  
    
   
 (416 
 )  
    
   
 (638 
 )  
 
   State and Local Income Tax 
    
   
 20,077 
    
    
   
 8,541 
    
    
   
 32,506 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 99,986 
    
    
   
 62,500 
    
    
   
 189,830 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 190,398 
    
    
 $ 
 291,173 
    
    
 $ 
 255,642 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table summarizes Blackstone’s tax position:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 1,814,748 
    
   
 $ 
 3,986,726 
    
   
 $ 
 3,148,561 
    
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 190,398 
    
   
 $ 
 291,173 
    
   
 $ 
 255,642 
    
 
   Effective Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
   
 7.3 
 %  
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
   The following table reconciles the effective income tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory tax rate:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2015   
   
   
   2014   
   
   
   2013   
   


 
   Statutory U.S. Federal Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   Income Passed Through to Common Unitholders and Non-Controlling Interest Holders (a) 
    
   
 -22.3 
 %  
   
   
 -28.7 
 %  
   
   
 -28.7 
 %  
 
   Interest Expense 
    
   
 -4.0 
 %  
   
   
 -0.5 
 %  
   
   
 -0.9 
 %  
 
   Foreign Income Taxes 
    
   
 -0.1 
 %  
   
   
 -0.3 
 %  
   
   
 -0.2 
 %  
 
   State and Local Income Taxes 
    
   
 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 1.5 
 %  
   
   
 1.7 
 %  
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
   
   
 1.6 
 %  
 
   Change in Tax Rate 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 0.6 
 %  
 
   Net Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
    
   
 -0.2 
 %  
   
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 -0.2 
 %  
 
   Non Deductible Expenses 
    
   
 0.2 
 %  
   
   
 0.2 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Tax Deductible Compensation 
    
   
 -1.5 
 %  
   
   
 -0.4 
 %  
   
   
 -0.3 
 %  
 
   Other 
    
   
 -0.2 
 %  
   
   
 -0.7 
 %  
   
   
 -0.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective Income Tax Rate (b) 
    
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
   
 7.3 
 %  
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Includes income that is not taxable to the Partnership and its subsidiaries. Such income is directly taxable to the Partnership’s unitholders and the
non-controlling interest holders.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The effective tax rate is calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes.  
      202
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  In 2013, a subsidiary of the Partnership received Letter Rulings allowing the
application of New York State and New York City laws that prescribe the sourcing of income of a registered securities or commodities broker resulting in a reduction to the rate of tax for 2013 and the rate of tax that Blackstone will pay in the
future.    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences that may exist between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A summary of the tax effects of the
temporary differences is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fund Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 16,357 
    
    
 $ 
 21,607 
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 57,552 
    
    
   
 56,783 
    
 
   Unrealized Gains from Investments 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (119,428 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and Amortization 
    
   
 1,326,395 
    
    
   
 1,314,570 
    
 
   Net Operating Loss Carry Forward 
    
   
 15,874 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (21,302 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 1,416,178 
    
    
   
 1,252,230 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred Tax Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized Gains from Investments 
    
   
 105,830 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 32,919 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Depreciation and Amortization 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 
    
   
 138,749 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Deferred Tax Assets 
    
 $ 
 1,277,429 
    
    
 $ 
 1,252,220 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As a result of the October 1, 2015 spin-off, the net deferred tax assets were reduced by $70.8
million.    Future realization of tax benefits depends on the expectation of taxable income within a period of time that the tax
benefits will reverse. The Partnership has recorded a significant deferred tax asset for the future amortization of tax basis intangibles acquired from the predecessor owners and current owners. The amortization period for these tax basis
intangibles is 15 years; accordingly, the related deferred tax assets will reverse over the same period. The Partnership had a taxable loss of $46.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, which is available for carryback to 2013 or
carryforward to 2016. The Partnership has considered the 15 year amortization period for the tax basis intangibles and the 20 year carryforward period for its taxable loss in evaluating whether it should establish a valuation allowance.  
 The Partnership also considers projections of taxable income in evaluating its ability to utilize deferred tax assets. In projecting its
taxable income, the Partnership begins with historic results and incorporates assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. The assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and
estimates that the Partnership uses to manage its business. At this time, the Partnership’s projections of future taxable income that include the effects of originating and reversing temporary differences, including those for the tax basis
intangibles, indicate that it is more likely than not that the benefits from the deferred tax asset will be realized. Therefore, the Partnership has determined that no valuation allowance is needed at December 31, 2015.  
      203
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Currently, the Partnership does not believe it meets the indefinite reversal criteria
that would cause the Partnership to not recognize a deferred tax liability with respect to its foreign subsidiaries. Where applicable, Blackstone will record a deferred tax liability for any outside basis difference of an investment in a foreign
subsidiary.    Blackstone files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the
normal course of business, Blackstone is subject to examination by federal and certain state, local and foreign tax regulators. As of December 31, 2015, Blackstone’s U.S. federal income tax returns for the years 2012 through 2014 are open
under the normal three-year statute of limitations and therefore subject to examination. The Internal Revenue Service completed an examination of a corporate subsidiary’s 2012 U.S. federal income tax return with no change. State and local tax
returns are generally subject to audit from 2011 through 2014. The State of New York completed an examination of the tax returns filed by a subsidiary for the years 2010 through 2011 with no change. The City of New York is examining certain other
subsidiaries’ tax returns for the years 2007 through 2011. The Income Tax Department of the Government of India recently completed an audit of an Indian subsidiary’s 2012 tax return with no change and is examining the tax returns of the
Indian subsidiaries for the years 2008 and 2009. Blackstone believes that during 2016 certain tax audits have a reasonable possibility of being completed and does not expect the results of these audits to have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements.    Blackstone’s unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, were:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits — January 1 
    
 $ 
 19,836 
    
    
 $ 
 18,862 
    
    
 $ 
 30,742 
    
 
   Additions based on Tax Positions Related to Current Year 
    
   
 1,031 
    
    
   
 2,104 
    
    
   
 6,517 
    
 
   Additions for Tax Positions of Prior Years 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,002 
    
    
   
 3,435 
    
 
   Reductions for Tax Positions of Prior Years 
    
   
 (4,032 
 )  
    
   
 (2,503 
 )  
    
   
 (17,686 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (1,062 
 )  
    
   
 (3,538 
 )  
 
   Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
    
   
 (1,137 
 )  
    
   
 (1,567 
 )  
    
   
 (608 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits — December 31 
    
 $ 
 15,698 
    
    
 $ 
 19,836 
    
    
 $ 
 18,862 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   If the above tax benefits were recognized, $15.7 million and $19.8 million for the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, would reduce the annual effective rate. Blackstone does not believe that it will have a material increase or decrease in its unrecognized tax benefits during the coming year.  
 The unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expense and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition.    Blackstone recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax positions in General,
Administrative and Other Expense. During the year ended December 31, 2015, $(0.4) million of interest expense and no penalties were accrued. During the year ended December 31, 2014, $2.0 million of interest expense and no penalties were
accrued. During the year ended December 31, 2013, $1.0 million of interest expense and no penalties were accrued.    Other Income —
Reversal of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability    In 2015, the $82.7 million Reversal of the Tax Receivable Agreement
Liability was primarily attributable to the October 1, 2015 spin-off. In 2013, the $20.5 million Reversal of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability resulted from the change in New York State’s and New York City’s laws regarding the
sourcing of income.  
      204
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      


 
 
 15. 
 NET INCOME PER COMMON UNIT  
  Basic and diluted net income per common unit for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was calculated
as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Net Income for Per Common Unit Calculations 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P., Basic 
    
 $ 
 709,789 
    
    
 $ 
 1,584,589 
    
    
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
 
   Incremental Net Income from Assumed Exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 524,353 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P., Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1,234,142 
    
    
 $ 
 1,584,589 
    
    
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Units Outstanding 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding, Basic 
    
   
 634,337,179 
    
    
   
 608,803,111 
    
    
   
 587,018,828 
    
 
   Weighted-Average Unvested Deferred Restricted Common Units 
    
   
 2,993,398 
    
    
   
 4,373,294 
    
    
   
 3,527,812 
    
 
   Weighted-Average Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 550,754,834 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding, Diluted 
    
   
 1,188,085,411 
    
    
   
 613,176,405 
    
    
   
 590,546,640 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit, Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.12 
    
    
 $ 
 2.60 
    
    
 $ 
 2.00 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.04 
    
    
 $ 
 2.58 
    
    
 $ 
 1.98 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared Per Common Unit (a) 
    
 $ 
 2.90 
    
    
 $ 
 1.92 
    
    
 $ 
 1.18 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Distributions declared reflects the calendar date of declaration for each distribution. The fourth quarter distribution, if any, for any fiscal year will be declared
and paid in the subsequent fiscal year.    The following table summarizes the anti-dilutive securities for the
periods indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Weighted-Average Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 542,553,088 
    
    
   
 553,579,525 
    
   Unit Repurchase Program    In January 2008, Blackstone announced that the Board of Directors of its general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., had authorized the repurchase by Blackstone of up to $500 million of
Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under this unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the
actual number of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. This unit repurchase program may be suspended
or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.    During the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013, no units were repurchased. As of December 31, 2015, the amount remaining available for repurchases under this program was $335.8 million.  
      205
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      


 
 
 16. 
 EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION  
  The Partnership has granted equity-based compensation awards to Blackstone’s senior managing directors,
non-partner professionals, non-professionals and selected external advisers under the Partnership’s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Equity Plan”), the majority of which to date were granted in connection with Blackstone’s
initial public offering (“IPO”). The Equity Plan allows for the granting of options, unit appreciation rights or other unit-based awards (units, restricted units, restricted common units, deferred restricted common units, phantom
restricted common units or other unit-based awards based in whole or in part on the fair value of the Blackstone common units or Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units) which may contain certain service or performance requirements. As of
January 1, 2015, the Partnership had the ability to grant 165,943,809 units under the Equity Plan.    For the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 the Partnership recorded compensation expense of $629.6 million, $734.7 million, and $855.1 million, respectively, in relation to its equity-based awards with corresponding tax benefits of $41.0 million, $23.1
million, and $33.3 million, respectively.    As of December 31, 2015, there was $1.0 billion of estimated unrecognized
compensation expense related to unvested awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 5.2 years.    Total vested and unvested outstanding units, including Blackstone common units, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted common units, were 1,191,126,830 as of December 31, 2015.
Total outstanding unvested phantom units were 39,296 as of December 31, 2015.    A summary of the status of the
Partnership’s unvested equity-based awards as of December 31, 2015 and of changes during the period January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015 is presented below:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Equity Settled Awards 
   
   
 Cash Settled Awards 
   
 
   Unvested Units 
   
 Partnership Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   
   
 Deferred Restricted Common Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   
   
 Phantom Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2014 
   
   
 33,498,237 
    
   
 $ 
 26.19 
    
   
   
 17,569,372 
    
   
 $ 
 16.95 
    
   
   
 1,455 
    
   
 $ 
 31.95 
    
 
   Granted 
   
   
 28,861,922 
    
   
   
 37.91 
    
   
   
 5,655,007 
    
   
   
 32.98 
    
   
   
 16,928 
    
   
   
 34.03 
    
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (19,845,114 
 )  
   
   
 29.48 
    
   
   
 (7,942,152 
 )  
   
   
 17.62 
    
   
   
 (815 
 )  
   
   
 32.62 
    
 
   Exchanged 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (10,374 
 )  
   
   
 28.23 
    
   
   
 10,374 
    
   
   
 28.23 
    
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (1,613,290 
 )  
   
   
 23.31 
    
   
   
 (929,724 
 )  
   
   
 24.82 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, December 31, 2015 
   
   
 40,901,755 
    
   
 $ 
 32.98 
    
   
   
 14,342,129 
    
   
 $ 
 22.38 
    
   
   
 27,942 
    
   
 $ 
 28.79 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   Units Expected to Vest    The following unvested units, after expected forfeitures, as of December 31, 2015, are expected to vest:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Units 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Service Period
in Years 
   


 
   Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 33,675,366 
    
    
   
 4.4 
    
 
   Deferred Restricted Blackstone Common Units 
    
   
 12,386,848 
    
    
   
 1.9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity-Based Awards 
    
   
 46,062,214 
    
    
   
 3.7 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Phantom Units 
    
   
 19,495 
    
    
   
 3.8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      206
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Deferred Restricted Common Units and Phantom Units  
 The Partnership has granted deferred restricted common units to certain senior and non-senior managing director professionals, analysts
and senior finance and administrative personnel and selected external advisers and phantom units (cash settled equity-based awards) to other senior and non-senior managing director employees. Holders of deferred restricted common units and phantom
units are not entitled to any voting rights. Only phantom units are to be settled in cash.    The fair values of deferred
restricted common units have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s common units on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1 to 9
years. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes forfeiture rates based upon historical turnover rates, ranging from 1.0% to 12.2% annually by employee class, and a per unit discount, ranging from $0.01 to $7.56. In most
cases, the Partnership will not make any distributions with respect to unvested deferred restricted common units. However, there are certain grantees who receive distributions on both vested and unvested deferred restricted common units.  
 The phantom units vest over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1 to 6 years. On each such vesting date, Blackstone delivered
or will deliver cash to the holder in an amount equal to the number of phantom units held multiplied by the then fair market value of the Blackstone common units on such date. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes
forfeiture rates based upon historical turnover rates, ranging from 6.9% to 12.2% annually by employee class. Blackstone is accounting for these cash settled awards as a liability.  
 Blackstone paid $1.1 million, $1.1 million and $0.6 million to non-senior managing director employees in settlement of phantom units for
the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.    Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units  
 At the time of the Reorganization, Blackstone’s predecessor owners and selected advisers received 827,516,625 Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units, of which 387,805,088 were vested and 439,711,537 were to vest over a period of up to eight years from the IPO date. Subsequent to the Reorganization, the Partnership has granted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to newly hired
senior managing directors. The Partnership has accounted for the unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as compensation expense over the vesting period. The fair values have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s common
units on the date of the grant, or $31 (based on the initial public offering price per Blackstone common unit) for those units issued at the time of the Reorganization, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed
service period which ranges from 1 to 9 years. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a forfeiture rate of up to 12.2%, based on historical experience.  
 In November 2009, the Partnership modified equity awards issued in connection with a deferred compensation plan to, among other things:
(a) provide that deferred compensation payment to participating employees and senior managing directors generally would be satisfied by delivery of Blackstone common units instead of delivery of Partnership Units, (b) delay the delivery of
common units (following the applicable vesting dates) until anticipated trading window periods, to better facilitate participants’ liquidity to meet tax obligations and (c) ensure compliance with deferred compensation taxation rules. As
the fair value of Partnership Units on grant date is based on the closing price of Blackstone common units, there were no change in fair value of these awards as a result of the modification. As a result, there was no additional impact to
compensation expense.  
      207
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Equity-Based Awards with Performance Conditions  
 The Partnership has also granted certain equity-based awards with performance requirements. These awards are based on the performance of
certain businesses over a four year period beginning August 2013, relative to a predetermined threshold. Blackstone has determined that it is probable that the relevant performance thresholds will be exceeded in future periods and, therefore, has
recorded compensation expense since the beginning of the performance period of $3.8 million.      

 
 
 17. 
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
  Affiliate Receivables and Payables    Due from Affiliates and Due to Affiliates consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accrual for Potential Clawback of Previously Distributed Carried Interest 
    
 $ 
 1,686 
    
    
 $ 
 2,518 
    
 
   Advances Made on Behalf of Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone Employees Principally for Investments in
Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 331,558 
    
    
   
 253,597 
    
 
   Amounts Due from Portfolio Companies and Funds 
    
   
 319,758 
    
    
   
 372,820 
    
 
   Investments Redeemed in Non-Consolidated Funds of Hedge Funds 
    
   
 5,931 
    
    
   
 32,020 
    
 
   Management and Performance Fees Due from Non-Consolidated Funds 
    
   
 403,538 
    
    
   
 355,657 
    
 
   Payments Made on Behalf of Non-Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 178,326 
    
    
   
 111,796 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,240,797 
    
    
 $ 
 1,128,408 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Due to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Connection with the Tax Receivable Agreements 
    
 $ 
 1,201,543 
    
    
 $ 
 1,234,890 
    
 
   Accrual for Potential Repayment of Previously Received Performance Fees 
    
   
 3,356 
    
    
   
 3,889 
    
 
   Due to Note Holders of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
   
 8,231 
    
    
   
 16,881 
    
 
   Distributions Received on Behalf of Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone Employees 
    
   
 26,593 
    
    
   
 21,266 
    
 
   Payable to Affiliates for Consolidated Funds 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 22,447 
    
 
   Distributions Received on Behalf of Blackstone Entities 
    
   
 33,160 
    
    
   
 176,304 
    
 
   Payments Made by Non-Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 9,817 
    
    
   
 14,411 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,282,700 
    
    
 $ 
 1,490,088 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Interests of the Founder, Senior Managing Directors, Employees and Other Related Parties  
 The founder, senior managing directors, employees and certain other related parties invest on a discretionary basis in the consolidated
Blackstone Funds both directly and through consolidated entities. These investments generally are subject to preferential management fee and performance fee arrangements. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, such investments aggregated $746.3
million and $1.0 billion, respectively. Their share of the Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling and Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities aggregated  
      208
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
$49.0 million, $176.0 million and $224.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.    Revenues Earned from Affiliates    Management and Advisory Fees, Net earned
from affiliates totaled $210.7 million, $327.1 million and $253.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Fees relate primarily to transaction and monitoring fees which are negotiated in the ordinary
course of fundraising and investment activities.    Advances Made on Behalf of Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone
Employees    Advances Made on Behalf of Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone Employees Principally for
Investments in Blackstone Funds includes interest-bearing advances to certain Blackstone individuals to finance their investments in certain Blackstone Funds. These advances earn interest at Blackstone’s cost of borrowing and such interest
totaled $5.0 million, $2.9 million and $3.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.    Contingent
Repayment Guarantee    Blackstone and its personnel who have received Carried Interest distributions have guaranteed payment
on a several basis (subject to a cap) to the Carry Funds of any clawback obligation with respect to the excess Carried Interest allocated to the general partners of such funds and indirectly received thereby to the extent that either Blackstone or
its personnel fails to fulfill its clawback obligation, if any. The Accrual for Potential Repayment of Previously Received Performance Fees represents amounts previously paid to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would
need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the Carry Funds were to be liquidated based on the fair value of their underlying investments as of December 31, 2015. See Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies
— Contingent Obligations (Clawback)”.    Aircraft and Other Services  
 In the normal course of business, Blackstone personnel make use of aircraft owned as personal assets by Stephen A. Schwarzman; an aircraft
owned jointly as a personal asset by Hamilton E. James, Blackstone’s President and Chief Operating Officer, and Jonathan D. Gray, Blackstone’s Global Head of Real Estate and a Director of Blackstone; and an aircraft owned jointly as a
personal asset by Bennett J. Goodman, Co-Founder of GSO Capital and a Director of Blackstone, and another senior managing director (each such aircraft, “Personal Aircraft”). Mr. Schwarzman paid for his purchases of his Personal Aircraft
himself. Each of Mr. James and Mr. Gray paid for his respective interest in their jointly owned Personal Aircraft. Mr. Goodman paid for his interest in his jointly owned Personal Aircraft. Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. James, Mr. Gray and Mr. Goodman
respectively bear operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with the operation of such Personal Aircraft. Payment by Blackstone for the use of the Personal Aircraft by Blackstone employees is made based on market rates.  
 In addition, on occasion, certain of Blackstone’s executive officers and employee directors and their families may make use of
aircraft owned by Blackstone or in which Blackstone owns a fractional interest, as well as other assets of Blackstone. Any such personal use of Blackstone assets is charged to the executive officer or employee director based on market rates and
usage. Personal use of Blackstone resources is also reimbursed to Blackstone based on market rates.    The transactions
described herein are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      209
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Tax Receivable Agreements  
 Blackstone used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of non-voting common units to Beijing Wonderful Investments to
purchase interests in the predecessor businesses from the predecessor owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for Blackstone common units on a one-for-one basis.
The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings and therefore reduce the amount of tax that Blackstone’s wholly owned subsidiaries would
otherwise be required to pay in the future.    One of the subsidiaries of the Partnership which is a corporate taxpayer has
entered into tax receivable agreements with each of the predecessor owners and additional tax receivable agreements have been executed, and will continue to be executed, with newly-admitted senior managing directors and others who acquire Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units. The agreements provide for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to such owners of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the corporate taxpayers actually realize as a
result of the aforementioned increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into these tax receivable agreements. For purposes of the tax receivable agreements, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing
the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayers would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone
Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable agreements.  
 Primarily, as a result of the October 1, 2015 spin-off, there was a reduction of $82.7 million of the tax receivable agreement
liability due to pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above. Assuming no future material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization
of the assets, the expected future payments under the tax receivable agreements (which are taxable to the recipients) will aggregate $1.2 billion over the next 15 years. The after-tax net present value of these estimated payments totals $402.4
million assuming a 15% discount rate and using Blackstone’s most recent projections relating to the estimated timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreements in respect of subsequent exchanges would be
in addition to these amounts. The payments under the tax receivable agreements are not conditioned upon continued ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above. Subsequent to December 31, 2015,
payments totaling $79.0 million were made to certain pre-IPO owners and others mentioned above in accordance with the tax receivable agreement and related to tax benefits the Partnership received for the 2014 taxable year.  
 Amounts related to the deferred tax asset resulting from the increase in tax basis from the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units to Blackstone common units, the resulting remeasurement of net deferred tax assets at the Blackstone ownership percentage at the balance sheet date, the due to affiliates for the future payments resulting from the tax receivable agreements and
resulting adjustment to partners’ capital are included as Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders in the Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities in the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows.    Other    Blackstone does business with and on behalf of some of its Portfolio Companies; all such arrangements are on a negotiated basis.    Additionally, please see Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Guarantees” for information regarding guarantees provided to a lending institution for
certain loans held by employees.  
      210
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      


 
 
 18. 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
  Commitments  
 Operating Leases    The
Partnership leases office space under non-cancelable lease and sublease agreements, which expire on various dates through 2032. Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to base rentals, generally are subject to escalation provisions based on certain
costs incurred by the landlord, and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement. Rent expense includes base contractual rent and variable costs such as building expenses, utilities, taxes and insurance. Rent expense
for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, was $112.0 million, $97.2 million and $78.6 million, respectively. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Partnership maintained irrevocable standby letters of credit and cash deposits as
security for the leases of $15.7 million and $8.5 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate minimum future payments, net of sublease income, required on the operating leases are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 75,076 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 74,629 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 72,207 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 67,579 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 63,407 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 490,835 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 843,733 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Investment Commitments    Blackstone had $2.0 billion of investment commitments as of December 31, 2015 representing general partner capital funding commitments to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to
other funds and Blackstone principal investment commitments. The consolidated Blackstone Funds had signed investment commitments of $48.6 million as of December 31, 2015 which includes $31.6 million of signed investment commitments for
portfolio company acquisitions in the process of closing.    Contingencies    Guarantees    Certain of Blackstone’s consolidated real estate funds
guarantee payments to third parties in connection with the on-going business activities and/or acquisitions of their Portfolio Companies. There is no direct recourse to the Partnership to fulfill such obligations. To the extent that underlying funds
are required to fulfill guarantee obligations, the Partnership’s invested capital in such funds is at risk. Total investments at risk in respect of guarantees extended by consolidated real estate funds was $21.5 million as of December 31,
2015.    The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provided guarantees to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees
either for investment in Blackstone Funds or for members’ capital contributions to Blackstone International Partners LLP. The amount guaranteed as of December 31, 2015 was $126.2 million.  
      211
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  Litigation    From time to time, Blackstone is named as a defendant in legal actions relating to transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such
legal actions, in the opinion of management, Blackstone does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceeding or claim that would individually or in the aggregate materially affect its results of operations, financial position
or cash flows.    Contingent Obligations (Clawback)    Carried Interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the Carried Interest received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The
actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim
clawback liability. The lives of the carry funds, including available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated to expire at
various points through 2028. Further extensions of such terms may be implemented under given circumstances. If, at December 31, 2015, all of the investments held by the carry funds were deemed worthless, a possibility that management views as
remote, the amount of carried interest subject to potential clawback would be $4.4 billion, on an after tax basis where applicable, of which $4.1 billion related to Blackstone Holdings and $370.5 million related to current and former Blackstone
personnel.    For financial reporting purposes, the general partners have recorded a liability for potential clawback
obligations to the limited partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund’s remaining investments and where the fund’s general partner has previously received Carried Interest distributions with
respect to such fund’s realized investments.    The following table presents the clawback obligations by segment:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   Segment 
    
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
    
 Current and Former Personnel 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
    
 Current and Former Personnel 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Real Estate 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 130 
    
    
 $ 
 1,647 
    
    
 $ 
 1,777 
    
 
   Credit 
    
   
 1,670 
    
    
   
 1,686 
    
    
   
 3,356 
    
    
   
 1,241 
    
    
   
 871 
    
    
   
 2,112 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,670 
    
    
 $ 
 1,686 
    
    
 $ 
 3,356 
    
    
 $ 
 1,371 
    
    
 $ 
 2,518 
    
    
 $ 
 3,889 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A portion of the Carried Interest paid to current and former Blackstone personnel is held in segregated
accounts in the event of a cash clawback obligation. These segregated accounts are not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Partnership, except to the extent a portion of the assets held in the segregated accounts may be
allocated to a consolidated Blackstone fund of hedge funds. At December 31, 2015, $582.7 million was held in segregated accounts for the purpose of meeting any clawback obligations of current and former personnel if such payments are required.
     

 
 
 19. 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS  
  The Partnership provides a 401(k) plan (the “Plan”) for eligible employees in the United States. For certain
administrative employees who are eligible for participation in the Plan, the Partnership makes a non-elective  
      212
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  
contribution of 2% of such employee’s annual compensation up to a maximum of one thousand six hundred dollars regardless of whether the employee makes any elective contributions to the Plan.
In addition, the Partnership will also contribute 50% of certain eligible employee’s contribution to the Plan with a maximum matching contribution of one thousand six hundred dollars. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
the Partnership incurred expenses of $2.0 million, $1.9 million and $1.7 million in connection with such Plan.    The
Partnership provides a defined contribution plan for eligible employees in the United Kingdom (“U.K. Plan”). All United Kingdom employees are eligible to contribute to the U.K. Plan after three months of qualifying service. The Partnership
contributes a percentage of an employee’s annual salary, subject to United Kingdom statutory restrictions, on a monthly basis for administrative employees of the Partnership based upon the age of the employee. For the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Partnership incurred expenses of $0.8 million, $0.7 million and $0.4 million, respectively, in connection with the U.K. Plan.  
   

 
 
 20. 
 REGULATED ENTITIES  
  The Partnership has a registered broker-dealer that is subject to the minimum net capital requirements of the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). This entity has continuously operated in excess of these requirements. The Partnership also has certain entities based in London, Hong Kong and Ireland, which are subject to the capital
requirements of the Financial Conduct Authority, the Securities & Future Commission and the Central Bank of Ireland, respectively. These entities have continuously operated in excess of their regulatory capital requirements.  
 Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. entities are subject to various investment adviser, commodity pool operator and trader regulations. This
includes a number of U.S. entities that are registered as investment advisers with the SEC.    The regulatory capital
requirements referred to above may restrict the Partnership’s ability to withdraw capital from its entities. At December 31, 2015, $24.8 million of net assets of consolidated entities may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends
and advances to the Partnership.      

 
 
 21. 
 SEGMENT REPORTING  
  Blackstone transacts its primary business in the United States and substantially all of its revenues are generated
domestically.    Blackstone conducts its alternative asset management businesses through four segments:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Private Equity — Blackstone’s Private Equity segment comprises its management of private equity funds, certain opportunistic investment funds
and secondary private funds of funds.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Real Estate — Blackstone’s Real Estate segment primarily comprises its management of global, European focused and Asian focused opportunistic
real estate funds as well as core+ funds. In addition, the segment has debt investment funds and a publicly traded REIT targeting non-controlling real estate debt-related investment opportunities in the public and private markets, primarily in the
United States and Europe.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge Fund Solutions — Blackstone’s Hedge Fund Solutions segment is comprised principally of Blackstone Alternative Asset Management
(“BAAM”), which manages a broad range of commingled and customized hedge fund of fund solutions. The Hedge Fund Solutions business also includes investment platforms that seed new hedge fund talent, purchase ownership interests in more
established hedge funds, invest in special situation opportunities, create alternative solutions in regulated structures and trade long and short public equities.  
      213
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit — Blackstone’s Credit segment, which consists principally of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”), manages credit-focused
products within private and public debt market strategies. GSO’s products include senior credit-focused funds, mezzanine funds, distressed debt funds, general credit-focused funds, registered investment companies, separately managed accounts
and CLO vehicles.    These business segments are differentiated by their various sources of income. The
Private Equity, Real Estate, Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit segments primarily earn their income from management fees and investment returns on assets under management.    Blackstone uses Economic Income (“EI”) as a key measure of value creation, a benchmark of its performance and in making resource deployment and compensation decisions across its four segments.
EI represents segment net income before taxes excluding transaction-related charges. Transaction-related charges arise from Blackstone’s IPO and long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions,
including acquisitions. Transaction-related charges include equity-based compensation charges, the amortization of intangible assets and contingent consideration associated with acquisitions. EI presents revenues and expenses on a basis that
deconsolidates the investment funds Blackstone manages. Economic Net Income (“ENI”) represents EI adjusted to include current period taxes. Taxes represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision
for Taxes.    Management makes operating decisions and assesses the performance of each of Blackstone’s business segments
based on financial and operating metrics and data that is presented without the consolidation of any of the Blackstone Funds that are consolidated into the Consolidated Financial Statements. Consequently, all segment data excludes the assets,
liabilities and operating results related to the Blackstone Funds.    On October 1, 2015, Blackstone completed the
previously-announced spin-off of the operations that historically constituted Blackstone’s Financial Advisory segment, other than Blackstone’s capital markets services business. Blackstone’s capital markets services business was
retained and was not part of the spin-off. The financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services and Park Hill Group businesses were spun-off from Blackstone and combined with PJT Capital LP, an
independent financial advisory firm founded by Paul J. Taubman, to form an independent, publicly traded company called PJT Partners Inc. Each common unitholder of Blackstone received one share of Class A common stock of PJT Partners Inc. for
every 40 common units of Blackstone held by such unitholder on the record date. The historical Financial Advisory segment comprised financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets
services and Park Hill Group, which provided fund placement services for alternative investment funds. As of October 1, 2015, Blackstone no longer reports a Financial Advisory segment. Results of the Financial Advisory segment are included
herein for comparative purposes only. As a result of the spin-off on October 1, 2015 of Blackstone’s Financial Advisory business, which did not include Blackstone’s capital markets services business, the result of Blackstone’s
capital markets services business were reclassified from the Financial Advisory segment to the Private Equity segment. All prior periods have been recast to reflect this reclassification.  
      214
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table presents the financial data for Blackstone’s four segments as
of and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. As a result of the spin-off on October 1, 2015, the former Financial Advisory segment no longer reports results. The historical Financial Advisory information is included for
comparative purposes.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2015 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Financial Advisory 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 502,640 
    
   
 $ 
 668,575 
    
   
 $ 
 524,386 
    
   
 $ 
 500,982 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 2,196,583 
    
 
   Advisory Fees 
   
   
 10,561 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 297,570 
    
   
   
 308,131 
    
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 36,258 
    
   
   
 110,577 
    
   
   
 317 
    
   
   
 6,371 
    
   
   
 162 
    
   
   
 153,685 
    
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (36,760 
 )  
   
   
 (26,840 
 )  
   
   
 171 
    
   
   
 (30,065 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (93,494 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
   
 512,699 
    
   
   
 752,312 
    
   
   
 524,874 
    
   
   
 477,288 
    
   
   
 297,732 
    
   
   
 2,564,905 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 1,474,987 
    
   
   
 1,634,733 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 96,156 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,205,876 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 17,153 
    
   
   
 68,197 
    
   
   
 109,396 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 194,746 
    
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (717,955 
 )  
   
   
 (680,542 
 )  
   
   
 2,021 
    
   
   
 (198,820 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,595,296 
 )  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 20,802 
    
   
   
 (8,084 
 )  
   
   
 (19,967 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (7,249 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 757,032 
    
   
   
 992,146 
    
   
   
 62,134 
    
   
   
 (13,235 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,798,077 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 189,649 
    
   
   
 235,582 
    
   
   
 (12,741 
 )  
   
   
 7,186 
    
   
   
 (868 
 )  
   
   
 418,808 
    
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 (116,338 
 )  
   
   
 (231,889 
 )  
   
   
 (1,435 
 )  
   
   
 (16,258 
 )  
   
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 (365,959 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
   
   
 73,311 
    
   
   
 3,693 
    
   
   
 (14,176 
 )  
   
   
 (9,072 
 )  
   
   
 (907 
 )  
   
   
 52,849 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 33,218 
    
   
   
 43,990 
    
   
   
 17,274 
    
   
   
 24,599 
    
   
   
 12,520 
    
   
   
 131,601 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 5,854 
    
   
   
 (1,422 
 )  
   
   
 200 
    
   
   
 5,171 
    
   
   
 (1,303 
 )  
   
   
 8,500 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 1,382,114 
    
   
   
 1,790,719 
    
   
   
 590,306 
    
   
   
 484,751 
    
   
   
 308,042 
    
   
   
 4,555,932 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 280,248 
    
   
   
 358,381 
    
   
   
 179,484 
    
   
   
 190,189 
    
   
   
 180,917 
    
   
   
 1,189,219 
    
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 256,922 
    
   
   
 484,037 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 52,841 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 793,800 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,678 
    
   
   
 27,155 
    
   
   
 50,113 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 85,946 
    
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 (10,172 
 )  
   
   
 (196,347 
 )  
   
   
 823 
    
   
   
 (107,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (312,696 
 )  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,817 
    
   
   
 (2,912 
 )  
   
   
 (8,395 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,490 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 526,998 
    
   
   
 663,566 
    
   
   
 204,550 
    
   
   
 177,748 
    
   
   
 180,917 
    
   
   
 1,753,779 
    
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 199,158 
    
   
   
 179,175 
    
   
   
 90,072 
    
   
   
 93,626 
    
   
   
 62,326 
    
   
   
 624,357 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 726,156 
    
   
   
 842,741 
    
   
   
 294,622 
    
   
   
 271,374 
    
   
   
 243,243 
    
   
   
 2,378,136 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 655,958 
    
   
 $ 
 947,978 
    
   
 $ 
 295,684 
    
   
 $ 
 213,377 
    
   
 $ 
 64,799 
    
   
 $ 
 2,177,796 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Assets 
   
 $ 
 5,680,315 
    
   
 $ 
 7,456,507 
    
   
 $ 
 1,916,956 
    
   
 $ 
 2,725,585 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 17,779,363 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      215
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2014 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Financial Advisory 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 415,841 
    
   
 $ 
 628,502 
    
   
 $ 
 482,981 
    
   
 $ 
 460,205 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,987,529 
    
 
   Advisory Fees 
   
   
 21,903 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 398,942 
    
   
   
 420,845 
    
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 135,718 
    
   
   
 91,610 
    
   
   
 569 
    
   
   
 18,161 
    
   
   
 379 
    
   
   
 246,437 
    
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (19,146 
 )  
   
   
 (34,443 
 )  
   
   
 (5,014 
 )  
   
   
 (28,168 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (86,771 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
   
 554,316 
    
   
   
 685,669 
    
   
   
 478,536 
    
   
   
 450,198 
    
   
   
 399,321 
    
   
   
 2,568,040 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 754,402 
    
   
   
 1,487,762 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 208,432 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,450,596 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,499 
    
   
   
 140,529 
    
   
   
 109,717 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 261,745 
    
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 1,222,828 
    
   
   
 524,046 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (37,913 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,708,961 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,521 
 )  
   
   
 (879 
 )  
   
   
 (23,025 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (29,425 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 1,977,230 
    
   
   
 2,017,786 
    
   
   
 139,650 
    
   
   
 257,211 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,391,877 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 202,719 
    
   
   
 309,095 
    
   
   
 21,550 
    
   
   
 9,354 
    
   
   
 707 
    
   
   
 543,425 
    
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 (23,914 
 )  
   
   
 (58,930 
 )  
   
   
 5,132 
    
   
   
 5,055 
    
   
   
 860 
    
   
   
 (71,797 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 178,805 
    
   
   
 250,165 
    
   
   
 26,682 
    
   
   
 14,409 
    
   
   
 1,567 
    
   
   
 471,628 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 21,993 
    
   
   
 30,197 
    
   
   
 11,114 
    
   
   
 23,040 
    
   
   
 10,000 
    
   
   
 96,344 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 6,569 
    
   
   
 2,863 
    
   
   
 1,855 
    
   
   
 (2,310 
 )  
   
   
 428 
    
   
   
 9,405 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 2,738,913 
    
   
   
 2,986,680 
    
   
   
 657,837 
    
   
   
 742,548 
    
   
   
 411,316 
    
   
   
 7,537,294 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 280,499 
    
   
   
 326,317 
    
   
   
 131,658 
    
   
   
 188,200 
    
   
   
 226,837 
    
   
   
 1,153,511 
    
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 266,393 
    
   
   
 432,996 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 116,254 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 815,643 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,980 
    
   
   
 42,451 
    
   
   
 61,668 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 110,099 
    
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 210,446 
    
   
   
 197,174 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (28,583 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 379,037 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,751 
 )  
   
   
 (273 
 )  
   
   
 (16,252 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (19,276 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 757,338 
    
   
   
 959,716 
    
   
   
 173,836 
    
   
   
 321,287 
    
   
   
 226,837 
    
   
   
 2,439,014 
    
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 143,562 
    
   
   
 146,083 
    
   
   
 86,129 
    
   
   
 90,524 
    
   
   
 87,484 
    
   
   
 553,782 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 900,900 
    
   
   
 1,105,799 
    
   
   
 259,965 
    
   
   
 411,811 
    
   
   
 314,321 
    
   
   
 2,992,796 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 1,838,013 
    
   
 $ 
 1,880,881 
    
   
 $ 
 397,872 
    
   
 $ 
 330,737 
    
   
 $ 
 96,995 
    
   
 $ 
 4,544,498 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Assets 
   
 $ 
 6,134,869 
    
   
 $ 
 8,032,854 
    
   
 $ 
 1,472,992 
    
   
 $ 
 2,592,313 
    
   
 $ 
 866,595 
    
   
 $ 
 19,099,623 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      216
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Financial Advisory 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 368,146 
    
   
 $ 
 565,182 
    
   
 $ 
 409,321 
    
   
 $ 
 398,158 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,740,807 
    
 
   Advisory Fees 
    
   
 24,313 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 386,201 
    
   
   
 410,514 
    
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 97,678 
    
   
   
 79,675 
    
   
   
 623 
    
   
   
 28,586 
    
   
   
 415 
    
   
   
 206,977 
    
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
    
   
 (5,683 
 )  
   
   
 (22,821 
 )  
   
   
 (3,387 
 )  
   
   
 (40,329 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (72,220 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
   
 484,454 
    
   
   
 622,036 
    
   
   
 406,557 
    
   
   
 386,415 
    
   
   
 386,616 
    
   
   
 2,286,078 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 329,993 
    
   
   
 486,773 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 127,192 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 943,958 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 45,862 
    
   
   
 207,735 
    
   
   
 220,736 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 474,333 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 398,232 
    
   
   
 1,651,700 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 108,078 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,158,010 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (28,753 
 )  
   
   
 7,718 
    
   
   
 1,107 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (19,928 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
    
   
 728,225 
    
   
   
 2,155,582 
    
   
   
 215,453 
    
   
   
 457,113 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,556,373 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 88,026 
    
   
   
 52,359 
    
   
   
 27,613 
    
   
   
 4,098 
    
   
   
 (1,625 
 )  
   
   
 170,471 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 161,749 
    
   
   
 350,201 
    
   
   
 (9,306 
 )  
   
   
 13,951 
    
   
   
 739 
    
   
   
 517,334 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
    
   
 249,775 
    
   
   
 402,560 
    
   
   
 18,307 
    
   
   
 18,049 
    
   
   
 (886 
 )  
   
   
 687,805 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 15,625 
    
   
   
 21,563 
    
   
   
 7,605 
    
   
   
 18,146 
    
   
   
 7,997 
    
   
   
 70,936 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 4,259 
    
   
   
 3,384 
    
   
   
 688 
    
   
   
 527 
    
   
   
 1,450 
    
   
   
 10,308 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 1,482,338 
    
   
   
 3,205,125 
    
   
   
 648,610 
    
   
   
 880,250 
    
   
   
 395,177 
    
   
   
 6,611,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 240,150 
    
   
   
 294,222 
    
   
   
 136,470 
    
   
   
 186,514 
    
   
   
 258,284 
    
   
   
 1,115,640 
    
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 38,953 
    
   
   
 148,837 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 69,411 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 257,201 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 23,878 
    
   
   
 65,793 
    
   
   
 111,244 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 200,915 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 342,733 
    
   
   
 566,837 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 57,147 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 966,717 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (15,015 
 )  
   
   
 2,856 
    
   
   
 508 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,651 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 621,836 
    
   
   
 1,018,759 
    
   
   
 205,119 
    
   
   
 424,824 
    
   
   
 258,284 
    
   
   
 2,528,822 
    
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 124,499 
    
   
   
 116,391 
    
   
   
 66,966 
    
   
   
 96,940 
    
   
   
 81,843 
    
   
   
 486,639 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 746,335 
    
   
   
 1,135,150 
    
   
   
 272,085 
    
   
   
 521,764 
    
   
   
 340,127 
    
   
   
 3,015,461 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 736,003 
    
   
 $ 
 2,069,975 
    
   
 $ 
 376,525 
    
   
 $ 
 358,486 
    
   
 $ 
 55,050 
    
   
 $ 
 3,596,039 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      217
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      
  The following table reconciles the Total Segments to Blackstone’s Income Before
Provision for Taxes and Total Assets as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Total Segments 
   
    
 Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
   
   
 Blackstone Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 4,555,932 
    
    
 $ 
 90,620 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 4,646,552 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
 $ 
 2,378,136 
    
    
 $ 
 712,739 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 3,090,875 
    
 
   Other Income 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 259,071 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 259,071 
    
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 2,177,796 
    
    
 $ 
 (363,048 
 )(d)  
   
 $ 
 1,814,748 
    
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 17,779,363 
    
    
 $ 
 4,746,717 
 (e)  
   
 $ 
 22,526,080 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Total Segments 
   
    
 Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
   
   
 Blackstone Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 7,537,294 
    
    
 $ 
 (52,566 
 )(a)  
   
 $ 
 7,484,728 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
 $ 
 2,992,796 
    
    
 $ 
 863,060 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 3,855,856 
    
 
   Other Income 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 357,854 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 357,854 
    
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 4,544,498 
    
    
 $ 
 (557,772 
 )(d)  
   
 $ 
 3,986,726 
    
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 19,099,623 
    
    
 $ 
 12,397,474 
 (e)  
   
 $ 
 31,497,097 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Total Segments 
   
    
 Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
   
   
 Blackstone Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 6,611,500 
    
    
 $ 
 1,668 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 6,613,168 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
 $ 
 3,015,461 
    
    
 $ 
 851,279 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 3,866,740 
    
 
   Other Income 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 402,133 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 402,133 
    
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 3,596,039 
    
    
 $ 
 (447,478 
 )(d)  
   
 $ 
 3,148,561 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Revenues adjustment represents management and performance fees earned from Blackstone Funds which were eliminated in consolidation to arrive at Blackstone
consolidated revenues and non-segment related Investment Income, which is included in Blackstone consolidated revenues.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The Expenses adjustment represents the addition of expenses of the consolidated Blackstone Funds to the Blackstone unconsolidated expenses, amortization of intangibles
and expenses related to transaction-related equity-based compensation to arrive at Blackstone consolidated expenses.  
      218
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      

 
 
 (c) 
 The Other Income adjustment results from the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Fund Management Fees and Performance Fees Eliminated in Consolidation and Transactional Investment Loss 
    
 $ 
 (100,657 
 )  
    
 $ 
 52,219 
    
    
 $ 
 (5,575 
 )  
 
   Fund Expenses Added in Consolidation 
    
   
 48,239 
    
    
   
 19,169 
    
    
   
 30,727 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Income of Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 231,045 
    
    
   
 409,864 
    
    
   
 381,872 
    
 
   Transaction-Related Other Income (Loss) 
    
   
 80,444 
    
    
   
 (123,398 
 )  
    
   
 (4,891 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
    
 $ 
 259,071 
    
    
 $ 
 357,854 
    
    
 $ 
 402,133 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (d) 
 The reconciliation of Economic Income to Income Before Provision for Taxes as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations consists of the following:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 2,177,796 
    
    
 $ 
 4,544,498 
    
    
 $ 
 3,596,039 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjustments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of Intangibles 
    
   
 (104,530 
 )  
    
   
 (111,254 
 )  
    
   
 (106,643 
 )  
 
   IPO and Acquisition-Related Charges 
    
   
 (489,563 
 )  
    
   
 (856,382 
 )  
    
   
 (722,707 
 )  
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Income of Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 231,045 
    
    
   
 409,864 
    
    
   
 381,872 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
    
   
 (363,048 
 )  
    
   
 (557,772 
 )  
    
   
 (447,478 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 1,814,748 
    
    
 $ 
 3,986,726 
    
    
 $ 
 3,148,561 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (e) 
 The Total Assets adjustment represents the addition of assets of the consolidated Blackstone Funds to the Blackstone unconsolidated assets to arrive at Blackstone
consolidated assets.      

 
 
 22. 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
  There have been no events since December 31, 2015 that require recognition or disclosure in the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  
      219
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)      


 
 
 23. 
 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 2015 (a) 
   
    
 June 30, 2015 
   
    
 September 30, 2015 
   
   
 December 31, 2015 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 2,512,358 
    
    
 $ 
 1,225,202 
    
    
 $ 
 11,573 
    
   
 $ 
 897,419 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
   
 1,142,568 
    
    
   
 914,432 
    
    
   
 476,997 
    
   
   
 556,878 
    
 
   Other Income (Loss) 
    
   
 93,555 
    
    
   
 82,015 
    
    
   
 (16,867 
 )  
   
   
 100,368 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 1,463,345 
    
    
 $ 
 392,785 
    
    
 $ 
 (482,291 
 )  
   
 $ 
 440,909 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
    
 $ 
 1,364,001 
    
    
 $ 
 349,534 
    
    
 $ 
 (483,864 
 )  
   
 $ 
 394,679 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 629,448 
    
    
 $ 
 134,168 
    
    
 $ 
 (254,697 
 )  
   
 $ 
 200,870 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.01 
    
    
 $ 
 0.21 
    
    
 $ 
 (0.40 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.31 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.00 
    
    
 $ 
 0.21 
    
    
 $ 
 (0.40 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.23 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared (b) 
    
 $ 
 0.78 
    
    
 $ 
 0.89 
    
    
 $ 
 0.74 
    
   
 $ 
 0.49 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2014 
   
    
 September 30, 2014 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,526,668 
    
    
 $ 
 2,257,860 
    
    
 $ 
 1,679,426 
    
    
 $ 
 2,020,774 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
   
 887,851 
    
    
   
 1,089,781 
    
    
   
 1,055,138 
    
    
   
 823,086 
    
 
   Other Income 
    
   
 70,155 
    
    
   
 138,585 
    
    
   
 8,682 
    
    
   
 140,432 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 708,972 
    
    
 $ 
 1,306,664 
    
    
 $ 
 632,970 
    
    
 $ 
 1,338,120 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 654,875 
    
    
 $ 
 1,223,382 
    
    
 $ 
 553,862 
    
    
 $ 
 1,263,434 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 265,617 
    
    
 $ 
 517,016 
    
    
 $ 
 250,505 
    
    
 $ 
 551,451 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.44 
    
    
 $ 
 0.85 
    
    
 $ 
 0.41 
    
    
 $ 
 0.90 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.44 
    
    
 $ 
 0.85 
    
    
 $ 
 0.41 
    
    
 $ 
 0.89 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared (b) 
    
 $ 
 0.58 
    
    
 $ 
 0.35 
    
    
 $ 
 0.55 
    
    
 $ 
 0.44 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Blackstone adopted new GAAP consolidation guidance for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and applied a modified retrospective approach as of January 1, 2015.
Adoption did not change Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, but did change Revenues, Expenses, Other Income (Loss), Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes and Net Income (Loss). Such
amounts have been recast here from the amounts originally reported for the quarter ended March 31, 2015.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Distributions declared reflects the calendar date of the declaration of each distribution.  
      220
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 8A. 
 UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTAL PRESENTATION OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION    THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.    Unaudited Consolidating Statements of
Financial Condition    (Dollars in Thousands)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 Consolidated Operating Partnerships 
   
   
 Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
   
    
 Reclasses and Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,837,324 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,837,324 
    
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 148,660 
    
   
   
 438,472 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 587,132 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 10,186,419 
    
   
   
 4,591,465 
    
    
   
 (453,787 
 )  
   
   
 14,324,097 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 461,610 
    
   
   
 151,543 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 613,153 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 204,893 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 204,893 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 1,224,692 
    
   
   
 25,722 
    
    
   
 (9,617 
 )  
   
   
 1,240,797 
    
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
   
 345,547 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 345,547 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,718,519 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,718,519 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 374,270 
    
   
   
 2,919 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 377,189 
    
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 1,277,429 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,277,429 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 17,779,363 
    
   
 $ 
 5,210,121 
    
    
 $ 
 (463,404 
 )  
   
 $ 
 22,526,080 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 2,797,060 
    
   
 $ 
 3,319,687 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 6,116,747 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 1,244,748 
    
   
   
 50,892 
    
    
   
 (12,940 
 )  
   
   
 1,282,700 
    
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,029,900 
    
   
   
 18 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,029,918 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 99,392 
    
   
   
 77,275 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 176,667 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 970 
    
   
   
 39,959 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 40,929 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 422,905 
    
   
   
 225,757 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 648,662 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 6,594,975 
    
   
   
 3,713,588 
    
    
   
 (12,940 
 )  
   
   
 10,295,623 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 183,459 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 183,459 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 6,323,025 
    
   
   
 450,417 
    
    
   
 (451,135 
 )  
   
   
 6,322,307 
    
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 (53,190 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 671 
    
   
   
 (52,519 
 )  
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 1,546,044 
    
   
   
 862,657 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,408,701 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 3,368,509 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,368,509 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 11,184,388 
    
   
   
 1,313,074 
    
    
   
 (450,464 
 )  
   
   
 12,046,998 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 17,779,363 
    
   
 $ 
 5,210,121 
    
    
 $ 
 (463,404 
 )  
   
 $ 
 22,526,080 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      221
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Unaudited Consolidating Statements of Financial Condition    (Dollars in Thousands)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Consolidated Operating Partnerships 
   
   
 Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
   
    
 Reclasses and Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,412,472 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,412,472 
    
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 348,957 
    
   
   
 1,459,135 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,808,092 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 12,123,708 
    
   
   
 11,835,242 
    
    
   
 (1,193,361 
 )  
   
   
 22,765,589 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 364,927 
    
   
   
 194,394 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 559,321 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 1,060,831 
    
   
   
 723,285 
    
    
   
 (655,708 
 )  
   
   
 1,128,408 
    
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
   
 458,833 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 458,833 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,787,392 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,787,392 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 276,476 
    
   
   
 48,284 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 324,760 
    
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 1,252,230 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,252,230 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 19,085,826 
    
   
 $ 
 14,260,340 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,849,069 
 )  
   
 $ 
 31,497,097 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 2,136,706 
    
   
 $ 
 6,787,135 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 8,923,841 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 1,289,552 
    
   
   
 1,350,911 
    
    
   
 (1,150,375 
 )  
   
   
 1,490,088 
    
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,439,257 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,439,257 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 85,878 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 85,878 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 29,907 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 29,907 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 430,712 
    
   
   
 763,867 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,194,579 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 6,296,227 
    
   
   
 9,017,698 
    
    
   
 (1,150,375 
 )  
   
   
 14,163,550 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,441,854 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,441,854 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 6,999,830 
    
   
   
 698,694 
    
    
   
 (698,694 
 )  
   
   
 6,999,830 
    
 
   Appropriated Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81,301 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81,301 
    
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 (21,932 
 )  
   
   
 1,068 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (20,864 
 )  
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 1,395,631 
    
   
   
 2,019,725 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,415,356 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 4,416,070 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,416,070 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 12,789,599 
    
   
   
 2,800,788 
    
    
   
 (698,694 
 )  
   
   
 14,891,693 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 19,085,826 
    
   
 $ 
 14,260,340 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,849,069 
 )  
   
 $ 
 31,497,097 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Consolidated Blackstone Funds consisted of the following:    Blackstone AG Investment Partners L.P.*    Blackstone Distressed Securities Fund
L.P.*    Blackstone Market Opportunities Fund L.P.*    Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI.C — ESH L.P.    Blackstone Real
Estate Special Situations Fund L.P.    Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Offshore Fund Ltd.  
 Blackstone Strategic Alliance Fund II L.P.*    Blackstone Strategic Alliance Fund L.P.  
      222
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Blackstone Strategic Capital Holdings B L.P.*  
 Blackstone Strategic Capital Holdings L.P.*    Blackstone Strategic Equity Fund L.P.*    Blackstone Value Recovery Fund L.P.*
   Blackstone/GSO Loan Financing Limited    Blackstone/GSO Secured Trust Ltd.*    BREP Edens Investment Partners L.P.*
   BSSF I AIV L.P.    BTD CP Holdings, LP    GSO Legacy Associates II LLC  
 GSO Legacy Associates LLC    Shanghai Blackstone Equity Investment Partnership L.P.*    Private equity
side-by-side investment vehicles    Real estate side-by-side investment vehicles  
 Mezzanine side-by-side investment vehicles    Collateralized loan obligation vehicles      
 * Consolidated as of December 31, 2014 only.      
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The
design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired objectives.    Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act as
of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective at the reasonable assurance level to accomplish their objectives of ensuring that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    No changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a — 15(f) and 15d — 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) occurred during our most recent quarter, that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      223
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 Management of The Blackstone Group L.P. and subsidiaries (“Blackstone”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
 Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of Blackstone’s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
   Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2015 based on the framework established in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has
determined that Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 was effective.  
 Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited Blackstone’s financial statements
included in this report on Form 10-K and issued its report on the effectiveness of Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, which is included herein.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION    Section 13(r)
Disclosure    Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012
(“ITRA”), which added Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, Blackstone hereby incorporates by reference herein Exhibit 99.1 of each of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2015, August 6, 2015 and
November 5, 2015 as well as Exhibit 99.1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which includes disclosures publicly filed and/or provided to us by Travelport Limited, which may be considered our affiliate.  
      224
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART III.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    Directors and Executive Officers of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.    The
directors and executive officers of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. as of the date of this filing, are:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
   Age 
   
    
   Position 


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 69 
    
    
 Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 65 
    
    
 President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
   
 67 
    
    
 Vice Chairman and Director 
 
   Bennett J. Goodman 
    
   
 58 
    
    
 Co-Founder of GSO Capital Partners and Director 
 
   Jonathan D. Gray 
    
   
 46 
    
    
 Global Head of Real Estate and Director 
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 47 
    
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
   John G. Finley 
    
   
 59 
    
    
 Chief Legal Officer 
 
   Joan Solotar 
    
   
 51 
    
    
 Senior Managing Director — Head of Multi-Asset Investing and External Relations 
 
   Peter T. Grauer 
    
   
 70 
    
    
 Director 
 
   Richard H. Jenrette 
    
   
 86 
    
    
 Director 
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
   
 68 
    
    
 Director 
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
   
 74 
    
    
 Director 
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
   
 76 
    
    
 Director 
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
   
 70 
    
    
 Director 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman  is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone and the
Chairman of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Schwarzman was elected Chairman of the board of directors of our general partner effective March 20, 2007. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee.
Mr. Schwarzman is a founder of Blackstone and has been involved in all phases of the firm’s development since its founding in 1985. Mr. Schwarzman began his career at Lehman Brothers, where he was elected Managing Director in 1978. He
was engaged principally in the firm’s mergers and acquisitions business from 1977 to 1984, and served as Chairman of the firm’s Mergers & Acquisitions Committee in 1983 and 1984. Mr. Schwarzman is an active philanthropist
with a history of supporting education and schools. Whether in business or in philanthropy, he has always attempted to tackle big problems and find transformative solutions. In 2015, Mr. Schwarzman donated $150 million to Yale University to
establish the Schwarzman Center, a first-of-its-kind campus center in Yale’s historic “Commons” building. In 2013, he founded an international scholarship program, “Schwarzman Scholars,” at Tsinghua University in Beijing to
educate future leaders about China. At $450 million, the program is modeled on the Rhodes Scholarship and is the single largest philanthropic effort in China’s history coming largely from international donors. In 2007, Mr. Schwarzman
donated $100 million to the New York Public Library on whose board he serves. Mr. Schwarzman is a member of The Council on Foreign Relations, The Business Council, The Business Roundtable, and The International Business Council of the World
Economic Forum. He is co-chair of the Partnership for New York City and serves on the boards of The Asia Society and New York Presbyterian Hospital, as well as on The Advisory Board of the School of Economics and Management at Tsinghua University,
Beijing. He is a Trustee of The Frick Collection in New York City and Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. In 2007, Mr. Schwarzman was included in TIME’s “100 Most
Influential People.” Mr. Schwarzman was awarded the Légion d’Honneur of France in 2007 and promoted to Officier in 2010. Mr. Schwarzman holds a BA from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He has served
as an adjunct professor at the Yale School of Management and on the Harvard Business School Board of Dean’s Advisors.  
 Hamilton E. James  is President and Chief Operating Officer of Blackstone and a member of the board of directors of our
general partner. Mr. James was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective March 20, 2007. He is also a member of Blackstone’s Management Committee and sits on each of the firm’s
 
      225
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
investment committees. Prior to joining Blackstone in 2002, Mr. James was Chairman of Global Investment Banking and Private Equity at Credit Suisse First Boston and a member of its Executive
Board. Prior to the acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette (DLJ) by Credit Suisse First Boston in 2000, Mr. James was the Chairman of DLJ’s Banking Group, responsible for all the firm’s investment banking and merchant
banking activities. Mr. James joined DLJ in 1975 as an Investment Banking associate. He became head of DLJ’s global mergers and acquisitions group in 1982, founded DLJ Merchant Banking, Inc. in 1985, and was named Chairman of the Banking
Group in 1995. Mr. James is a Director of Costco Wholesale Corporation and has served on a number of other corporate boards. Mr. James is a Commissioner of The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, a Trustee of The Metropolitan Museum
of Art, member of The Boards of Trustees of Mount Sinai Health System, member of The Center for American Progress Board of Trustees, Vice Chairman of Trout Unlimited’s Coldwater Conservations Fund, Trustee of Woods Hole Oceanographic
Institution, Advisory Board Member of the Montana Land Reliance, Trustee of the Wildlife Conservation Society and Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Trustees of American Ballet Theatre. He is also a former member of the President’s Export
Council — Subcommittee on Technology & Competitiveness. Mr. James received a BA from Harvard College and an MBA from Harvard Business School.    J. Tomilson Hill  is President and Chief Executive Officer of BAAM, a Vice Chairman of Blackstone and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Hill was elected to
the board of directors of our general partner effective March 20, 2007. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee. Mr. Hill previously served as Co-Head of the Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory group before
assuming his role as Chief Executive Officer of BAAM. In his current capacity, Mr. Hill is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day activities of the group, including investment management, client relationships, marketing, operations and
administration. Before joining Blackstone in 1993, Mr. Hill began his career at First Boston, later becoming one of the Co-Founders of its Mergers & Acquisitions Department. After running the Mergers & Acquisitions Department
at Smith Barney, he joined Lehman Brothers as a partner in 1982, serving as Co-Head and subsequently Head of Investment Banking. Later, he served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Lehman Brothers and Co-President and Co-COO of Shearson Lehman
Brothers Holding Inc. Mr. Hill is a graduate of Harvard College and the Harvard Business School. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations where he chairs the Investment Committee and serves on the Council’s Board of Directors,
and is a member of the Board of Directors of Lincoln Center Theater, where he is Chairman. He serves on the Board of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Telluride Foundation, the Advantage Testing Foundation, and of Our Lady Queen of Angels School,
a parochial school (K-8th grade) in Spanish Harlem. He is a member of the Advisory Board of Christie’s and a member of the Board of Directors of OpenPeak Inc. and Advantage Testing, Inc.  
 Bennett J. Goodman  is a Co-Founder of GSO and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Goodman
was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective February 24, 2015. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee. Since joining Blackstone in 2008, Mr. Goodman has focused on the management of GSO, which is
Blackstone’s credit investment platform with over $75 billion of assets under management in various direct lending strategies, leveraged loan vehicles and distressed investment funds. Before co-founding GSO in 2005, Mr. Goodman was the
Managing Partner of the Alternative Capital Division of Credit Suisse. Mr. Goodman joined Credit Suisse in November 2000 when they acquired Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, or DLJ where he was Global Head of Leveraged Finance.
Mr. Goodman joined DLJ in February of 1988 as the founder of the High Yield Capital Markets Group. Prior to joining DLJ, Mr. Goodman worked in the high yield business at Drexel Burnham Lambert from 1984 to 1988. Mr. Goodman is
currently on the Board of Directors of Lincoln Center and the Central Park Conservancy. Mr. Goodman received Institutional Investor’s 2012 Money Manager of The Year Award. He also received the 2004 Lifetime Achievement Award from Euromoney
Magazine for his career achievements in the global capital markets. He graduated from Lafayette College and the Harvard Business School.    Jonathan D. Gray  is Global Head of Real Estate and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Gray was elected to the board of directors of our general partner
effective February 24, 2012. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee. Since joining Blackstone in 1992, Mr. Gray has helped build the largest real estate platform in the world with $94 billion in investor capital under
management. Blackstone’s portfolio includes hotel,  
      226
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
office, retail, industrial and residential properties in the U.S., Europe, Asia and Latin America. Mr. Gray received a BS in Economics from the Wharton School, as well as a BA in English
from the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania, where he graduated magna cum laude and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Hilton Worldwide and is a board member of Brixmor
Properties and Nevada Property 1 LLC (The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas). He is also Chairman of the Board of Harlem Village Academies and a board member of Trinity School. Mr. Gray and his wife, Mindy, established the Basser Center for BRCA at the
University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine focused on the prevention and treatment of certain genetically caused cancers.  
 Michael S. Chae  is Blackstone’s Chief Financial Officer and a member of the firm’s Management Committee.
Mr. Chae has management responsibility over the firm’s global finance, treasury, technology and corporate development functions. Since joining Blackstone in 1997, Mr. Chae has served in a broad range of leadership roles including Head
of International Private Equity, from 2012 through 2015, Head of Private Equity for Asia/Pacific, from 2011 through 2015, and overseeing Private Equity investments in various sectors and the investment process for Tactical Opportunities.
Mr. Chae led or was involved in numerous Blackstone investments over that time period. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Chae worked at The Carlyle Group, L.P. and prior to that with Dillon, Read & Co. Mr. Chae received an AB
from Harvard College, an MPhil. in International Relations from Cambridge University and a JD from Yale Law School. He has served on numerous boards of private and publicly traded portfolio companies. Mr. Chae is a member of the Board of
Trustees of the Lawrenceville School and Chairman of its Investment Committee, and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Board of Trustees of the Asia Society.    John G. Finley  is Chief Legal Officer of Blackstone and a member of the firm’s Management Committee. Before joining Blackstone in 2010, Mr. Finley had been a partner with Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett for 22 years where he was most recently a member of that law firm’s Executive Committee and Head of Global Mergers & Acquisitions. Mr. Finley is a member of the Advisory Board of the Harvard Law School
Program on Corporate Governance, the National Advisory Board of the Netter Center for Community Partnerships of the University of Pennsylvania and the Board of Advisors of the University of Pennsylvania Institute of Law and Economics. He is also a
guest lecturer at Harvard Law School and Penn Law School. He has served on the Committee of Securities Regulation of the New York State Bar Association, the Board of Advisors of the Knight-Bagehot Fellowship in Economics and Business Journalism at
Columbia University and as a Trustee of the Jewish Board of Family and Children Services. He has also served as Chairman of the Annual International Mergers & Acquisitions Conference of the International Bar Association. Mr. Finley
received a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a BA in History from the College of Arts and Sciences of the University of Pennsylvania, and a JD from Harvard Law School.  
 Joan Solotar  is a Senior Managing Director, Head of Multi-Asset Investing and External Relations and a member of the
firm’s Management Committee. Ms. Solotar oversees the firm’s Multi-Asset Investing business, which develops and distributes products and services to meet the needs of institutional and high net worth clients. Additionally, she manages
global shareholder relations, public affairs and corporate services. Before joining Blackstone in 2007, Ms. Solotar was with Bank of America Securities where she was a Managing Director and Head of Equity Research. Prior to joining Bank of
America, she was a consistently highly ranked Institutional Investor “All-American Research Team” financial services analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and Credit Suisse First Boston as a Managing Director. Ms. Solotar
chairs the Board of Directors of Blackstone’s Charitable Foundation and is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the East Harlem Tutorial Program and the East Harlem Scholars Academies. She is the recent author of a Harvard Business Review
article entitled “Truths for our Daughters.” Ms. Solotar received a BS in Management Information Systems at the State University of New York at Albany and an MBA in Finance at New York University.  
 Peter T. Grauer  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Grauer was elected to the board of
directors of our general partner effective January 26, 2016. Mr. Grauer is Chairman of Bloomberg L.P., a global financial information and media company. A member of the board of Bloomberg L.P. since 1996, Mr. Grauer
 
      227
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
became Chairman in 2001, and then Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer in March 2002. Prior to joining Bloomberg L.P., Mr. Grauer was managing director and senior partner at
Credit Suisse First Boston from 2000 to 2002, founding both DLJ Merchant Banking Partners and DLJ Investment Partners. He was managing director of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette (DLJ) from 1992 until Credit Suisse First Boston acquired it in
2000. Mr. Grauer serves as lead director of DaVita Health Care Partners, Inc. and Senior Independent Non-Executive Director of Glencore. He is a member of the Business Council, the Asia Business Council, the International Business Council of
the World Economic Forum and Founding Chairman of the World Economic Forum Community of Chairmen. Mr. Grauer is also President of the Inner City Scholarship Fund Board of Trustees, Chairman of the Rockefeller Finance & Operations
Committee, Chair of the College Advising Corps, and a board member of Room to Read and the Prostate Cancer Foundation. He is Founding U.S. Chair of the 30% Club, a Member of the Advisory Council of Out on the Street, and the McKinsey Advisory
Council.    Richard H. Jenrette  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Jenrette
was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective July 14, 2008. Mr. Jenrette is the retired former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Equitable Companies Incorporated and the co-founder and retired Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette (DLJ). He is also a former Chairman of The Securities Industry Association and has served in the past as a director or trustee of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Advanced Micro Devices
Inc., the American Stock Exchange, The Rockefeller Foundation, The Duke Endowment, the University of North Carolina, New York University and The National Trust for Historic Preservation.  
 Rochelle B. Lazarus  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Ms. Lazarus was elected to the board
of directors of our general partner effective July 9, 2013. Ms. Lazarus is Chairman Emeritus of Ogilvy & Mather and served as Chairman of that company from 1997 to June 2012. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer and Chairman,
she also served as president of O&M Direct North America, Ogilvy & Mather New York, and Ogilvy & Mather North America. Ms. Lazarus currently serves on the boards of Merck & Co., Inc., General Electric (where she
chairs the Governance and Public Affairs Committee), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), World Wildlife Fund, Defense Business Board, Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and the Partnership for New York City. She is a trustee of
the New York Presbyterian Hospital and is a member of the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School. She is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, The Women’s Forum, Inc. and The Business Council.  
 Jay O. Light  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Light was elected to the board of
directors of our general partner effective September 18, 2008. Mr. Light is the Dean Emeritus of Harvard Business School and the George F. Baker Professor of Administration Emeritus. Prior to that, Mr. Light was the Dean of Harvard
Business School from 2006 to 2010. Before becoming the Dean of Harvard Business School, Mr. Light was Senior Associate Dean, Chairman of the Finance Area, and a professor teaching Investment Management, Capital Markets, and Entrepreneurial
Finance for 30 years. Mr. Light is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of HCA Holdings, Inc., a director of the Harvard Management Company, a director of Partners HealthCare (the Mass General and Brigham & Women’s Hospitals)
and chairman of its Investment Committee, a member of the Investment Committee of several endowments, a director of several private firms, and an advisor/trustee to several corporate and institutional pools of capital. In prior years until 2008,
Mr. Light was a Trustee of the GMO Trusts, a family of mutual funds for institutional investors.    The Right
Honorable Brian Mulroney  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Mulroney was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective June 21, 2007. Mr. Mulroney is a senior partner and
international business consultant for the Montreal law firm, Norton Rose Canada LLP. Prior to joining Norton Rose Canada, Mr. Mulroney was the eighteenth Prime Minister of Canada from 1984 to 1993 and leader of the Progressive Conservative
Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993. He served as the Executive Vice President of the Iron Ore Company of Canada and President beginning in 1977. Prior to that, Mr. Mulroney served on the Cliché Commission of Inquiry in 1974.
Mr. Mulroney is a Senior Advisor of Global Affairs at Barrick Gold Corporation, where he previously served as a member of the Board of Directors, and is the Chairman of their International Advisory Board. Mr. Mulroney is also Chairman of
the Board of Directors of Quebecor Inc. and  
      228
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Quebecor Media Inc. and a member of the Board of Directors of Wyndham Worldwide Corporation. In prior years until 2009, Mr. Mulroney was a member of the Board of Directors of Archer Daniels
Midland Company and Quebecor World Inc.    William G. Parrett  is a member of the board of directors of our general
partner. Mr. Parrett was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective November 9, 2007. Until May 31, 2007, Mr. Parrett served as the Chief Executive Officer of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. Certain of the
member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu or their subsidiaries and affiliates provide professional services to Blackstone or its affiliates. Mr. Parrett co-founded the Global Financial Services Industry practice of Deloitte and served as its
first Chairman. Currently, Mr. Parrett is Senior Trustee of the United States Council for International Business. Mr. Parrett is a member of the board of directors of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Eastman Kodak Company and UBS AG, and is
Chairman of the audit committee of each of these companies as well as the Corporate Responsibility Committee of UBS and the Strategy and Finance Committee of Thermo Fisher. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Hall and a past Chairman
of the Board of Trustees of United Way Worldwide. Mr. Parrett is a Certified Public Accountant with an active license.    Board
Composition    Our general partner seeks to ensure that the board of directors of our general partner is composed of members
whose particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, when taken together, will allow the board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively. In identifying candidates for membership on the board of directors of our general
partner, Mr. Schwarzman takes into account (a) minimum individual qualifications, such as strength of character, mature judgment, industry knowledge or experience and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the board of
directors, and (b) all other factors he considers appropriate.    After conducting an initial evaluation of a candidate,
Mr. Schwarzman will interview that candidate if he believes the candidate might be suitable to be a director and may also ask the candidate to meet with other directors and senior management. If, following such interview and any consultations
with senior management, Mr. Schwarzman believes a candidate would be a valuable addition to the board of directors, he will appoint that individual to the board of directors of our general partner.  
 When considering whether the board’s directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to
enable the board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of the Partnership’s business and structure, Mr. Schwarzman focused on the information described in each of the board members’ biographical information
set forth above. In particular, with regard to Mr. Grauer, Mr. Schwarzman considered his extensive financial background and significant management experience at Bloomberg L.P. With regard to Mr. Jenrette, Mr. Schwarzman
considered his extensive financial background and experience in a variety of senior leadership roles, including his roles at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc. and The Equitable Companies Incorporated. With regard to Ms. Lazarus,
Mr. Schwarzman considered her extensive business background and her management experience in a variety of senior leadership roles at Ogilvy & Mather. With regard to Mr. Light, Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished
career as a professor and dean at Harvard Business School with extensive knowledge and expertise of the investment management and capital markets industries. With regard to Mr. Mulroney, Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished career
of government service, especially his service as the Prime Minister of Canada. With regard to Mr. Parrett, Mr. Schwarzman considered his significant experience, expertise and background with regard to auditing and accounting matters, his
leadership role at Deloitte and his seven years of experience serving as a director on boards of directors. With regard to Messrs. James, Hill, Goodman and Gray, Mr. Schwarzman considered their leadership and extensive knowledge of our business
and operations gained through their years of service at our firm and with regard to himself, Mr. Schwarzman considered his role as founder and long-time chief executive officer of our firm.  
      229
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Partnership Management and Governance  
 Our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., manages all of our operations and activities. Our general partner is authorized
in general to perform all acts that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out our purposes and to conduct our business. Our partnership agreement provides that our general partner in managing our operations and activities is entitled
to consider only such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and will have no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us or any limited partners, and
will not be subject to any different standards imposed by the partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is wholly owned by our senior
managing directors and controlled by our founder, Mr. Schwarzman. Our common unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore have limited ability to influence management’s decisions regarding our
business. The voting rights of our common unitholders are limited as set forth in our partnership agreement and in the Delaware Limited Partnership Act.    Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. does not receive any compensation from us for services rendered to us as our general partner. Our general partner is reimbursed by us for all expenses it incurs in
carrying out its activities as general partner of the Partnership, including compensation paid by the general partner to its directors and the cost of directors and officers liability insurance obtained by the general partner.  
 The limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. establishes a board of directors that is responsible for
the oversight of our business and operations. Our general partner’s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability company agreement, where our senior managing directors have agreed that our founder, Mr. Schwarzman
will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of our general partner. The limited liability company agreement of our general partner provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founder, Hamilton E. James will
thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of our general partner, and thereafter such power will revert to the members of our general partner holding a majority in interest in our general partner. We refer to the board of
directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. as the “board of directors of our general partner.” The board of directors of our general partner has a total of eleven members, including six members who are not officers or employees, and
are otherwise independent, of Blackstone and its affiliates, including our general partner.    The board of directors of our
general partner has three standing committees: the audit committee, the conflicts committee and the executive committee.  
 Audit Committee . The audit committee consists of Messrs. Parrett (Chairman), Grauer, Jenrette and Light and
Ms. Lazarus. The purpose of the audit committee is to assist the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. in overseeing and monitoring (a) the quality and integrity of our financial statements, (b) our compliance with
legal and regulatory requirements, (c) our independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence, and (d) the performance of our independent registered public accounting firm. The members of the audit
committee meet the independence standards and financial literacy requirements for service on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to the New York Stock Exchange listing standards and SEC rules applicable to audit committees. The board
of directors of our general partner has determined that Mr. Parrett is an “audit committee financial expert” within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Parrett serves on the audit committees of four public
companies, including Blackstone. The board of directors of our general partner determined at its January 2016 meeting that upon consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances known to the board of directors, Mr. Parrett’s
simultaneous service on the audit committees of four public companies does not impair his ability to effectively serve on the audit committee of the board of directors of our general partner. The audit committee has a charter, which is available on
our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.”    Conflicts Committee . The
conflicts committee consists of Messrs. Parrett (Chairman), Grauer, Jenrette and Light and Ms. Lazarus. The conflicts committee reviews specific matters that our general partner’s board of
 
      230
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
directors believes may involve conflicts of interest. The conflicts committee determines if the resolution of any conflict of interest submitted to it is fair and reasonable to the Partnership.
Any matters approved by the conflicts committee are conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us and not a breach by us of any duties we may owe to our common unitholders. In addition, the conflicts committee may review and approve any
related person transactions, other than those that are approved pursuant to our related person policy, as described under “— Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence,” and may establish
guidelines or rules to cover specific categories of transactions. The members of the conflicts committee meet the independence standards for service on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to federal and New York Stock Exchange rules
relating to corporate governance matters.    Executive Committee . The executive committee of the board of
directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. consists of Messrs. Schwarzman, James, Hill, Goodman and Gray. The board of directors has delegated all of the power and authority of the full board of directors to the executive committee to act when
the board of directors is not in session.    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  
 We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals, which apply to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Each of these codes is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.” We intend to disclose any amendment to or waiver of the Code
of Ethics for Financial Professionals and any waiver of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on behalf of an executive officer or director either on our Internet website or in an 8-K filing.  
 Corporate Governance Guidelines    The board of directors of our general partner has a governance policy, which addresses matters such as the board of directors’ responsibilities and duties and the board of directors’ composition
and compensation. The governance policy is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.”  
 Communications to the Board of Directors    The non-management members of our general partner’s board of directors meet at least quarterly. The presiding director at these non-management board member meetings is Mr. Parrett. All
interested parties, including any employee or unitholder, may send communications to the non-management members of our general partner’s board of directors by writing to: The Blackstone Group L.P., Attn: Audit Committee, 345 Park Avenue, New
York, New York 10154.    Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the executive officers and directors of our general
partner, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Partnership’s equity securities to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC and furnish the Partnership with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us or written representations from such persons that they were not required to file a Form 5 to report previously unreported
ownership or changes in ownership, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, such persons complied with all such filing requirements, with the exception of a late filing, due to an administrative oversight, of a
Form 4 report on April 30, 2015 by Mr. Goodman reflecting the acquisition of common units that were issued as partial consideration in connection with our acquisition of GSO Capital Partners L.P.  
      231
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    Compensation
Discussion and Analysis    Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Program  
 The intellectual capital collectively possessed by our senior managing directors (including our named executive officers) and other
employees is the most important asset of our firm. We invest in people. We hire qualified people, train them, encourage them to provide their best thinking to the firm for the benefit of the investors in the funds we manage, and compensate them in a
manner designed to retain and motivate them and align their interests with those of the investors in our funds.    Our
overriding compensation philosophy for our senior managing directors and certain other employees is that compensation should be composed primarily of (a) annual cash bonus payments tied to the performance of the applicable business unit(s) in
which such employee works, (b) performance interests (composed primarily of carried interest and incentive fee interests) tied to the performance of the investments made by the funds in the business unit in which such employee works or for
which he or she has responsibility, (c) deferred equity awards reflecting the value of our common units, and (d) additional cash payments and deferred equity awards tied to extraordinary performance of such employee or other circumstances
(for example, if there has been a change of role or responsibility). We believe base salary should represent a significantly lesser component of total compensation. We believe the appropriate combination of annual cash bonus payments and performance
interests or deferred equity awards encourages our senior managing directors and other employees to focus on the underlying performance of our investment funds, as well as the overall performance of the firm and interests of our common unitholders.
To that end, the primary form of compensation to our senior managing directors and other employees who work in our carry fund operations is generally a combination of annual cash bonus payments related to the performance of those carry fund
operations, carried interest or incentive fee interests and, in specified cases, deferred equity awards. Along the same lines, the primary form of compensation to our senior managing directors and other employees who do not work in our carry fund
operations is generally a combination of annual cash bonus payments tied to the performance of the applicable business unit in which such employee works and deferred equity awards.  
 Employees at higher total compensation levels are generally targeted to receive a greater percentage of their total compensation payable
in annual cash bonuses, participation in performance interests, and deferred equity awards and a lesser percentage in in the form of base salary compared to employees who are paid less. We believe that the proportion of compensation that is “at
risk” should increase as an employee’s level of responsibility rises.    Our compensation program includes significant
elements that discourage excessive risk taking and aligns the compensation of our employees with the long-term performance of the firm. For example, notwithstanding the fact that for accounting purposes we accrue compensation for the Performance
Plans (as defined below) related to our carry funds as increases in the carrying value of the portfolio investments are recorded in those carry funds, we only make cash payments to our employees related to carried interest when profitable
investments have been realized and cash is distributed first to the investors in our funds, followed by the firm and only then to employees of the firm. Moreover, if a carry fund fails to achieve specified investment returns due to diminished
performance of later investments, our Performance Plans entitle us to “claw back” carried interest payments previously made to an employee for the benefit of the limited partner investors in that fund, and we escrow a portion of all
carried interest payments made to employees to help fund their potential future “clawback” obligations, all of which further discourages excessive risk-taking by our employees. Similarly, for our investment funds that pay incentive fees,
those incentive fees are only paid to the firm and employees of the firm to the extent an applicable fund’s portfolio of investments has profitably appreciated in value (in most cases above a specified level) during the applicable period. In
addition, and as noted below with respect to our named executive officers, the requirement that we have our professional employees invest in certain of the funds they manage directly aligns the interests of our professionals and our investors. In
most cases, these investments represent a significant percentage of employees’ after-tax compensation. Lastly, because our deferred equity awards have significant vesting or deferral provisions, the actual amount of compensation realized by the
recipient will be tied directly to the long-term performance of our common units.  
      232
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We believe our current compensation and benefit allocations for senior professionals are
best in class and are consistent with companies in the alternative asset management industry. We do not generally rely on compensation surveys or compensation consultants. Our senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness and
competitiveness of our compensation program, and such reviews may in the future involve the assistance of independent consultants.    Personal Investment Obligations . As part of our compensation philosophy and program, we require our named executive officers to personally invest their own capital in and alongside the funds that
we manage. We believe that this strengthens the alignment of interests between our executive officers and the investors in those investment funds. (See “— Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
— Investment in or Alongside Our Funds”.) In determining compensation for our named executive officers, we do not take into account the gains or losses attributable to the personal investments by our named executive officers in our
investment funds.    For equity awards granted in 2014 and prior years, we also require each of our named executive officers to
hold at least 25% of their vested units (other than vested units awarded under our Deferred Compensation Plan) throughout their employment with the firm and generally for one year following the termination of employment. We believe the continued
ownership by our named executive officers of significant amounts of our equity through their direct and indirect interests in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships affords significant alignment of interests with our common unitholders. In 2015, we
revised the minimum retained ownership requirement in order to strengthen retention incentives. As a result, for equity awards granted in 2015 and onward our named executive officers are required to hold 25% of their vested units (other than vested
units awarded under our Deferred Compensation Plan) until the earlier of (1) ten years after the applicable vesting date and (2) one year following termination of employment.    Named Executive Officers    In 2015, our named executive officers
were:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Executive 
    
   Title 


 
 Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Hamilton E. James 
    
 President, Chief Operating Officer 
 
 J. Tomilson Hill 
    
 Vice Chairman 
 
 Michael S. Chae 
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Laurence A. Tosi 
    
 Former Chief Financial Officer 
 
 John G. Finley 
    
 Chief Legal Officer 
   On July 23, 2015, Mr. Tosi resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer, effective
August 7, 2015. Simultaneously, we announced the appointment of Michael S. Chae as Chief Financial Officer, effective upon Mr. Tosi’s departure. In recognition of Mr. Tosi’s significant contributions to the firm over the
course of his tenure as Chief Financial Officer and as consideration for a general release of claims in favor of the firm and its related parties, we determined it was appropriate to enter into a withdrawal agreement with Mr. Tosi which
provided for a lump-sum cash payment as well as modifications to two previously granted equity awards. The specific terms of Mr. Tosi’s withdrawal agreement are discussed below under “— Potential Payments Upon Termination of
Employment or Change in Control — Withdrawal Agreement with Laurence Tosi.”    Compensation Elements for Named Executive
Officers    The key elements of the compensation of the named executive officers listed in the tables below for 2015 were
base compensation, which is composed of base salary, cash bonus and equity-based compensation, and performance compensation, which is composed of carried interest and incentive fee allocations:  
 1.  Base Salary . Each named executive officer received a $350,000 annual base salary in 2015, which equals the total yearly
partnership drawings that were received by each of our senior managing directors prior to our initial public offering in 2007. In keeping with historical practice, we continue to pay this amount as a base salary.  
      233
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2.  Annual Cash Bonus Payments / Deferred Equity Awards . Since our initial public
offering, Mr. Schwarzman has not received any compensation other than the $350,000 annual salary described above and the actual realized carried interest distributions or incentive fees he may receive in respect of his participation in the
carried interest or incentive fees earned from our funds through our Performance Plans described below. We believe that having Mr. Schwarzman’s compensation largely based on ownership of a portion of the carried interest or incentive fees
earned from our funds aligns his interests with those of the investors in our funds and our common unitholders.    Each of our
named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman received annual cash bonus payments in 2015 in addition to their base salary. These cash payments included participation interests in the earnings of the firm’s various investment
businesses. Mr. Hill, who has primary responsibility for Hedge Fund Solutions, our funds of hedge funds operation, received a majority of his cash payments based upon the performance of that business. Indicative participation interests for each
year were disclosed to a named executive officer at the beginning of such year and represented estimates of the expected percentage participation that such named executive officer may have had in the relevant business unit(s)’ earnings for that
same year. However, the ultimate cash payments paid to the named executive officers at the end of the year in respect of their participation interests were determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James, as described below.
Earnings for a business unit are calculated based on the annual operating income of that business unit and are generally a function of the performance of such business unit, which is evaluated by Mr. Schwarzman and subject to modification by
the firm in its sole discretion. The ultimate cash payment amounts were based on (a) the prior and anticipated performance of the named executive officer, (b) the prior and anticipated performance of the segments and product lines in which
the officer serves and for which he has responsibility, and (c) the estimated participation interests given to the officer at the beginning of the year in respect of the investments to be made in that year. We make annual cash bonus payments in
the first quarter of the ensuing year to reward individual performance for the prior year. The ultimate cash payments that are made are fully discretionary as further discussed below under “— Determination of Incentive Compensation.”
   For 2015, all employees other than Mr. Schwarzman, who does not receive an annual cash bonus payment, were deemed
eligible to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. The Deferred Compensation Plan provides for the deferral of a portion of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment. The portion deferred is prescribed under the Deferred Compensation
Plan and is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. By deferring a portion of a participant’s compensation for three years, the Deferred Compensation Plan acts as an employment
retention mechanism and thereby enhances the alignment of interests between such participant and the firm. Many asset managers that are public companies utilize deferred compensation plans as a means of retaining and motivating their professionals,
and we believe that it is in the interest of our common unitholders to do the same for our personnel. In 2014, Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James, determined that in order to strengthen retention incentives, it was appropriate to amend and
restate our Deferred Compensation Plan beginning with awards granted in 2015 in respect of 2014. In addition to modifying the deferral period from four years to three years, the amendments also revised the delivery terms of the deferral awards and
replaced the former premium award component of the plan with the payment of current cash distribution equivalents on both vested and unvested deferred awards. (See “— Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 — Narrative to
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 Table”.)    On January 20, 2016, Messrs. Hill and Finley each received a
deferral award under the Deferred Compensation Plan of deferred restricted common units in respect of their service in 2015. The amount of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan is calculated
pursuant to a deferral rate table using the participant’s total annual incentive compensation, which generally includes such participant’s annual cash bonus payment and any incentive fees earned in connection with our investment funds and
is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. The percentage of the named executive officer’s 2015 annual cash bonus payment mandatorily deferred into deferred restricted common
units was approximately 38.4% for Mr. Hill and 27.0% for Mr. Finley. These awards are reflected as stock awards for fiscal 2015 in the Summary Compensation Table and in the Grants of
Plan- 
      234
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Based Awards in 2015 table. Messrs. James and Chae did not have any portion of their respective 2015 annual cash bonus payments deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan as their mandatory
contributions to our investment funds fully offset their total annual incentive compensation. In addition, since Mr. Tosi resigned from the firm prior to the determination and payment of the annual cash bonuses, he was not eligible to receive
an annual cash bonus or to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan with respect to fiscal 2015.    In January 2015,
Messrs. Hill, Tosi and Finley were each awarded a discretionary award of 23,558, 117,790 and 176,685 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, respectively. These awards reflected 2014 performance and were also intended to further
promote retention and to incentivize future performance. The awards were granted under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan on July 1, 2015, subject to the named executive officer’s continued employment through such date. Mr. Tosi forfeited
this award in its entirety in connection with his resignation from the firm. Mr. Hill’s and Mr. Finley’s outstanding award vests on substantially similar terms as the deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
granted to Mr. Finley in 2013 and 2014, except that (1) these awards will also be forfeited if the named executive officer is terminated without cause and (2) upon a qualifying retirement, 50% of the unvested partnership units will
continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period, subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the
applicable award agreement). This award is reflected as a stock award for fiscal 2015 in the Summary Compensation Table for 2015 and in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2015 table.  
 In January 2016, Messrs. Hill and Chae were each awarded a discretionary award of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of
$1,400,000 and $25,000,000, respectively. These awards reflected 2015 performance and are also intended to further promote retention and to incentivize future performance. In addition, with respect to Mr. Chae, the award was granted in
recognition of his appointment to Chief Financial Officer effective August 7, 2015. The awards will be granted under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and are expected to be granted on July 1, 2016, subject to the named executive
officer’s continued employment through such date. Other than with respect to Mr. Chae, whose outstanding award will vest annually in substantially equal installments over six years beginning in 2019, the awards will have the same vesting
and other terms as the discretionary awards granted in 2015 in respect of 2014 performance. These awards will be reflected as stock awards for fiscal 2016 in the Summary Compensation Table and in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2016 table.
   3.  Participation in Performance Fees . During 2015, all of our named executive officers participated in the carried
interest of our carry funds or the incentive fees of our funds that pay incentive fees through their participation interests in the carry or incentive fee pools generated by these funds. The carry or incentive fee pool with respect to each fund in a
given year is funded by a fixed percentage of the total amount of carried interest or incentive fees earned by Blackstone for such fund in that year. We refer to these pools and employee participation therein as our “Performance Plans” and
payments made thereunder as performance payments. Because the aggregate amount of performance payments payable through our Performance Plans is directly tied to the performance of the funds, we believe this fosters a strong alignment of interests
between the investors in those funds and these named executive officers, and therefore benefits our unitholders. In addition, most alternative asset managers, including several of our competitors, use participation in carried interest or incentive
fees as a central means of compensating and motivating their professionals, and we believe that we must do the same in order to attract and retain the most qualified personnel. For purposes of our financial statements, we are treating the income
allocated to all our personnel who have participation interests in the carried interest or incentive fees generated by our funds as compensation, and the amounts of carried interest and incentive fees earned by named executive officers are reflected
as “All Other Compensation” in the Summary Compensation Table. Cash payments in respect of our Performance Plans for each named executive officer are determined on the basis of the percentage participation in the relevant investments
previously allocated to that named executive officer, which percentage participations are established in January in each year in respect of the investments to be made in that year. The percentage participation for a named executive officer may vary
from year to year and fund to fund due to several factors, and may include changes in the size and composition of the pool of  
      235
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Blackstone personnel participating in such Performance Plan in a given year, the performance of our various businesses, new developments in our businesses and product lines, and the named
executive officer’s leadership and oversight of the business or corporate function for which the named executive officer is responsible and such named executive officer’s contributions with respect to our strategic initiatives and
development. In addition, certain of our employees, including our named executive officers, may participate in profit sharing initiatives whereby these individuals may receive allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments.
Our employees, including our named executive officers, may also receive equity awards in our investment advisory clients and/or be allocated securities of such clients that we have received.  
 (a)  Carried Interest.  Distributions of carried interest in cash (or, in some cases, in-kind) to our named executive officers and
other employees who participate in our Performance Plans relating to our carry funds depends on the realized proceeds and timing of the cash realizations of the investments owned by the carry funds in which they participate. Our carry fund
agreements also set forth specified preconditions to a carried interest distribution, which typically include that there must have been a positive return on the relevant investment and that the fund must be above its carried interest hurdle rate. In
addition, as described below, employees or senior managing directors may also be required to have fulfilled specified service requirements in order to be eligible to receive carried interest distributions. For our carry funds, carried interest
distributions for the named executive officer’s participation interests are generally made to the named executive officer following the actual realization of the investment, although a portion of such carried interest is held back by the firm
in respect of any future “clawback” obligation related to the fund. In allocating participation interests in the carry pools, we have not historically taken into account or based such allocations on any prior or projected triggering of any
“clawback” obligation related to any fund. To the extent any “clawback” obligation were to be triggered, carried interest previously distributed to a named executive officer would have to be returned to the limited partners of
such fund, thereby reducing the named executive officer’s overall compensation for any such year. Moreover, because a carried interest recipient (including Blackstone itself) may have to fund more than his or her respective share of a
“clawback” obligation under the governing documents (generally, up to an additional 50%), there is the possibility that the compensation paid to a named executive officer for any given year could be significantly reduced or even negative
in the event a “clawback” obligation were to arise.    Participation in carried interest generated by our carry funds
for all participating named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman is subject to vesting. Vesting serves as an employment retention mechanism and thereby enhances the alignment of interests between a participant in our Performance Plans
and the firm. For carried interest allocated on or prior to December 31, 2012 and carried interest earned in certain of our credit funds, each participating named executive officer (other than Mr. Schwarzman) vests in 25% of the carried
interest related to an investment immediately upon the closing of the investment by a carry fund with the remainder vesting in equal installments on the first through third anniversary of the closing of that investment (unless an investment is
realized prior to the expiration of such three-year anniversary, in which case such active executive officer is deemed 100% vested in the proceeds of such realizations). For carried interest allocated after December 31, 2012, the carried
interest related to an investment vests in equal installments on the first through fourth anniversary of the closing of that investment (unless an investment is realized prior to the expiration of such four-year anniversary, in which case such
active executive officer is deemed 100% vested in the proceeds of such realizations). In addition, any named executive officer who is retirement eligible will automatically vest in 50% of their otherwise unvested carried interest allocation upon
retirement. (See “— Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements — Retirement.”) We believe that vesting of carried interest participation enhances the stability of our senior management team and provides greater incentives
for our named executive officers to remain at the firm. Due to his unique status as a founder and the long-time chief executive officer of our firm, Mr. Schwarzman vests in 100% of his carried interest participation related to any investment by
a carry fund upon the closing of that investment.    (b)  Incentive Fees.  Cash distributions of incentive fees to our
named executive officers and other employees who participate in our Performance Plans relating to the funds that pay incentive fees depends on the performance of the investments owned by those funds in which they participate. For our investment
funds that  
      236
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
pay incentive fees, those incentive fees are only paid to the firm and employees of the firm to the extent an applicable fund’s portfolio of investments has profitably appreciated in value
(in most cases above a specified level) during the applicable period and following the calculation of the profit split (if any) between the fund’s general partner or investment adviser and the fund’s investors, which occurs once a year
(generally December 31 or June 30 of each year).    (c)  Investment Advisory Client Interests . BXMT is an
investment advisory client of Blackstone. Compensation we receive from investment advisory clients in the form of securities may be allocated to employees and senior managing directors. For example, in 2015, Messrs. Schwarzman, James, Tosi and
Finley were allocated restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT in connection with investment advisory services provided by Blackstone to BXMT. The value of these allocated restricted shares is reflected as “All Other Compensation”
in the Summary Compensation Table.    4.  Other Benefits . Upon the consummation of our initial public offering in June
2007, we entered into a founding member agreement with our founder, Mr. Schwarzman, which provides specified benefits to him following his retirement. (See “— Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based
Awards in 2015 — Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement”.) Mr. Schwarzman is provided certain security services, including home security systems and monitoring, and personal and related security services. These security services are
provided for our benefit, and the board of directors of our general partner considers the related expenses to be appropriate business expenses rather than personal benefits for Mr. Schwarzman. Nevertheless, the expenses associated with these
security services are reflected in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table below.    Determination
of Incentive Compensation    As our founder, Mr. Schwarzman sets his own compensation and reserves final approval of
each named executive officer’s compensation, based in large part on recommendations from Mr. James. For 2015, these decisions were based primarily on Mr. Schwarzman’s and Mr. James’s assessment of such named executive
officer’s individual performance, operational performance for the segments or product lines in which the officer serves or for which he has responsibility, and the officer’s potential to enhance investment returns for the investors in our
funds and service to our advisory clients, and to contribute to long-term unitholder value. In evaluating these factors, Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James relied upon their judgment to determine the ultimate amount of a named executive
officer’s annual cash bonus payment and participation in carried interest, incentive fees and investment advisory client interests that was necessary to properly induce the named executive officer to seek to achieve our objectives and reward a
named executive officer in achieving those objectives over the course of the prior year. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman considered in making such determination with respect to Mr. James were his service as President and Chief Operating
Officer, his role in overseeing the growth and operations of the firm, and his leadership on the strategic direction of the firm generally. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James considered in making such determinations with respect
to Mr. Hill were his leadership and oversight of our Hedge Fund Solutions business, including his role in the oversight and development of new products and strategies, and his leadership on strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. Key
factors that Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Chae were his leadership and oversight of our global finance, treasury, technology and corporate development function and his role
in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Finley were his leadership and oversight of our global legal and compliance
functions, his role in positioning the firm to be compliant with and respond to inquiries and requests of the regulatory bodies that regulate and monitor the public company as well as our investment businesses, and his role in strategic initiatives
undertaken by the firm. For 2015, Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James also considered each named executive officer’s prior-year annual cash bonus payments, indicative participation interests disclosed to the named executive officer at the
beginning of the year, his allocated share of performance interests through participation in our Performance Plans, the appropriate balance between incentives for long-term and short-term performance, and the compensation paid to the named
 
      237
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
executive officer’s peers within the firm. Since Mr. Tosi resigned from the firm prior to the determination and payment of the annual cash bonuses, he was not eligible to receive an
annual cash bonus with respect to fiscal 2015.    Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements  
 The minimum retained ownership requirements for our named executive officers for equity awards granted in 2015 and prior years are
described below under “— Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2015 — Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2015 and Prior Years — Minimum Retained Ownership
Requirements.” The changes made to the minimum retained ownership requirements for equity awards to be granted in 2015 and future years are described above under “—Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Overview of Compensation
Philosophy and Program — Personal Investment Obligations.”    Compensation Committee Report  
 The board of directors of our general partner does not have a compensation committee. The members of the executive committee of the board
of directors identified below have reviewed and discussed with management the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such review and discussion, have determined that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be included
in this annual report.    Stephen A. Schwarzman, Chairman  
 Hamilton E. James    J. Tomilson Hill    Bennett J. Goodman  
 Jonathan D. Gray    Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation    As described
above, we do not have a compensation committee. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman makes all such compensation determinations based in large part on recommendations from Mr. James. For a description of certain transactions between us and
Mr. Schwarzman, see “— Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.”  
      238
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Summary Compensation Table    The following table provides summary information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, our current Chief Financial Officer, our former Chief Financial Officer who resigned effective
August 7, 2015 and each of our three other most highly compensated employees who served as executive officers at December 31, 2015, for services rendered to us. These individuals are referred to as our named executive officers in this
annual report.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name and Principal Position 
    
 Year 
   
    
 Salary 
   
    
 Bonus (a) 
   
    
 Stock Awards (b) 
   
    
 All Other Compensation (c) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 2015 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 89,137,817 
    
   
 $ 
 89,487,817 
    
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
    
   
 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 85,538,640 
    
   
 $ 
 85,888,640 
    
 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 21,641,142 
    
   
 $ 
 21,991,142 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 2015 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 35,246,105 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 40,312,608 
    
   
 $ 
 75,908,713 
    
 
 President Chief Operating Officer 
    
   
 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 37,435,891 
    
    
 $ 
 679,326 
    
    
 $ 
 39,866,813 
    
   
 $ 
 78,332,030 
    
 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 34,471,212 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 8,233,031 
    
   
 $ 
 43,054,243 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
   
 2015 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 9,253,650 
    
    
 $ 
 5,521,215 
    
    
 $ 
 1,634,816 
    
   
 $ 
 16,759,681 
    
 
   Vice Chairman 
    
   
 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 13,557,310 
    
    
 $ 
 11,243,928 
    
    
 $ 
 789,052 
    
   
 $ 
 25,940,290 
    
 
 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 11,056,098 
    
    
 $ 
 14,515,676 
    
    
 $ 
 (49,282 
 )  
   
 $ 
 25,872,492 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 2015 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 4,650,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 6,976,078 
    
   
 $ 
 11,976,078 
    
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
   
 2015 
    
    
 $ 
 210,898 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 11,708,630 
    
    
 $ 
 5,795,763 
    
   
 $ 
 17,715,291 
    
 
   Former Chief Financial Officer 
    
   
 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 6,632,140 
    
    
 $ 
 2,724,339 
    
    
 $ 
 5,265,348 
    
   
 $ 
 14,971,827 
    
 
 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 7,254,261 
    
    
 $ 
 729,067 
    
    
 $ 
 2,245,049 
    
   
 $ 
 10,578,377 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   John G. Finley 
    
   
 2015 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 3,284,157 
    
    
 $ 
 8,188,928 
    
    
 $ 
 1,365,090 
    
   
 $ 
 13,188,175 
    
 
   Chief Legal Officer 
    
   
 2014 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 3,981,393 
    
    
 $ 
 2,049,828 
    
    
 $ 
 1,288,606 
    
   
 $ 
 7,669,827 
    
 
 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 4,212,555 
    
    
 $ 
 243,022 
    
    
 $ 
 536,357 
    
   
 $ 
 5,341,934 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The amounts reported in this column reflect the annual cash bonus payments made for performance in the indicated year.  
 The amounts reported as “bonus” for 2015 for Messrs. Hill and Finley are shown net of their respective mandatory deferral
pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan. The deferred amounts for 2015 were as follows: Mr. Hill, $5,766,064 and Mr. Finley, $1,213,353. For additional information on the Deferred Compensation Plan, see “— Narrative Disclosure
to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2015 — Deferred Compensation Plan.”      
 
 
 (b) 
 The reference to “stock” in this table refers to deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or deferred restricted common units. The amounts
reported in this column represent the grant date fair value of stock awards granted for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP pertaining to equity-based compensation. The assumptions used in determining the grant date fair
value are set forth in Note 16. “Equity-Based Compensation” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”  
 Amounts reported for 2015 reflect the following deferred equity awards granted on January 20, 2016 for 2015 performance pursuant to
the Deferred Compensation Plan: Mr. Hill, 191,883 deferred restricted common units with a grant date fair value of $4,557,221 and Mr. Finley, 40,378 deferred restricted common units with a grant date fair value of $958,978. The grant date
fair value of the stock award reflecting the deferred bonus amount is computed in accordance with GAAP and generally differs from the dollar amount of the portion of the bonus that is required to be deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan. For
additional information on the Deferred Compensation Plan, see “— Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2015 — Deferred Compensation Plan.”  
      239
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Amounts reported for 2015 also reflect the following discretionary equity awards granted on
July 1, 2015 under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan: Mr. Hill, 23,558 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, Mr. Tosi, 117,790 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and Mr. Finley, 176,685
deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The July 1, 2015 grant date fair value of the stock award reflecting the discretionary equity award amount is computed in accordance with GAAP and generally differs from the dollar
amount of the discretionary equity award which was determined in January 2015. Mr. Tosi’s award was forfeited in its entirety in connection with his resignation from the firm.  
 Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Tosi’s withdrawal agreement, we agreed to modify (1) his award of 49,925 deferred restricted
common units granted on January 16, 2015 to provide that, notwithstanding his resignation, the units will continue to vest and be settled in accordance with their terms, subject to Mr. Tosi’s continued compliance with his
non-competition and non-solicitation agreement through each applicable vesting date and (2) his award of 344,154 unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted on January 26, 2011, which was scheduled to cliff
vest in full on January 1, 2016, by allowing him to vest in a number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units intended to approximate the grant date fair value of the original award. These actions were accounted for as modifications for
financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP and the amount reported for 2015 for Mr. Tosi reflects the incremental fair value, computed as of the August 7, 2015 deemed modification date in accordance with GAAP, with
respect to each modified award. Mr. Tosi’s withdrawal agreement with the firm, including the modifications to his 2015 deferred equity awards, is further discussed below under “— Potential Payments Upon Termination of
Employment or Change in Control — Withdrawal Agreement with Laurence Tosi.”      
 
 
 (c) 
 Amounts reported for 2015 include cash payments in respect of carried interest or incentive fee allocations relating to our Performance Plans to the named executive
officer in 2015 as follows: $88,296,986 for Mr. Schwarzman, $40,114,165 for Mr. James, $6,976,078 for Mr. Chae, $1,634,816 for Mr. Hill, $5,235,443 for Mr. Tosi and $1,344,983 for Mr. Finley, respectively. Amount
reported for Mr. Tosi also includes payments in connection with participation in certain profit sharing initiatives with respect to Blackstone’s firm investments. Any in-kind distributions in respect of carried interest are reported based
on the market value of the securities distributed as of the date of distribution. For 2015, Messrs. Schwarzman, James and Chae were the only named executive officers who received such in-kind distributions. We have determined to present compensation
relating to carried interest and incentive fees within the Summary Compensation Table in the year in which such compensation is paid to the named executive officer under the terms of the relevant Performance Plan. Accordingly, the amounts presented
in the table differ from the compensation expense recorded by us on an accrual basis for such year in respect of carried interest and incentive fees allocable to a named executive officer, which accrued amounts for 2015 are separately disclosed in
this footnote to the Summary Compensation Table. We believe that the presentation of the actual amounts of carried interest- and incentive fee-related compensation earned by a named executive officer during the year, instead of the amounts of
compensation expense we have recorded on an accrual basis, most appropriately reflects the actual compensation received by the named executive officer and represents the amount most directly aligned with the named executive officer’s actual
performance. By contrast, the amount of compensation expense accrued in respect of carried interest and incentive fees allocable to a named executive officer can be highly volatile from year to year, with amounts accrued in one year being reversed
in a following year, and vice versa, causing such amounts to be less useful as a measure of the compensation actually earned by a named executive officer in any particular year.  
 To the extent compensation expense recorded by us on an accrual basis in respect of carried interest or incentive fee allocations (rather
than cash payments) were to be included for 2015, the amounts would be $99,273,000 for Mr. Schwarzman, $60,336,664 for Mr. James, $2,420,174 for Mr. Hill, $15,430,761 for Mr. Chae, $4,650,443 for Mr. Tosi and $1,618,340 for
Mr. Finley. For financial statement reporting purposes, the accrual of compensation expense is equal to the amount of carried interest and incentive fees related to performance fee revenues as of the last day of the relevant period as if the
performance fee revenues in the funds generating such carried interest or incentive fees were realized as of the last day of the relevant period.      
      240
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  With respect to Messrs. Schwarzman, James, Tosi and Finley, amounts shown for 2015 also
include the value of restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT allocated to such named executive officers based on the closing price of BXMT’s common stock on the date of the award as follows: $604,539 for Mr. Schwarzman, $198,443
for Mr. James, $60,320 for Mr. Tosi (a portion of which was forfeited upon his resignation) and $20,107 for Mr. Finley. These restricted shares will vest over three years with one-sixth of the shares vesting at the end of the second
quarter after the date of the award and the remaining shares vesting in ten equal quarterly installments thereafter.    With
respect to Mr. Tosi, amount shown for 2015 also includes a $500,000 lump-sum cash payment paid to Mr. Tosi on November 17, 2015 pursuant to the terms of his withdrawal agreement. Mr. Tosi’s withdrawal agreement with the firm
is further discussed below under “— Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control — Withdrawal Agreement with Laurence Tosi.”    With the exception of $236,292 of expenses related to security services for Mr. Schwarzman in 2015, perquisites and other personal benefits to the named executive officers were less than $10,000 and
information regarding perquisites and other personal benefits has therefore not been included. As noted above under “— Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers — Other
Benefits,” we consider the expenses for security services for Mr. Schwarzman to be for our benefit, and the board of directors of our general partner considers the related expenses to be appropriate business expenses rather than personal
benefits for Mr. Schwarzman. Mr. Schwarzman makes business and personal use of a car and driver and he and members of his family also make occasional business and personal use of an airplane in which we have a fractional interest and in
each case he bears the full cost of such personal usage. In addition, certain Blackstone personnel administer personal matters for Mr. Schwarzman and certain matters for the Stephen A. Schwarzman Education Foundation (“SASEF”), and
Mr. Schwarzman and SASEF, respectively, bear the full incremental cost to us of such personnel. Mr. James and members of his family make occasional business and personal use of an airplane in which we have a fractional interest and he
bears the full incremental cost of such personal usage. There is no incremental expense incurred by us in connection with the use of any car and driver, airplane or personnel by either of Messrs. Schwarzman or James, as described above.  
 During 2015, cash distributions to our named executive officers in respect of Blackstone legacy funds and investments that were not
contributed to Blackstone Holdings pursuant to the reorganization were $11,110 dollars to Mr. Schwarzman and $4,280 dollars to Mr. James.  
      241
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2015  
 The following table provides information concerning unit awards granted in 2015 or, for deferred restricted common units granted under the
Deferred Compensation Plan, with respect to 2015, to our named executive officers:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Grant Date 
   
    
 All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (a) 
   
   
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (a) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
   
 7/1/2015 
    
    
   
 23,558 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 963,993 
    
 
 
    
   
 1/20/2016 
    
    
   
 191,883 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 4,557,221 
    
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
   
 7/1/2015 
    
    
   
 117,790 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 4,819,967 
    
 
 
    
   
 8/7/2015 
    
    
   
 176,604 
 (d)  
   
 $ 
 5,000,000 
    
 
 
    
   
 8/7/2015 
    
    
   
 49,925 
 (d)  
   
 $ 
 1,888,663 
    
 
   John G. Finley 
    
   
 7/1/2015 
    
    
   
 176,685 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 7,229,950 
    
 
 
    
   
 1/20/2016 
    
    
   
 40,378 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 958,978 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or our deferred restricted
common units.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and reflects 2015 performance. Mr. Tosi forfeited
this award in its entirety in connection with his resignation from the firm.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents deferred restricted common units granted in 2016 under the Deferred Compensation Plan for 2015 performance. These grants are reflected in the “Stock
Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table in 2015. (See “— Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 — Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 Table.”) These grants are reflected in the
“Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table in 2015.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Tosi’s withdrawal agreement, we agreed to modify (1) his award of 49,925 deferred restricted common units granted on
January 16, 2015 to provide that, notwithstanding his resignation, the units will continue to vest and be settled in accordance with their terms, subject to Mr. Tosi’s continued compliance with his non-competition and non-solicitation
agreement through each applicable vesting date and (2) his award of 344,154 unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted on January 26, 2011, which was scheduled to cliff vest in full on January 1, 2016,
by allowing him to vest in a number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units intended to approximate the grant date fair value of the original award. The actual number of vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units was based on fair market value
equal to $5,000,000 using a 60-day day volume weighted average price as of February 1, 2016. These actions were accounted for as modifications for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP and the amounts reported for 2015
for Mr. Tosi reflect the incremental fair value, computed as of the August 7, 2015 deemed modification date in accordance with GAAP, with respect to each modified award. Mr. Tosi’s withdrawal agreement with the firm, including
the modifications to his two previously granted equity awards, is further discussed below under “— Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control — Withdrawal Agreement with Laurence Tosi.”
 
      242
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2015
   Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2015 and Prior Years  
 Our pre-IPO owners, including our named executive officers other than Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley, received Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units in the reorganization in exchange for the contribution of their equity interests in our operating subsidiaries to Blackstone Holdings. Each of Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley received grants of Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units following the commencement of their employment with us under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. Subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone
Holdings Partnerships, these partnership units may be exchanged for our common units as described under “— Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Exchange Agreement” below.
   Vesting Provisions . The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by our named executive officers (other than
Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley) in the reorganization have the following vesting provisions:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   25% of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by Mr. Schwarzman in the reorganization in exchange for the contribution of his equity
interests in our operating subsidiaries were fully vested, with the remaining 75% vesting, subject to Mr. Schwarzman’s continued employment, in equal installments on each anniversary of our initial public offering (June 21, 2007) over four
years. All of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by Mr. Schwarzman in the reorganization in exchange for his interests in carried interest relating to investments made by our carry funds prior to the date of the contribution
were fully vested; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   25% of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by each of Messrs. James, Hill and Chae in the reorganization in exchange for the
contribution of his equity interests in our operating subsidiaries were fully vested. The remaining units vest, subject to the named executive officer’s continued employment, in equal installments on each anniversary of our initial public
offering over up to eight years and are now fully vested. All of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by Messrs. James, Hill and Chae in the reorganization in exchange for their interests in carried interest relating to investments
made by our carry funds prior to the date of the contribution were fully vested.    As discussed under
“— Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control — Withdrawal Agreement with Laurence Tosi” below, in connection with Mr. Tosi’s resignation from the firm, we agreed to modify the terms of
his 2015 equity awards. All of Mr. Tosi’s other unvested deferred restricted common units and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units were immediately forfeited upon his resignation.  
 The 500,000 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Finley in 2010 under the 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan vested in equal installments over five years on each anniversary of his hire date (September 1, 2010). The 20,454 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Finley in 2012 under the 2007
Equity Incentive Plan vested 20% on July 1, 2015 and vest 30% on July 1, 2016 and 50% on July 1, 2017. The 11,578 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Finley, in 2013 under the 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan vest 20% on July 1, 2016, 30% on July 1, 2017 and 50% on July 1, 2018. The 31,071 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Finley in 2014 under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan vest
20% on July 1, 2017, 30% on July 1, 2018 and 50% on July 1, 2019. The 176,685 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Finley in 2015 under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan vest 20% July 1,
2018, 30% on July 1, 2019 and 50% on July 1, 2020.    Except as described below, unvested deferred restricted
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are generally forfeited upon termination of employment. With respect to Mr. Finley, the deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to him in 2013 and 2014 will become fully vested if
he is terminated by us without cause. A named executive officer who leaves our firm to accept specified types of positions in government service will continue to vest in units as if he had not left our firm during the period of government service.
In addition, upon the death or permanent disability of a named executive officer, all of his unvested deferred restricted Blackstone  
      243
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Holdings Partnership Units held at that time will vest immediately. In connection with a named executive officer’s termination of employment due to qualifying retirement, with respect to
unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted in 2014 and prior years, 50% of such units will generally be entitled to accelerated vesting and, with respect to unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units granted in 2015 and 2016, 50% of such units will continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period, subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any
competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement). (See “Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements—Retirement.”) Further, in the event of a change in control (defined in the Blackstone Holdings
partnership agreements as the occurrence of any person becoming the general partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. other than a person approved by the current general partner), any deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units will
automatically be deemed vested as of immediately prior to such change in control.    All vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (and our common units received in exchange for such Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units) held by a named executive officer will be immediately forfeited in the event
he materially breaches any of his restrictive covenants set forth in the non-competition and non-solicitation agreement outlined under “Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements” or his service is terminated for cause.  
 Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements . For units granted in 2014 and prior years, while employed by us and generally for one
year following the termination of employment, each of our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) will be required to continue to hold (and may not transfer) at least 25% of all vested units (other than vested units awarded
under our Deferred Compensation Plan) received by him. For units granted in 2015 and future years each of our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) will be required to hold 25% of their vested units (other than vested units
awarded under our Deferred Compensation Plan) until the earlier of (1) ten years after the applicable vesting date and (2) one year following termination of employment. The requirement that one continue to hold at least 25% of such vested
units is subject to the qualification in Mr. Schwarzman’s case that in no event will he be required to hold units having a market value greater than $1.5 billion. Each of our named executive officers is in compliance with these minimum
retained ownership requirements.    Transfer Restrictions . None of our named executive officers may transfer Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units other than pursuant to transactions or programs approved by our general partner.    This transfer
restriction applies to sales, pledges of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, grants of options, rights or warrants to purchase Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or swaps or other arrangements that transfer to another, in whole or in part, any
of the economic consequences of ownership of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units other than as approved by our general partner. We expect that our general partner will approve pledges or transfers to personal planning vehicles beneficially
owned by the families of our pre-IPO owners and charitable gifts, provided that the pledgee, transferee or donee agrees to be subject to the same transfer restrictions (except as specified above with respect to Mr. Schwarzman). Transfers to
Blackstone are also exempt from the transfer restrictions.    The transfer restrictions set forth above will continue to apply
generally for one year following the termination of employment of a named executive officer other than Mr. Schwarzman for any reason, except that the transfer restrictions set forth above will lapse upon death or permanent disability. The
transfer restrictions will lapse in the event of a change in control (as defined above).    The Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units received by other Blackstone personnel in the reorganization and pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan are also generally subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to our named
executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman, although non-senior managing directors are also generally subject to vesting in respect of a portion of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by such personnel in the reorganization in
exchange for their interests in carried interest.  
      244
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement  
 Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a founding member agreement with Mr. Schwarzman.
Mr. Schwarzman’s agreement provides that he will remain our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer while continuing service with us and requires him to give us six months’ prior written notice of intent to terminate service with us. The
agreement provides that following retirement, Mr. Schwarzman will be provided with specified retirement benefits, including that he will be permitted until the third anniversary of his retirement date to retain his current office and will be
provided with a car and driver. Commencing on the third anniversary of his retirement date and continuing until the tenth anniversary thereof, we will provide him with an appropriate office if he so requests. Additionally, Mr. Schwarzman will
be provided with an assistant and access to office services during the ten-year period following his retirement date.  
 Mr. Schwarzman will also continue to receive health benefits following his retirement until his death, subject to his continuing
payment of the related health insurance premiums consistent with current policies. Additionally, before his retirement and during the ten-year period thereafter, Mr. Schwarzman and any foundations he may establish may continue to invest in our
investment funds on a basis generally consistent with that of other partners.    Senior Managing Director Agreements  
 Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into substantially similar senior managing director agreements with each
of our named executive officers and other senior managing directors other than our founder, Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley. Senior managing directors who have joined the firm after our initial public offering (including Mr. Tosi and
Mr. Finley) have also entered into senior managing director agreements. The agreements generally provide that each senior managing director will devote substantially all of his or her business time, skill, energies and attention to us in a
diligent manner. Each senior managing director will be paid distributions and benefits in amounts determined by Blackstone from time to time in its sole discretion. The agreements require us to provide the senior managing director with 90 days’
prior written notice prior to terminating his or her service with us (other than a termination for cause). Additionally, the agreements require each senior managing director to give us 90 days’ prior written notice of intent to terminate
service with us and require the senior managing director to be placed on a 90-day period of “garden leave” following the senior managing director’s termination of service (as further described under the caption
“— Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements” below).  
      245
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Outstanding Equity Awards at 2015 Fiscal Year End  
 The following table provides information regarding outstanding unvested equity awards made to our named executive officers as of
December 31, 2015. In connection with the spin-off of the operations that historically constituted Blackstone’s Financial Advisory segment, other than Blackstone’s capital markets services business, unvested deferred restricted common
units and unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units were generally adjusted by granting additional unvested deferred restricted units in order to maintain the intrinsic value of each award as required pursuant to the terms
of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. The awards otherwise retained the original terms and conditions after adjustment.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares or 
Units of Stock
That Have Not Vested 
   
    
 Market Value of Shares 
or Units of
Stock That Have Not Vested (b) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
   Hamilton E. James (c) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
   J. Tomilson Hill (c) 
    
   
 190,469 
    
    
 $ 
 5,569,314 
    
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
   Laurence A. Tosi (d) 
    
   
 50,718 
    
    
 $ 
 1,482,994 
    
 
   John G. Finley 
    
   
 310,188 
    
    
 $ 
  8,848,222 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and unvested
deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan (including deferred restricted common units granted to Mr. Finley in 2016 in respect of 2015 performance and the unvested premium portion of deferred restricted
common units granted to Mr. Hill under the Deferred Compensation Plan). The vesting terms of these awards are described under the captions “Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2015 —
Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2015 and Prior Years” above and “— Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 — Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 Table” below.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 The dollar amounts shown under this column were calculated by multiplying the number of unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or unvested
deferred restricted common units held by the named executive officer by the closing market price of $29.24 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2015, the last trading day of 2015, other than the deferred restricted common units granted in
2016 in respect of 2015 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant.  
 
 
 (c) 
 This table does not reflect (1) undelivered deferred restricted common units that were granted to Messrs. James and Hill in 2015 pursuant to the Deferred
Compensation Plan in respect of 2014 performance that were considered vested on the date of grant due to their retirement eligibility, (2) undelivered deferred restricted common units that were granted to Mr. Hill in 2016 pursuant to the
Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2015 performance that were considered vested on the date of grant due to his retirement eligibility and (3) mandatorily deferred and vested, but undelivered, deferred restricted common units that were
granted to Mr. Hill pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2013 and prior years. These deferred restricted common units are reflected in the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 Table below.  
 
 
 (d) 
 As described under “ — Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control — Withdrawal Agreement with Laurence Tosi” below, in
connection with Mr. Tosi’s resignation, effective August 7, 2015, we entered into a withdrawal agreement with him on November 3, 2015 pursuant to which we agreed to modify (1) his award of 49,925 deferred restricted common
units granted on January 16, 2015 to provide that, notwithstanding his resignation, the units will continue to vest and be settled in accordance with their terms, subject to Mr. Tosi’s continued compliance with his non-competition and
non-solicitation agreement through each applicable vesting date and (2) his award of 344,154 unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted on January 26, 2011, which was scheduled to cliff vest in full on
January 1, 2016, by allowing him to vest in a number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units intended to approximate the grant date fair value of the original award. All other unvested deferred restricted common units and deferred restricted
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units were immediately forfeited upon his resignation.  
      246
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2015  
 The following table provides information regarding the number of outstanding initially unvested equity awards made to our named executive
officers that vested during 2015 or, for deferred restricted common units granted to Mr. Hill under the Deferred Compensation Plan, with respect to 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares Acquired 
on Vesting 
   
    
 Value Realized on Vesting
(b) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 4,111,528 
    
    
 $ 
 174,287,672 
    
 
   J. Tomilson Hill (c) 
    
   
 1,644,227 
    
    
 $ 
  65,359,661 
    
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
   
 909,734 
    
    
 $ 
  38,563,624 
    
 
   Laurence A. Tosi (d) 
    
   
 198,876 
    
    
 $ 
  5,840,470 
    
 
   John G. Finley 
    
   
 104,090 
    
    
 $ 
  3,412,363 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units and our deferred restricted common units.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The value realized on vesting is based on the closing market prices of our common units on the day of vesting.  
 
 
 (c) 
 For Mr. Hill, includes 191,883 deferred restricted common units granted pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan, with a value realized on vesting of $4,557,221,
which were all considered vested on the date of grant due to Mr. Hill’s retirement eligibility. These deferred restricted common units are scheduled to be delivered in equal annual installments over the three year deferral period and are
reflected in the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 Table below.  
 
 
 (d) 
 For Mr. Tosi, includes 176,604 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units vested on the date of grant and received pursuant to the terms of his
withdrawal agreement as a modification to his award of 344,154 unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted on January 26, 2011, which was scheduled to cliff vest in full on January 1, 2016. The actual number
of vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units was based on fair market value equal to $5,000,000 using a 60-day volume weighted average price as of February 1, 2016.    Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015    The following table provides
(1) undelivered deferred restricted common units that were granted to Messrs. James and Hill in 2015 pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2014 performance that were considered vested on the date of grant due to their
retirement eligibility, but upon which the underlying common units have not yet been delivered, (2) undelivered deferred restricted common units that were granted to Mr. Hill in 2016 pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of
2015 performance that were considered vested on the date of grant due to his retirement eligibility, but upon which the underlying common units have not yet been delivered, and (3) mandatorily deferred and vested, but undelivered, deferred
restricted common units that were granted to Mr. Hill pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2013 and prior years.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Executive Contributions in 
2015 
   
    
 Registrant Contributions in 2015 (a) 
   
    
 Aggregate Earnings (Losses) in
2015 (b) 
   
   
 Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions (c) 
   
    
 Aggregate Balance at December 31, 2015 (d) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 10,089 
    
    
 $ 
 (31,415 
 )  
   
 $ 
 58,668 
    
    
 $ 
 599,332 
    
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 4,959,022 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,575,425 
 )  
   
 $ 
 13,350,642 
    
    
 $ 
 28,459,255 
    
 
   Michael S. Chae 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   John G. Finley 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
      247
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
 (a) 
 This column represents the mandatory deferral of a portion of Mr. Hill’s annual cash bonus for 2015 into 191,883 deferred restricted common units,
respectively pursuant to our Deferred Compensation Plan. These units were granted to Mr. Hill in 2016 in respect of 2015 performance. These deferred restricted common units are deemed vested due to retirement eligibility, but will be delivered
in equal annual installments over three years. This amount is also reflected in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table for the last completed fiscal year (see footnote (b) to the Summary Compensation Table). In
addition, this column includes the value of an additional 321 and 12,784 deferred restricted common units granted to Messrs. James and Hill, respectively, as a result of the adjustments made in connection with the spin-off of the operations that
historically constituted Blackstone’s Financial Advisory segment, other than Blackstone’s capital markets services business. The adjustments did not result in any incremental fair value in accordance with GAAP and therefore there are no
amounts associated with these additional deferred restricted common units reported as compensation in the Summary Compensation Table for the last completed fiscal year.  
 
 
 (b) 
 This column represents the earnings/(losses) during 2015 on deferred restricted common units granted to Messrs. James and Hill pursuant to our Deferred Compensation
Plan (including the additional deferred restricted common units granted as a result of the adjustments made in connection with the spin-off) through the earlier of their delivery or December 31, 2015. In addition, this column includes the
payment of current cash distribution equivalents on deferred restricted common units granted to Messrs. James and Hill pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in 2015 in respect of 2014 (including the additional deferred restricted common units
granted as a result of the adjustments made in connection with the spin-off) through the earlier of their delivery or December 31, 2015. No portion of any earnings would be considered above-market or preferential and, accordingly, no earnings
are reflected in the Summary Compensation Table.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents the value of 332,785 deferred common units that were delivered to Mr. Hill in 2015 based on the closing market price per Blackstone common unit on the
date(s) of delivery. Also includes the payment of current cash distribution equivalents on deferred restricted common units granted to Messrs. James and Hill pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan in 2015 in respect of 2014 (including the
additional deferred restricted common units granted as a result of the adjustments made in connection with the spin-off).  
 
 
 (d) 
 Represents the value as of December 31, 2015 of 20,497 deferred common units granted to Mr. James and 1,009,326 deferred common units granted to
Mr. Hill. With respect to Messrs. James and Hill, $679,326 and $22,621,020 has been previously reported in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table, respectively. The values set forth in this column are based on the
closing market price of $29.24 per Blackstone common units on December 31, 2015, other than the units granted in 2016 in respect of 2015 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant.  
 Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2015 Table    In 2007, we established our Deferred Compensation Plan (which we also refer to as our “Bonus Deferral Plan”) for certain eligible employees of Blackstone and certain of its affiliates in order
to provide such eligible employees with a pre-tax deferred incentive compensation opportunity and to enhance the alignment of interests between such eligible employees and Blackstone and its affiliates. The Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded,
nonqualified deferred compensation plan which provides for the automatic, mandatory deferral of a portion of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment.    At the end of each year, the Plan Administrator (as defined in the Deferred Compensation Plan) selects plan participants in its sole discretion and notifies such individuals that they have been selected
to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan for such year. Participation is mandatory for those employees selected by the Plan Administrator to be participants. An individual, if selected, may not decline to participate in the Deferred
Compensation Plan and an individual who is not so selected may not elect to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. The selection of participants is made on an annual basis; an individual selected to participate in the Deferred Compensation
Plan for a given year may not necessarily be selected to participate in a subsequent year. For 2015, all employees other than Mr. Schwarzman, who does not receive an annual cash bonus payment, were deemed eligible to participate in the Deferred
Compensation Plan, with the deferred amount (if any) determined in accordance with the  
      248
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
table described below. Accordingly, Messrs. James, Hill, Chae and Finley each participated in the Deferred Compensation Plan for 2015. However, Messrs. James and Chae did not have any portion of
their respective 2015 annual cash bonus payments deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan as their mandatory contributions to our investment funds fully offset their total annual incentive compensation. In addition, since Mr. Tosi resigned
from the firm prior to the determination and payment of the annual cash bonuses, he was not eligible to receive an annual cash bonus or to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan with respect to fiscal 2015.  
 In respect of the deferred portion of his or her annual cash bonus payment, each participant receives deferral units which represent
rights to receive in the future a specified amount of common units or Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or other equity-based awards under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, subject to vesting provisions described below. The amount of each
participant’s annual cash bonus payment deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan is calculated pursuant to a deferral rate table using the participant’s total annual incentive compensation, which generally includes such
participant’s annual cash bonus payment and any incentive fees earned in connection with our investment funds, and is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. For deferrals of
2015 annual cash bonus payments, the deferral percentage was calculated on the basis set forth in the following table (or such other table that may be adopted by the Plan Administrator).  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portion of Annual Incentive 
    
 Marginal Deferral Rate Applicable to Such Portion 
   
   
 Effective Deferral Rate 
 for Entire Annual Bonus (a) 
   


 
   $0 - 100,000 
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0.0 
 %  
 
   $100,001 - 200,000 
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 7.5 
 %  
 
   $200,001 - 500,000 
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 15.0 
 %  
 
   $500,001 - 750,000 
    
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 20.0 
 %  
 
   $750,001 - 1,250,000 
    
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 28.0 
 %  
 
   $1,250,001 - 2,000,000 
    
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 34.4 
 %  
 
   $2,000,001 - 3,000,000 
    
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 39.6 
 %  
 
   $3,000,001 - 4,000,000 
    
   
 55 
 %  
   
   
 43.4 
 %  
 
   $4,000,001 - 5,000,000 
    
   
 60 
 %  
   
   
 46.8 
 %  
 
   $5,000,000 + 
    
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 52.8 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Effective deferral rates are shown for illustrative purposes only and are based on an annual cash payment equal to the maximum amount in the range shown in the far left
column (which is assumed to be $7,500,000 for the last range shown).    Mandatory Deferral Awards .
Generally, deferral units are satisfied by delivery of our common units in equal annual installments over the deferral period, which was three years for grants made in respect of years prior to 2012 and four years for grants made in respect of years
2012 and 2013 (with no partial-year delivery). In 2015, the Deferred Compensation Plan was amended to return the deferral period to three years for grants made in respect of 2014 and subsequent years. Delivery of our common units underlying vested
deferral units is delayed until anticipated trading window periods to better facilitate the participant’s liquidity to meet tax obligations. If the participant’s employment is terminated for cause, the participant’s undelivered
deferral units (vested and unvested) will be immediately forfeited. Upon a change in control or termination of the participant’s employment because of death, any undelivered deferral units (vested and unvested) will become immediately
deliverable. With respect to deferral units granted in respect of 2013 and prior years, if the participant’s employment is terminated without cause or because of resignation, qualifying retirement or disability, the participant’s deferral
units will continue to be delivered over the applicable deferral period. However, if, following a termination of employment without cause or because of resignation, qualifying retirement or disability, the participant violates any applicable
provision of his or her employment agreement (or, in the case of a resignation, engages in a competitive business (as such term is defined in his or her employment agreement)), then any deferral units that remain undelivered as of the date of such
violation, will be immediately forfeited. In 2015, the Deferred Compensation Plan was amended to modify the terms  
      249
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
of the mandatorily deferred restricted common units to provide that unvested bonus deferral awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years will now be forfeited upon resignation, will immediately
vest and be delivered if the participant’s employment is terminated without cause or because of disability and, in connection with a qualifying retirement, will continue to vest and be delivered over the applicable deferral period, subject to
forfeiture if the participant violates any applicable provision of his her employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the Deferred Compensation Plan).  
 The 49,925 and 29,892 deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan to Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley
in 2015 for 2014 performance, respectively, vest 33.3% on January 16, 2016, 33.3% on January 16, 2017 and 33.4% on January 16, 2018. The 40,378 deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan to
Mr. Finley in 2016 for 2015 performance vest 33.3% on January 20, 2017, 33.3% on January 20, 2018 and 33.4% on January 20, 2019.    Premium Awards . Prior to deferrals in respect of 2014 performance, each plan participant was eligible to receive a premium award in the amount equal to a percentage of his or her deferral amount.
The percentage was selected by the Plan Administrator. Generally, except in respect of 2012, the premium award percentage was 20%. Generally, the premium award percentage in respect of 2012 was 25%. The deferral amount plus the premium award yielded
the total amount of deferral units that a participant was awarded for any given year. The entire premium portion of such deferral units is, with specified exceptions, subject to continued employment of such participant through the end of the
applicable deferral period and vests and is delivered at the end of such deferral period. As is the case with respect to the mandatory deferral units, delivery of our common units underlying the vested premium portion of the participant’s
deferral units is delayed until anticipated trading window periods to better facilitate the participant’s liquidity to meet tax obligations. If the participant’s employment is terminated for cause, the premium portion of the
participant’s undelivered deferral units (vested and unvested) will be immediately forfeited. In connection with a participant’s termination of employment without cause or because of resignation, the entire unvested premium portion of the
participant’s deferral units will be immediately forfeited. In connection with a participant’s termination of employment due to qualifying retirement, 50% of the unvested premium portion of the participant’s deferral units will
continue to vest at the end of the applicable deferral period and be delivered on the applicable delivery date. In connection with a participant’s termination of employment due to disability, the entire unvested premium portion of the
participant’s deferral units will continue to vest at the end of the applicable deferral period and be delivered on the applicable delivery date. However, if, following a termination of employment because of qualifying retirement or disability,
the participant violates any applicable provision of his or her employment agreement, including specified restrictive covenants such as a non-compete, then any such deferral units that remain undelivered as of the date of such violation will be
immediately forfeited. Upon a change in control or termination of the participant’s employment because of death, the entire unvested premium portion of the participant’s deferral units will immediately vest and become deliverable. In 2015,
the Deferred Compensation Plan was amended to replace the premium award component of the plan with the payment of current cash distribution equivalents on both vested and unvested deferred awards beginning with awards granted in 2015 in respect of
2014. As a result, no premium awards were granted in 2016 in respect of 2015 performance.    The 166,537 deferred restricted
common units granted to Mr. Hill as premium awards under the Deferred Compensation Plan, vest 50.2% on January 1, 2017 and 49.8% on January 13, 2018.    Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control  
 Upon a change of control event where any person (other than a person approved by our general partner) becomes our general partner or a
termination of employment because of death, any unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or unvested deferred restricted common units held by any of our named executive officers will automatically be deemed vested as of
immediately prior to such occurrence of such change of control or such termination of employment. Had such a change of control or such a termination of employment occurred on December 31, 2015, the last business day of 2015, each of our named
executive officers would have vested in the following numbers of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted  
      250
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
common units, having the following values based on our closing market price of $29.24 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2015, other than the deferred restricted common units granted
in 2016 in respect of 2015 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant: Messrs. Schwarzman, James and Chae had no outstanding unvested units at December 31, 2015; Mr. Hill – 23,932 deferred restricted Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units and 166,537 deferred restricted common units, representing the premium portion of his deferred restricted common units, with an aggregate value of $5,569,313 and Mr. Finley – 239,443 deferred restricted
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and 70,745 deferred restricted common units with an aggregate value of $8,848,222. In addition, the Deferred Compensation Plan provides that upon a change in control or termination of the participant’s
employment because of death, any fully vested but undelivered deferred restricted common units will become immediately deliverable. Therefore, had a change of control or such termination of employment occurred on December 31, 2015,
Mr. James and Mr. Hill would also have been entitled to accelerated delivery of the 20,497 and 531,134 deferred restricted common units, respectively, that were granted to them pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan and were considered
vested on the date of grant due to their retirement eligibility. Mr. Hill would also have been entitled to accelerated delivery of his 478,192 mandatorily deferred and vested, but undelivered, deferred restricted common units granted to him
under the Deferred Compensation Plan outstanding as of December 31, 2015.    Upon a termination of employment because of
disability, any unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or unvested deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2014 and
subsequent years will also automatically be deemed vested. However, with respect to the premium portion of deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2013 and prior years, in connection with a
participant’s termination of employment due to disability, such deferral units will continue to vest at the end of the applicable deferral period and be delivered on the applicable delivery date, subject to the participant not violating any
applicable provision of his or her employment agreement. Therefore, had a termination of employment because of disability occurred on December 31, 2015, each of our named executive officers would have vested in the numbers of deferred
restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units set forth in the paragraph immediately above, having the values set forth above, but Mr. Hill would not have immediately vested in his 166,537 unvested deferred restricted common units, which
represent the premium portion of his deferred restricted common units. In addition, Mr. James and Mr. Hill would also have been entitled to accelerated delivery in the numbers of deferred restricted common units set forth in the paragraph
immediately above that were granted to them pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan and were considered vested on the date of grant due to their retirement eligibility.    In connection with a named executive officer’s termination of employment due to qualifying retirement, a named executive officer will generally vest in 50% of their unvested Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units or unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted in 2015 and prior years. (See “Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements—Retirement.”) As of December 31, 2015, Mr. Hill
and Mr. James were retirement eligible. Mr. James had no outstanding unvested units at December 31, 2015. If Mr. Hill had retired on December 31, 2015, then Mr. Hill would have vested in 11,966 deferred restricted
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $349,886 based on our closing market price of $29.24 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2015. In addition, if Mr. Hill had retired on December 31, 2015, then the Deferred
Compensation Plan provides that 50% of the unvested premium portion of his deferred restricted common units would continue to vest at the end of the applicable deferral period and be delivered on the applicable delivery date, subject to forfeiture
of any deferral units which remain undelivered as of the date of the breach of any applicable provision of his employment agreement.    Upon a termination of Mr. Finley’s employment without cause, the unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to him in 2013 and 2014 and the deferred restricted
common units grant to him under the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2015 and 2014 will become fully vested. Had such a termination without cause occurred on December 31, 2015, Mr. Finley would have vested in the following numbers
of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted common units, having the following values based on our closing market price of $29.24 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2015,
 
      251
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
other than the deferred restricted common units granted in 2016 in respect of 2015 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant: Mr. Finley – 43,327 deferred restricted
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and 70,745 deferred restricted common units with an aggregate value of $3,113,790. In addition, Mr. James and Mr. Hill would also have been entitled to accelerated delivery in the numbers of deferred
restricted common units set forth above in the first paragraph of this section that were granted to them pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan and were considered vested on the date of grant due to their retirement eligibility.  
 In addition, except as described below, unvested carried interest in our carry funds is generally forfeited upon termination of
employment. Upon the death or disability of any named executive officer who participates in the carried interest of our carry funds, the named executive officer will be deemed 100% vested in any unvested portion of carried interest in our carry
funds. Furthermore, any named executive officer that is retirement eligible will automatically vest in 50% of their otherwise unvested carried interest allocation upon retirement. (See “— Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
Agreements—Retirement.”) As of December 31, 2015, Mr. James and Mr. Hill were retirement eligible for purposes of their carried interest allocations.    In addition, pursuant to Mr. Schwarzman’s Founding Member Agreement described above under “Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in
2015—Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement,” following retirement, Mr. Schwarzman will be provided with specified retirement benefits, including an assistant during the ten-year period following his retirement and a car and driver
during the three-year period following his retirement. As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate present value of these expected costs was $1.3 million, for which approximately $158,000, $180,000 and $200,000 were expensed for financial statement
purposes in each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.    Withdrawal Agreement with Laurence Tosi
   On July 24, 2015, Blackstone announced that Laurence Tosi resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer
of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., our general partner, effective August 7, 2015 (the “Effective Date”).  
 In connection with his resignation, Mr. Tosi entered into a withdrawal agreement with Blackstone on November 3, 2015, which
includes the terms summarized below. Under the terms of the withdrawal agreement, Mr. Tosi agreed to enter into a general release of claims in favor of Blackstone and its related parties and affirmed his non-competition, non-solicitation,
non-disparagement and confidentiality covenants contained in his non-competition and non-solicitation agreement. All payments and benefits are subject to Mr. Tosi’s timely execution and non-revocation of the release and compliance with
these restrictive covenants.    Under the terms of the withdrawal agreement, Mr. Tosi received $500,000 payable in a
lump-sum cash payment within 15 days following the date of his agreement and the unvested portion of Mr. Tosi’s carried interest in (1) all Blackstone Innovations LLC and Blackstone Innovations (Cayman) III LP investments made through
the Effective Date and (2) Blackstone’s investment in Ipreo Holdings, LLC was vested. Except as described above, all of Mr. Tosi’s other unvested carried interest was forfeited as of the Effective Date.  
 In addition, under the terms of the withdrawal agreement, Mr. Tosi’s outstanding Blackstone unvested equity awards were treated
as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   49,925 deferred restricted common units held by Mr. Tosi pursuant to the terms of Blackstone’s Sixth Amended and Restated Bonus Deferral
Plan, as amended, will, notwithstanding Mr. Tosi’s withdrawal, continue to vest and be settled in accordance with their terms, subject to Mr. Tosi’s continued compliance with the non-competition and non-solicitation agreement
through each applicable vesting date; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Mr. Tosi forfeited 576,837 unvested units of Blackstone and/or Blackstone Holdings with a value, as of the Effective Date of $21.8 million.
Nonetheless, Blackstone agreed to provide Mr. Tosi with (1) quarterly payments from the Effective Date through February 1, 2016 equal to quarterly distributions to be made in
 
      252
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
respect of 125,448 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units during such time and (2) a modification to his award of 344,154 unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
granted on January 26, 2011, which was scheduled to cliff vest in full on January 1, 2016. Given Mr. Tosi was only approximately five months away from satisfying the service requirement for this award at the time of his departure, we
determined it was appropriate to allow him to vest in a number of vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units intended to approximate the grant date fair value of the original award. The actual number of vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
was based on fair market value equal to $5,000,000 using a 60-day day volume weighted average price as of February 1, 2016. The quarterly distribution payments and the modification to his January 26, 2011 award were both subject to
Mr. Tosi’s compliance with the non-competition and non-solicitation agreement. If the number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in clause (2) was greater than the number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in clause (1),
then Mr. Tosi would be entitled to an additional cash payment equal to distributions from the Effective Date through February 1, 2016 with respect to such excess number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. If the number of Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units in clause (1) was greater than the number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in clause (2), then the number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Mr. Tosi would be entitled to receive would be reduced by
a number of units with a value equal to the excess of the distributions Mr. Tosi received with respect to such excess number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Based on the 60-trading day volume weighted average price as of
February 1, 2016, Mr. Tosi received 176,604 vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and since the number of units was greater than 125,448 he also received an additional cash payment of $24,090.  
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements    Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement with our founder, our other senior managing directors, most of our other professional
employees and specified senior administrative personnel to whom we refer collectively as “Contracting Employees.” Contracting Employees who have joined the firm after our initial public offering, such as Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley,
have also executed non-competition and non-solicitation agreements. The following are descriptions of the material terms of each such non-competition and non-solicitation agreement. With the exception of the few differences noted in the description
below, the terms of each non-competition and non-solicitation agreement are generally in relevant part similar.    Full-Time
Commitment . Each Contracting Employee agrees to devote substantially all of his or her business time, skill, energies and attention to his or her responsibilities at Blackstone in a diligent manner. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman has agreed
that our business will be his principal business pursuit and that he will devote such time and attention to the business of the firm as may be reasonably requested by us.    Confidentiality . Each Contracting Employee is required, whether during or after his or her employment with us, to protect and only use “confidential information” in accordance with strict
restrictions placed by us on its use and disclosure. (Every employee of ours is subject to similar strict confidentiality obligations imposed by our Code of Conduct applicable to all Blackstone personnel.)  
 Notice of Termination . Each Contracting Employee is required to give us prior written notice of his or her intention to leave our
employ — six months in the case of Mr. Schwarzman, 90 days for all of our other senior managing directors and between 30 and 60 days in the case of all other Contracting Employees.  
 Garden Leave .   Upon his or her voluntary departure from our firm, a Contracting Employee is required to take a prescribed
period of “garden leave.” The period of garden leave is 90 days for our non-founding senior managing directors and between 30 and 60 days for all other Contracting Employees. During this period the Contracting Employee will continue to
receive some of his or her Blackstone compensation and benefits, but is prohibited from commencing employment with a new employer until the garden leave period has expired. The period of garden 
 
      253
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
 leave for each Contracting Employee will run coterminously with the non-competition Restricted Period that applies to him or her as described below. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman is
subject to non-competition covenants but not garden leave requirements.     Non-Competition . During the term of
employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period (as such term is defined below) immediately thereafter, he or she will not, directly or indirectly:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   engage in any business activity in which we operate, including any competitive business,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   render any services to any competitive business, or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   acquire a financial interest in or become actively involved with any competitive business (other than as a passive investor holding minimal percentages
of the stock of public companies).    “Competitive business” means any business that competes,
during the term of employment through the date of termination, with our business, including any businesses that we are actively considering conducting at the time of the Contracting Employee’s termination of employment, so long as he or she
knows or reasonably should have known about such plans, in any geographical or market area where we or our affiliates provide our products or services.    Non-Solicitation . During the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or she will not, directly or indirectly, in any manner
solicit any of our employees to leave their employment with us, or hire any such employee who was employed by us as of the date of his or her termination or who left employment with us within one year prior to or after the date of his or her
termination. Additionally, each Contracting Employee may not solicit or encourage to cease to work with us any consultant or senior advisers that he or she knows or should know is under contract with us.  
 In addition, during the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or
she will not, directly or indirectly, in any manner solicit the business of any client or prospective client of ours with whom he or she, employees reporting to him or her, or anyone whom he or she had direct or indirect responsibility over had
personal contact or dealings on our behalf during the three-year period immediately preceding his or her termination. Contracting Employees who are employed in our asset management businesses are subject to a similar non-solicitation covenant with
respect to investors and prospective investors in our investment funds.    Non-Interference and Non-Disparagement . During
the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or she may not interfere with business relationships between us and any of our clients, customers, suppliers or partners. Each
Contracting Employee is also prohibited from disparaging us in any way.  
      254
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Restricted Period . For purposes of the foregoing covenants, the “Restricted
Period” will be:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Covenant 
    
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   Other Senior Managing
Directors 
    
   Other
Contracting Employees 


 
   Non-competition 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year (six months for senior managing directors who are eligible to retire, as defined below) after termination of employment. 
    
 Between 90 days and six months after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-solicitation  of Blackstone employees 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 Generally between six months and one year after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-solicitation  of Blackstone clients or investors 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year after termination of employment. 
    
 Generally between six months and one year after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-interference  with business relationships 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year after termination of employment. 
    
 Generally between six months and one year after termination of employment. 
   Retirement . Blackstone personnel are eligible to retire if they have satisfied either of the
following tests: (a) one has reached the age of 65 and has at least five full years of service with our firm; or (b) generally one has reached the age of 55 and has at least five full years of service with our firm and the sum of his or
her age plus years of service with our firm totals at least 65.    Intellectual Property . Each Contracting Employee is
subject to customary intellectual property covenants with respect to works created, invented, designed or developed by him or her that are relevant to or implicated by his or her employment with us.  
 Specific Performance . In the case of any breach of the confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-interference,
non-disparagement or intellectual property provisions by a Contracting Employee, the breaching individual agrees that we will be entitled to seek equitable relief in the form of specific performance, restraining orders, injunctions or other
equitable remedies.  
      255
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Director Compensation in 2015  
 No additional remuneration is paid to our employees for services as a director of our general partner. In 2015, each of our non-employee
directors received an annual cash retainer of $150,000 and a grant of deferred restricted common units equivalent in value to $150,000, with a grant date fair value determined as described in footnote (a) to the first table below. An additional
$30,000 annual cash retainer was paid to the Chairman of the Audit Committee during 2015. An additional $25,000 annual cash retainer was paid to Mr. Light in connection with his service on the executive committee of Blackstone Group
International Partners LLP.    The following table provides the director compensation for our directors for 2015:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Fees Earned or Paid
in Cash 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) (b) 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Bennett J. Goodman (c) 
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
   Jonathan D. Gray (c) 
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
 $ 
  150,000 
    
    
 $ 
  150,739 
    
    
 $ 
  300,739 
    
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
 $ 
  180,000 
    
    
 $ 
  149,577 
    
    
 $ 
  329,577 
    
 
   Richard Jenrette 
    
 $ 
  150,000 
    
    
 $ 
  149,823 
    
    
 $ 
  299,823 
    
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
 $ 
  175,000 
    
    
 $ 
  149,127 
    
    
 $ 
  324,127 
    
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
 $ 
  150,000 
    
    
 $ 
  149,988 
    
    
 $ 
  299,988 
    
 
   Peter T. Grauer (d) 
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The references to “stock” in this table refer to our deferred restricted common units. Amounts for 2015 represent the grant date fair value of stock awards
granted in the year, computed in accordance with GAAP, pertaining to equity-based compensation. The assumptions used in determining the grant date fair value are set forth in Note 16. “Equity-Based Compensation” in the “Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” These deferred restricted common units vest, and the underlying Blackstone common units will be delivered, on the first
anniversary of the date of the grant, subject to the outside director’s continued service on the board of directors of our general partner.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Each of our non-employee directors was granted deferred restricted common units upon appointment as a director. In 2015, in connection with the anniversary of his or
her initial grant, each of the following directors was granted deferred restricted common units: Mr. Mulroney — 3,556 units; Mr. Parrett — 4,667 units; Mr. Jenrette — 3,648 units; Mr. Light — 4,363 units; and
Ms. Lazarus — 3,837 units. The amounts of our non-employee directors’ compensation were approved by the board of directors of our general partner upon the recommendation of our founder following his review of directors’
compensation paid by comparable companies.    The following table provides information regarding outstanding
unvested equity awards made to our directors as of December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (1) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares
or Units
of Stock That Have Not Vested (2) 
   
    
 Market Value 
of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (3) 
   


 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
   
 3,613 
    
    
 $ 
  105,644 
    
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
   
 4,667 
    
    
 $ 
  136,463 
    
 
   Richard Jenrette 
    
   
 3,706 
    
    
 $ 
  108,363 
    
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
   
 4,433 
    
    
 $ 
  129,621 
    
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
   
 3,898 
    
    
 $ 
  113,978 
    
 
   Peter T. Grauer 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
  —   
    
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to our deferred restricted common units.  
      256
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 (2) 
 The number of units shown in this column reflect the equity award adjustments made in connection with the spin-off of the operations that historically constituted
Blackstone’s Financial Advisory segment, other than Blackstone’s capital markets services business.  
 
 
   
 (3) 
 The dollar amounts shown in this column were calculated by multiplying the number of unvested deferred restricted common units held by the director by the closing
market price of $29.24 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2015, the last trading day of 2015.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Mr. Gray and Mr. Goodman are employees and no additional remuneration is paid to them for service as directors of our general partner. Mr. Gray’s
and Mr. Goodman’s employee compensation is discussed in “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.”  
 
 
 (d) 
 Mr. Grauer was appointed to Blackstone’s Board of Directors on January 26, 2016. Upon his appointment he received a grant of 5,827 deferred restricted
common units with a grant date fair value of $153,192.      
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units as of February 19, 2016 by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each person known to us to beneficially own 5% of any class of the outstanding voting securities of The Blackstone Group L.P.;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each member of our general partner’s board of directors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each of the named executive officers of our general partner; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   all directors and executive officers of our general partner as a group.  
 The amounts and percentage of units beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of
beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of
such security, or “investment power,” which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire
beneficial ownership within 60 days of February 19, 2016. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic
interest. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all units shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable. Unless
otherwise included, for purposes of this table, the principal business address for each such person is c/o The Blackstone Group L.P., 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.  
      257
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common Units, Beneficially Owned 
   
   
 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Beneficially Owned (a) 
   
 
   Name of Beneficial Owner 
    
 Number 
   
    
 % of Class 
   
   
 Number 
   
    
 % of Class 
   


 
   5% Unitholders: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Janus Capital Management LLC (b) 
    
   
 30,036,605 
    
    
   
 5.3 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   FMR LLC (c) 
    
   
 42,719,517 
    
    
   
 7.6 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Directors and Executive Officers (d) (e) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman (f)(g) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 231,924,793 
    
    
   
 45.5 
 %  
 
   Hamilton E. James (g) 
    
   
 6,833 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 32,180,300 
    
    
   
 6.3 
 %  
 
   J. Tomilson Hill (g)(h) 
    
   
 1,998,793 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 14,445,085 
    
    
   
 2.8 
 %  
 
   Bennett J. Goodman (g)(h) 
    
   
 1,573,278 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 2,850,387 
    
    
   
 * 
    
 
   Jonathan D. Gray (g) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 40,585,300 
    
    
   
 8.0 
 %  
 
   Michael S. Chae (g) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,831,432 
    
    
   
 1.1 
 %  
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
   
 16,906 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 495,659 
    
    
   
 * 
    
 
   John G. Finley 
    
   
 10,122 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 456,092 
    
    
   
 * 
    
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
   
 146,066 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
   
 64,937 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Richard Jenrette 
    
   
 40,500 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
   
 39,588 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
   
 23,528 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Peter T. Grauer 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   All executive officers and directors as a group (14 persons) 
    
   
 3,989,285 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 328,612,964 
    
    
   
 64.5 
 %  
     
 
 
 * 
 Less than one percent  
 
 
 (a) 
 Subject to certain requirements and restrictions, the partnership units of Blackstone Holdings are exchangeable for common units of The Blackstone Group L.P. on a
one-for-one basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the four Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. See “Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence — Exchange Agreement.” Beneficial ownership of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units reflected in this table has not been also reflected as beneficial ownership of the common units of The Blackstone
Group L.P. for which such units may be exchanged.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Reflects units beneficially owned by Janus Capital Management LLC based on the Schedule 13G filed by Janus Capital on February 16, 2016. The address of Janus
Capital Management is 151 Detroit Street, Denver, Colorado 80206.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Reflects units beneficially owned by FMR, LLC and its subsidiaries based on the Schedule 13G filed by FMR, LLC on February 12, 2016. The address of FMR, LLC is 245
Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210.  
 
 
 (d) 
   The units beneficially owned by the directors and executive officers reflected above do not include the following number of units that will be
delivered to the respective individual more than 60 days after February 19, 2016: Mr. James — 13,664 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Hill — 23,932 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and
875,512 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Goodman — 4,594,109 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Gray — 46,814 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Tosi — 33,812 deferred restricted common units;
Mr. Finley — 239,443 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and 60,623 deferred restricted common units; The Right Honorable Mr. Mulroney — 3,613 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Parrett —
4,667 deferred restricted common units; Richard Jenrette — 3,706 deferred restricted common units; Ms. Lazarus — 3,898 deferred restricted common units; Mr. Light — 4,433 deferred restricted common units; and all
other executive officers and directors as a group — 148,370 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and 62,434 deferred restricted common units.  
      258
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (e) 
 The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units shown in the table above include the following number of vested units being held back under our minimum retained ownership
requirements that are required to be held throughout employment with the firm and generally for one year following termination of employment: Mr. Schwarzman — 58,054,241 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. James — 14,648,744
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Hill — 4,654,018 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Goodman — 1,081,870 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Gray — 11,477,971 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Chae
— 3,182,160 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Tosi — 363,206 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; Mr. Finley — 128,024 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; and all other executive officers and directors as a group —
107,390 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.  
 
 
 (f) 
 On those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners of The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an entity wholly owned by our
senior managing directors, holds a special voting unit in The Blackstone Group L.P. that provides it with an aggregate number of votes on any matter that may be submitted for a vote of our common unitholders that is equal to the aggregate number of
vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings on the relevant record date and entitles it to participate in the vote on the same basis as our common unitholders. Our senior managing
directors have agreed in the limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. that our founder, Mr. Schwarzman, will have the power to determine how the special voting unit held by Blackstone Partners L.L.C. will be voted.
Following the withdrawal, death or disability of Mr. Schwarzman (and any successor founder), this power will revert to the members of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. holding a majority in interest in that entity. The limited liability company
agreement of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founding member, Hamilton E. James will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. If
Blackstone Partners L.L.C. directs us to do so, we will issue special voting units to each of the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings, whereupon each special voting unitholder will be entitled to a number of votes that is equal to the number of
vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by such special voting unitholder on the relevant record date.  
 
 
 (g) 
 The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units shown in the table above for such named executive officers and directors include (a) the following units held for the
benefit of family members with respect to which the named executive officer or director, as applicable, disclaims beneficial ownership: Mr. Schwarzman — 1,666,666 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Schwarzman is the
investment trustee, Mr. James — 10,657,207 units held in various trusts for which Mr. James and his brother are trustees (but Mr. James does not have or share investment control with respect to the units), Mr. Hill
— 5,636,348 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Hill’s spouse is the investment trustee and 2,683,308 units held in a family limited liability company, Mr. Chae — 150,070 units held in a trust for which
Mr. Chae is the investment trustee and Mr. Gray — 4,566,437 units held in a trust for which Mr. Gray is the investment trustee, (b) the following units held in grantor retained annuity trusts for which the named
executive officer or director, as applicable, is the investment trustee: Mr. Schwarzman — 2,365,163 units, and Mr. Gray — 15,565,132 units, and (c) the following units held by a corporation for which the named
executive officer is a controlling shareholder: Mr. Schwarzman — 1,438,529 units and Mr. Goodman — 1,737,550 units owned by family limited liability companies. Mr. Schwarzman also directly, or through a corporation for
which he is the controlling shareholder, beneficially owns an additional 364,278 partnership units in each of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. In addition, with respect to
Mr. Schwarzman, the above table excludes partnership units of Blackstone Holdings held by his children or in trusts for the benefit of his family as to which he has no voting or investment control.  
 
 
 (h) 
 The Blackstone common units shown in the table above for each named executive officer and director include (a) the following units held for the benefit of family
members with respect to which the named executive officer or director, as applicable, disclaims beneficial ownership, Mr. Hill — 1,698,442 units held in two family limited liability companies, Mr. Goodman — 923,638 units held in
family limited liability companies.    In addition, as of February 19, 2016, Beijing Wonderful Investments,
an investment vehicle established and controlled by the People’s Republic of China, holds 59,083,468 of our non-voting common units and may from time to time make open market purchases or sales of our voting common units.  
      259
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans  
 The table set forth below provides information concerning the awards that may be issued under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of
December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number
of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
   
    
 Number
of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding
securities reflected in column (a)) (b) 
   


 
   Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
    
   
 66,966,766 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 134,535,525 
    
 
   Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 66,966,766 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 134,535,525 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Reflects the outstanding number of our deferred restricted common units and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted under the 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2015.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan is increased on the first day of each
fiscal year during its term by a number of units equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding
fiscal year (excluding Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by The Blackstone Group L.P. or its wholly owned subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the 2007
Equity Incentive Plan as of such date (unless the administrator of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan should decide to increase the number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the plan by a lesser amount). As of
January 1, 2016, pursuant to this formula, 168,600,140 units, which is equal to 0.15 times the number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on December 31, 2015, were available for issuance under the
2007 Equity Incentive Plan. We have filed a registration statement and intend to file additional registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register common units covered by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (including pursuant to
automatic annual increases). Any such Form S-8 registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, common units registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market.
     
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    Transactions with Related Persons    Tax Receivable Agreements
   We used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of non-voting common units to Beijing Wonderful
Investments to purchase interests in the predecessor businesses from the pre-IPO owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting
and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a one-for-one basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings partnerships to effect an exchange
for a common unit. Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Blackstone Holdings II L.P. have made an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code effective for each taxable year in which an exchange of partnership units for common units
occurs, which may result in an  
      260
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
adjustment to the tax basis of the assets of such Blackstone Holdings partnerships at the time of an exchange of partnership units. The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in
increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings that otherwise would not have been available. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the
amount of tax that certain of Blackstone’s wholly owned subsidiaries that are taxable as corporations for U.S. federal income purposes would otherwise be required to pay in the future. One of the subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which
is a corporate taxpayer has entered into a tax receivable agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units that provides for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to such holders of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S.
federal, state and local income tax that the corporate taxpayers actually realize (or are deemed to realize in the case of an early termination payment by the corporate taxpayers or a change in control, as discussed below) as a result of these
increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to our entering into tax receivable agreements, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Additional tax receivable agreements have been
executed, and will continue to be executed, with newly admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This payment obligation is an obligation of the corporate taxpayer and not of
Blackstone Holdings. The corporate taxpayers expect to benefit from the remaining 15% of cash savings, if any, in income tax that they realize. For purposes of the tax receivable agreement, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing
the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayer would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone
Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable agreement. A limited partner of Blackstone Holdings may also elect to exchange his or her Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in a tax-free
transaction where the limited partner is making a charitable contribution. In such a case, the exchange will not result in an increase in the tax basis of the assets of Blackstone Holdings and no payments will be made under the tax receivable
agreement. The term of the tax receivable agreement commenced upon consummation of our IPO and will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless the corporate taxpayers exercise their right to terminate the tax
receivable agreement for an amount based on the agreed payments remaining to be made under the agreement.    Assuming no future
material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the expected future payments under the tax receivable agreement
(which are taxable to the recipients) in respect of the purchase and exchanges will aggregate $1.2 billion over the next 15 years. The after-tax net present value of these estimated payments totals $402.4 million assuming a 15% discount
rate and using an estimate of timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreement in respect of subsequent exchanges would be in addition to these amounts. The payments under the tax receivable agreement are not
conditioned upon continued ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above.  
 There was a reduction of $82.7 million to the tax receivable agreement liability to the pre-IPO owners and others mentioned above that
resulted primarily from the October 1, 2015 spin-off of the financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring services and reorganization advisory services and Park Hill Group businesses.  
 Subsequent to December 31, 2015, payments totaling $79.0 million were made to certain pre-IPO owners and others mentioned above in
accordance with the tax receivable agreement and related to tax benefits the Partnership received for the 2014 taxable year. Those payments included payments of $10.8 million to Stephen A. Schwarzman and investment vehicles controlled by relatives
of Mr. Schwarzman; $2.3 million to Hamilton E. James and a trust for which Mr. James is the investment trustee; $1.2 million to J. Tomilson Hill and a trust for which Mr. Hill is the investment trustee; $0.7 million to Michael S.
Chae; and $0.2 million to Bennett J. Goodman and a limited liability company controlled by a family member of Mr. Goodman.  
 In addition, the tax receivable agreement provides that upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other
changes of control, the corporate taxpayers’ (or their successors’) obligations with respect to exchanged or acquired units (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such transaction) would be
 
      261
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
based on certain assumptions, including that the corporate taxpayers would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the benefits arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and
other similar benefits. Upon a subsequent actual exchange, any additional increase in tax deductions, tax basis and other similar benefits in excess of the amounts assumed at the change in control will also result in payments under the tax
receivable agreement.    Decisions we make in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales,
other forms of business combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing and amount of payments that are received by an exchanging or selling holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, under the tax receivable agreement. For
example, the earlier disposition of assets following an exchange or acquisition transaction will generally accelerate payments under a tax receivable agreement and increase the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before an
exchange or acquisition transaction will increase the tax liability of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units without giving rise to any rights of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to receive payments under any tax
receivable agreements.    Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, the
corporate taxpayers will not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under a tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made under a tax receivable agreement in excess of the corporate taxpayers’
cash tax savings.    Registration Rights Agreement  
 In connection with the restructuring and IPO, we entered into a registration rights agreement with our pre-IPO owners pursuant to which we
granted them, their affiliates and certain of their transferees the right, under certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, to require us to register under the Securities Act common units delivered in exchange for Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units or common units (and other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common units) otherwise held by them. In addition, newly admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who acquire
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have subsequently become parties to the registration rights agreement. Under the registration rights agreement, we agreed to register the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for common units by our
holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. In June 2008, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to cover future issuances from time to time of up to 818,008,105 common units to holders
of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units upon exchange of up to an equal number of such Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. In addition, our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, has the right to request that we register the sale of common units held
by holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units an unlimited number of times and may require us to make available shelf registration statements permitting sales of common units into the market from time to time over an extended period. In
addition, Mr. Schwarzman has the ability to exercise certain piggyback registration rights in respect of common units held by holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in connection with registered offerings requested by other
registration rights holders or initiated by us.    Swift River Investments  
 Swift River Investments, Inc. (“Swift River”) is a private family investment firm that manages capital on behalf of our
President, Chief Operating Officer and Director, Hamilton E. James, his brother, David R. James, and members of their families. While Hamilton E. James has a majority economic interest in Swift River, the day-to-day business of Swift River is
managed by David R. James.    On August 24, 2015, Ipreo, a provider of data, market intelligence and productivity solutions
to capital markets and corporate professions, completed the acquisition of iLevel Solutions LLC (“iLevel”), a business that provides private equity software and advanced portfolio monitoring software solutions to private equity firms and
other institutions, including Blackstone. Funds managed by Blackstone’s private equity business own Ipreo jointly with another sponsor. Prior to the acquisition, and as previously disclosed, Blackstone and Swift River were the largest
 
      262
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
shareholders in iLevel, with approximately 21% and 24% equity interests, respectively. We took a number of measures to address any potential conflict of interest relating to the transaction,
including that Mr. Hamilton E. James did not participate in the negotiation and execution of the transaction for any party. Further, the non-Blackstone and non-Swift River representatives to the iLevel board, led by the independent
chairman of that board, negotiated the transaction on behalf of iLevel, and the Blackstone directors to the Ipreo board recused themselves from board decisions relating to the transaction. The transaction was reviewed and approved by the Conflicts
Committee of the board of directors of our general partner.    Tsinghua University Education Foundation
   As part of an initiative announced in 2013, Mr. Schwarzman, through the Stephen A. Schwarzman Education
Foundation, personally committed $100 million to create and endow a post-graduate scholarship program at Tsinghua University in Beijing, entitled “Schwarzman Scholars,” and fund the construction of a residential and academic building. He
is leading a fundraising campaign to raise $450 million to support the “Schwarzman Endowment Fund.” The Tsinghua University Education Foundation (“TUEF”) will hold the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and has agreed to delegate
management of the fund to Blackstone. We have agreed that TUEF, and certain entities affiliated with TUEF, will not be required to pay Blackstone a management fee for managing the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and, to the extent Blackstone allocates and
invests assets of the Schwarzman Endowment Fund in our funds, which may take the form of funded or unfunded general partner commitments to our investment funds, we anticipate that such investments will be subject to reduced or waived management fees
and/or carried interest.    Executive Advisor Agreement with Andrew Lapham  
 Since April 17, 2014, Andrew Lapham has been an Executive Advisor to Blackstone. In his role as an Executive Advisor, Mr. Lapham
focuses primarily on sourcing and evaluating the firm’s investment opportunities in Canada. Mr. Lapham is the son-in-law of Mr. Mulroney, who has been a member of the board of directors of our general partner since 2007. Pursuant to
the terms of his Executive Advisor Agreement, in respect of his services in 2015, Mr. Lapham is entitled to a $350,000 annual retainer and a bonus, which for 2015 was $350,000 and will be paid in 2016. With respect to each investment sourced by
him, Mr. Lapham is entitled to receive a transaction fee and, subject to a required capital contribution by Mr. Lapham, a profit sharing percentage of the net profits realized from such investment by the relevant fund. In 2015, we paid
Mr. Lapham $500,000, which represents his annual retainer and a $150,000 bonus paid in 2015 in respect of his services in 2014.    Bennett J. Goodman    On February 24, 2015, Bennett J. Goodman
was appointed to the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., the general partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. Mr. Goodman joined Blackstone in 2008 and is a Senior Managing Director and Co-Founder of GSO Capital Partners. For
2015, Mr. Goodman received a base salary of $350,000 and an annual cash bonus payment of $3,207,583. The cash payment was based upon the performance of the Credit segment, including the contribution of all current and past funds within the
segment. The ultimate cash payment to Mr. Goodman was, however, determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James.    Mr. Goodman also participated in the performance fees of our funds, consisting of carried interest in our carry funds and incentive fees in our funds that pay incentive fees. The compensation paid to
Mr. Goodman in respect of carried interest in our carry funds primarily relates to Mr. Goodman’s participation in the credit funds. The amount of cash payments in respect of carried interest or incentive fee allocations to
Mr. Goodman for 2015 was $9,819,362. See “Executive Compensation — Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers” in this report for additional discussion of the elements of our compensation program.  
      263
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In March 2015, Mr. Goodman also received a compensatory grant of 5,028,435 deferred
restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a grant date fair value of $190,376,549. These deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units vest over eight years and, after including the additional units granted as required
pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan in connection with the spin-off the operations that historically constituted our Financial Advisory segment, other than our capital markets services business, vest as follows: 514,213 vested on
January 1, 2016, 721,431 vesting on January 1, 2017, 679,986 units vesting on January 1, 2018 and the remainder vesting annually in substantially equal annual installments on January 1 of each year through January 1, 2023.
This award represents a buyout of a significant portion of his estimated cash compensation during the eight-year vesting period of the award.    In February 2015, we agreed with the former owners of GSO, including Mr. Goodman, to settle in full our obligation to make further “earn out” payments to them arising from our redemption of
profits interests that were issued to them in connection with our acquisition of GSO by making a payment in the form of a combination of vested and unvested restricted Blackstone Holdings Units. In connection therewith, Mr. Goodman received on
March 26, 2015, 798,166 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (which included 199,542 units to be held in a family limited liability company), 122,385 of which immediately vested, 506,837 of which are to vest on December 31, 2016 and
168,944 of which are to vest on December 31, 2017. In April 2015, we issued Mr. Goodman 635,075 common units (which included 158,769 common units to be held in a family limited liability company) in satisfaction of a 2014 “earn
out” payment owed to him and the other former owners of GSO.    Jonathan D. Gray  
 On February 24, 2012, Jonathan D. Gray was appointed to the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., the general
partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. Mr. Gray joined Blackstone in 1992 and is a Senior Managing Director and Global Head of Real Estate. For 2015, Mr. Gray received a base salary of $350,000 and an annual cash bonus payment of
$25,370,948, net of his mandatory deferral pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan. The cash payment was based upon the performance of the Real Estate segment, including the contribution of all current and past funds within the segment dating
back to before the IPO. The ultimate cash payment to Mr. Gray was, however, determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James. On January 20, 2016, Mr. Gray was granted 46,814 deferred restricted common units with
a grant date fair value of $1,111,833, reflecting the portion of his annual cash bonus payment mandatorily deferred into deferred restricted common units pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan.  
 Mr. Gray also participated in the performance fees of our funds, consisting of carried interest in our carry funds and incentive
fees in our funds that pay incentive fees. The compensation paid to Mr. Gray in respect of carried interest in our carry funds primarily relates to Mr. Gray’s participation in the real estate funds (which were formed both before and
after the IPO). The amount of payments in respect of carried interest (whether in cash or in-kind) or incentive fee allocations to Mr. Gray for 2015 was $90,377,009. Any in-kind distributions in respect of carried interest are reported based on
the market value of the securities distributed as of the date of distribution. In 2015, in connection with investment advisory services provided by Blackstone to BXMT, Mr. Gray was also allocated restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT
with a value of $984,407 based on the closing price of BXMT’s common stock on the date of the award. These restricted shares will vest over three years with one-sixth of the shares vesting at the end of the second quarter after the date of the
award and the remaining shares vesting in ten equal quarterly installments thereafter. See “Executive Compensation — Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers” in this report for additional discussion of the elements of our
compensation program.    Blackstone Holdings Partnership Agreements  
 As a result of the reorganization and the IPO, The Blackstone Group L.P. became a holding partnership and, through wholly owned
subsidiaries, held equity interests in the five holdings partnerships (i.e., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P.). On January 1, 2009,
in order to simplify our structure and ease the related administrative burden  
      264
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
and costs, we effected an internal restructuring to reduce the number of holding partnerships from five to four by causing Blackstone Holdings III L.P. to transfer all of its assets and
liabilities to Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. In connection therewith, Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. On October 1, 2015, Blackstone
formed a new holding partnership, Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., which will hold certain operating entities and operate in a manner similar to the existing Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The economic interests of The Blackstone Group L.P. in
Blackstone’s business remains entirely unaffected. “Blackstone Holdings” refers to (a) Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V
L.P. prior to the January 2009 reorganization, (b) Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. from January 1, 2009 through October 1, 2015 and
(c) Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings AI L.P. subsequent to the October 2015 creation of Blackstone Holdings AI L.P.  
 Wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of those partnerships have the right to determine
when distributions will be made to the partners of Blackstone Holdings and the amount of any such distributions. If a distribution is authorized, such distribution will be made to the partners of Blackstone Holdings pro rata in accordance with the
percentages of their respective partnership interests as described under “Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities — Cash Distribution
Policy.”    Each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships has an identical number of partnership units outstanding, and we
use the terms “Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit” or “partnership unit in/of Blackstone Holdings” to refer, collectively, to a partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The holders of partnership units
in Blackstone Holdings, including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, will incur U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on their proportionate share of any net taxable income of Blackstone Holdings. Net profits and net
losses of Blackstone Holdings will generally be allocated to its partners (including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries) pro rata in accordance with the percentages of their respective partnership interests as described under
“Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities — Cash Distribution Policy.” The partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships provide for cash distributions, which we refer to as “tax distributions,” to the partners of such partnerships if the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of the Blackstone
Holdings Partnerships determine that the taxable income of the relevant partnership will give rise to taxable income for its partners. Generally, these tax distributions are computed based on our estimate of the net taxable income of the relevant
partnership allocable to a partner multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local income tax rate prescribed for an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into
account the non-deductibility of certain expenses and the character of our income). Tax distributions are made only to the extent all distributions from such partnerships for the relevant year are insufficient to cover such tax liabilities.
   Subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership
agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may be exchanged for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units as described under “— Exchange Agreement” below. In addition, the Blackstone
Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for our common units.  
 See “— Item 11. Executive Compensation — Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of
Plan-Based Awards in 2015 — Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2015 and Prior Years” for a discussion of vesting provisions applicable to Blackstone personnel in respect of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
received by them in the reorganization and for a discussion of minimum retained  
      265
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The generally applicable vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer
restrictions are outlined in the sections referenced in the preceding sentence. There may be some different arrangements for some individuals in some instances. In addition, we may waive these requirements and restrictions from time to time.
   In addition, substantially all of our expenses, including substantially all expenses solely incurred by or attributable to
The Blackstone Group L.P. but not including obligations incurred under the tax receivable agreement by The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, income tax expenses of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries and
payments on indebtedness incurred by The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, are borne by Blackstone Holdings.  
 Exchange Agreement    In
connection with the reorganization and IPO, we entered into an exchange agreement with the holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries). In addition, newly admitted
Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have subsequently become parties to the exchange agreement. Under the exchange agreement, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership
requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, each such holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (and certain transferees thereof) may up to four times each year
(subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange these partnership units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and
reclassifications. Under the exchange agreement, to effect an exchange a holder of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings must simultaneously exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. As a holder exchanges its
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, The Blackstone Group L.P.’s indirect interest in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be correspondingly increased.    Firm Use of Private Aircraft    Certain entities controlled by
Mr. Schwarzman wholly own aircraft that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations. Mr. Schwarzman paid for his respective ownership interests in the aircraft himself and bore his respective share of all operating,
personnel and maintenance costs associated with their operation. The hourly payments we made for such use were based on current market rates. In 2015, we made payments of $2.5 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $0.7 million
paid directly to the managers of the aircraft.    An entity jointly controlled by Mr. James and Mr. Gray wholly owns
an airplane that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations. Each of Mr. James and Mr. Gray paid for his respective ownership interest in the aircraft himself and bore his respective share of the operating, personnel and
maintenance costs associated with its operation. The hourly payments we made for such use were based on current market rates. In 2015 we made payments of $1.0 million to the manager of the aircraft for such use.  
 An entity controlled by Mr. Goodman, jointly with an entity controlled by another senior managing director of Blackstone, owns an
airplane that we may use for business purposes in the course of our operations. Mr. Goodman paid for his ownership interest in the aircraft himself and bears his respective share of the operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with
its operation. The hourly payments we would make for any such use of the airplane owned by Mr. Goodman would be based on current market rates. In 2015, there was no such use.    Investment in or Alongside Our Funds    Our directors and executive officers
may invest their own capital in or alongside our carry funds without being subject to management fees or carried interest. These investments may be made through the applicable fund general partner and fund a portion of the general partner capital
commitments to our funds. In addition, our directors and  
      266
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
executive officers may invest their own capital in our funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds that are structured as hedge funds, in some instances, not subject to management fees or
carried interest. These investment opportunities are available to all of our senior managing directors and to those of our employees whom we have determined to have a status that reasonably permits us to offer them these types of investments in
compliance with applicable laws. During the year ended December 31, 2015, our directors and executive officers (and, in some cases, certain investment trusts or other family vehicles or charitable organizations controlled by them of their
immediate family members) had the following net contributions or net distributions relating to their personal investments (and the investments of any such trusts) in Blackstone-managed investment funds: Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. James,
Mr. Hill, Mr. Gray, Mr. Light and Mr. Mulroney received net distributions of $65.6 million, $68.5 million, $18.4 million, $19.4 million, $0.15 million, $0.6 million, respectively, and Mr. Tosi, Mr. Goodman and
Mr. Chae made net contributions of $0.5 million, $5.1 million and $1.3 million, respectively.    Statement of Policy Regarding
Transactions with Related Persons    The board of directors of our general partner has adopted a written statement of policy
regarding transactions with related persons, which we refer to as our “related person policy.” Our related person policy requires that a “related person” (as defined as in paragraph (a) of Item 404 of Regulation S-K)
must promptly disclose to the Chief Legal Officer of our general partner any “related person transaction” (defined as any transaction that is reportable by us under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K in which we were or are to be a
participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest) and all material facts with respect thereto. The Chief Legal Officer will then promptly communicate that
information to the board of directors of our general partner. No related person transaction will be consummated without the approval or ratification of the board of directors of our general partner or any committee of the board of directors
consisting exclusively of disinterested directors. It is our policy that directors interested in a related person transaction will recuse themselves from any vote of a related person transaction in which they have an interest.  
 Indemnification of Directors and Officers    Under our partnership agreement, in most circumstances we will indemnify the following persons, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or
several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts: our general partner; any departing general partner; any person who is or was an affiliate of a general partner or any
departing general partner; any person who is or was a member, partner, tax matters partner, officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of us or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of
ours or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner; any person who is or was serving at the request of a general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of a general partner or any departing general
partner as an officer, director, employee, member, partner, agent, fiduciary or trustee of another person; or any person designated by our general partner. We have agreed to provide this indemnification to the extent such person acted in good faith
and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the partnership, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against such person, to deny indemnification if such person
had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings. Any indemnification under these provisions will only be out of our assets. Unless it otherwise
agrees, the general partner will not be personally liable for, or have any obligation to contribute or loan funds or assets to us to enable it to effectuate indemnification. We may purchase insurance against liabilities asserted against and expenses
incurred by persons for our activities, regardless of whether we would have the power to indemnify the person against liabilities under our partnership agreement.    We will also indemnify any of our employees who personally becomes subject to a “clawback” obligation to one of our investment funds in respect of carried interest that we have received. See
“Part I. Item 1. Business—Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure.”  
      267
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements  
 We have entered into a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement with each of our professionals and other senior employees, including
each of our executive officers. See “— Item 11. Executive Compensation—Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements” for a description of the material terms of such agreements.  
 Director Independence  
 Because we are a publicly traded limited partnership, the NYSE rules do not require our general partner’s board to be made up of a
majority of independent directors. All of the non-management directors of our general partner’s board of directors satisfy the independence requirements of the NYSE. These directors are Messrs. Grauer, Jenrette, Light, Mulroney and Parrett and
Ms. Lazarus. Based on all relevant facts and circumstances, our general partner’s board of directors affirmatively determined that the independent directors have no material relationship with us or our general partner. In making a
determination with regard to Mr. Grauer’s independence, our general partner’s board of directors considered Mr. Grauer’s role as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Inner-City Scholarship Fund and
Mr. Schwarzman’s past and currently pledged contributions to the Inner-City Scholarship Fund. The board of directors of our general partner follows the following standards in determining director independence:  
 Under any circumstances, a director is not independent if:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is, or has been within the preceding three years, employed by our general partner or us,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an immediate family member of the director was employed as an executive officer of our general partner or us within the preceding three years,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director, or an immediate family member of that director, received within the preceding three years more than $120,000 in any twelve-month period
in direct compensation from us, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service),
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is a current partner or employee of a firm that is our internal or external auditor; the director has an immediate family member who is a
current partner of such a firm; the director has an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm and personally works on our audit; or the director or an immediate family member of that director was within the last three years a
partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on our or a predecessor’s audit within that time,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director or an immediate family member is, or has been within the preceding three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where
any of our general partner’s present executive officers at the same time serves or served on such other company’s compensation committee, or      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is a current employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received
payments from, us for property or services in an amount which, in any of the preceding three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1,000,000 or two percent (2%) of the consolidated gross revenues of the other company.
   The following commercial or charitable relationships will not be considered to be material relationships
that would impair a director’s independence:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if the director or an immediate family member of that director serves as an executive officer, director or trustee of a charitable organization, and
our annual charitable contributions to that organization (excluding contributions by us under any established matching gift program) are less than the greater of $1,000,000 or two percent (2%) of that organization’s consolidated gross
revenues in its most recent fiscal year, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if the director or an immediate family member of that director (or a company for which the director serves as a director or executive officer) invests
in or alongside of one or more investment funds or investment companies managed by us or any of our subsidiaries, whether or not fees or other incentive arrangements for us or our subsidiaries are borne by the investing person.
 
      268
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES    The following table summarizes the aggregate fees for professional services provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and their respective affiliates
(collectively, the “Deloitte Entities”):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
 Blackstone Entities, Principally Fund Related (d) 
   
    
 Blackstone Funds, Transaction Related (e) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Audit Fees 
    
 $ 
 10,305 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 33,745 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Audit-Related Fees 
    
 $ 
 207 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 244 
    
    
 $ 
 10,862 
    
 
   Tax Fees 
    
 $ 
 538 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 57,914 
    
    
 $ 
 7,235 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
 Blackstone Entities, Principally Fund Related (d) 
   
    
 Blackstone Funds, Transaction Related (e) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Audit Fees 
    
 $ 
 8,636 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 33,273 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Audit-Related Fees 
    
 $ 
 235 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 180 
    
    
 $ 
 19,246 
    
 
   Tax Fees 
    
 $ 
 414 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 45,569 
    
    
 $ 
 2,920 
    
 
   All Other Fees 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 56 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Audit Fees consisted of fees for (1) the audits of our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and services attendant to, or required
by, statute or regulation, (2) reviews of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and (3) consents and other services related to SEC and other regulatory filings.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 Audit-Related Fees include risk advisory services.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Tax Fees consisted of fees for services rendered for tax compliance and tax planning and advisory services.  
 
 
 (d) 
 The Deloitte Entities also provide audit, audit-related and tax services (primarily tax compliance and related services) to certain Blackstone funds and other corporate
entities. Also included in these amounts are audit and tax fees related to the spin-off of Blackstone’s financial advisory practice.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Audit-Related and Tax Fees included merger and acquisition due diligence services provided in connection with potential acquisitions of portfolio companies for
investment purposes primarily to certain private equity and real estate funds managed by Blackstone in its capacity as the general partner. In addition, the Deloitte Entities provide audit, audit-related, tax and other services to the portfolio
companies, which are approved directly by the portfolio company’s management and are not included in the amounts presented here.    Our audit committee charter, which is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance,” requires the audit committee to approve in advance all audit and
non-audit related services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the audit and non-audit related services pre-approval policy. All services reported in the Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and All Other Fees
categories above were approved by the audit committee.  
      269
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES      
 
 
 (a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report.      
 
 
 1. 
 Financial Statements:   
 See Item 8 above.      
 
 
 2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules:     Schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable, and therefore have been omitted.
     
 
 
 3. 
 Exhibits:       
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
   3.1 
    
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
No. 333-141504) filed with the SEC on March 22, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   3.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K (File No. 001-33551) filed with the
SEC on June 27, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   3.2.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
3.2.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
   3.2.2 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P., dated as of November 4, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
3.2.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
   4.1 
    
 Indenture dated as of August 20, 2009 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone
Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
   4.2 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 20, 2009 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II
L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
   4.3 
    
 Form of 6.625% Senior Note due 2019 (included in Exhibit 4.2 and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20,
2009). 
 
 
 
 
   4.4 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 20, 2010, among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone
Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form
 8-K  (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on September 22, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
   4.5 
    
 Form of 5.875% Senior Note due 2021 (included in Exhibit 4.4 hereto). 
      270
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
   4.6 
    
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2012 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II
L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K 
(File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 17, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   4.7 
    
 Form of 4.75% Senior Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.6 hereto). 
 
 
 
 
   4.8 
    
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2012 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II
L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K 
(File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 17, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   4.9 
    
 Form of 6.25% Senior Note due 2042 (included in Exhibit 4.8 hereto). 
 
 
 
 
   4.10 
    
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 7, 2014 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II
L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K 
(File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on April 7, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
   4.11 
    
 Form of 5.000% Senior Note due 2044 (included in Exhibit 4.10 hereto). 
 
 
 
 
   4.12 
    
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2015 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II
L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form  8-K 
(File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on April 27, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
   4.13 
    
 Form of 4.450% Senior Note due 2045 (included in Exhibit 4.12 hereto). 
 
 
 
 
   4.14 
    
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 19, 2015 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II
L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s
Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 19, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
   4.15 
    
 Form of 2.000% Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.14 hereto). 
 
 
 
 
   4.16* 
    
 Guarantor Joinder Agreement dated as of October 1, 2015 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings
III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P. and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 
 
 
 
   4.17* 
    
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 2015 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II
L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee. 
 
 
 
 
  10.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings I L.P., dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. and the limited partners
of Blackstone Holdings I L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13,
2007). 
      271
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.1.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings I L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.1.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. and the limited partners
of Blackstone Holdings II L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13,
2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.2.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.3 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings III L.P., dated as of January 1, 2009, by and among Blackstone Holdings III GP L.L.C. and the
limited partners of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on
March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.3.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings III L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.3.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.4 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., dated as of January 1, 2009, by and among Blackstone Holdings IV GP L.P. and the limited
partners of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No.
 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.4.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.4.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.5* 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., dated as of October 1, 2015. 
 
 
 
 
  10.6 
    
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P. and the limited partners
of Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Blackstone Holdings II L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with
the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.7* 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2015, among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone
Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and the Blackstone Holdings Limited Partners party thereto. 
 
 
 
 
  10.8 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
      272
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.9.1+ 
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File
No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on July 9, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
  10.10+ 
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. Sixth Amended and Restated Bonus Deferral Plan effective as of December 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 27, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.11+ 
    
 Founding Member Agreement of Stephen A. Schwarzman, dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Stephen A. Schwarzman (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.12+ 
    
 Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2008, between Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Laurence A. Tosi (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 12, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.13 
    
 Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2015, between Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Laurence A. Tosi (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 5, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.14+ 
    
 Form of Senior Managing Director Agreement by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and each of the Senior Managing Directors from time to time party thereto (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-141504) filed with the SEC on June 14, 2007). (Applicable to all executive officers other than Messrs. Schwarzman and Peterson). 
 
 
 
 
  10.15+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Restricted Common Unit Award Agreement (Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended June 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.16+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Restricted Blackstone Holdings Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.17 
    
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 23, 2010, as amended and restated as of May 29, 2014, among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., as borrower, Blackstone
Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., as guarantors, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on June 4, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
  10.18 
    
 Letter Agreement between The Blackstone Group L.P. and the Beijing Wonderful Investments Ltd, dated May 22, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the
Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-141504) filed with the SEC on June 4, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.19 
    
 Letter Agreement, dated October 16, 2008, between The Blackstone Group L.P. and Beijing Wonderful Investments Ltd, amending the Letter Agreement, dated May 22, 2007, between The
Blackstone Group L.P. and Beijing Wonderful Investments Ltd (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16.1 to the Registrants’ Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 16, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.20+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BMA V L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BMA V
L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13,
2007). 
      273
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.21+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA
International (Cayman) Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August
13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.21.1+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International L.P.,
dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA International (Cayman) Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q 
for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.22+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International II L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA
International (Cayman) II Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on
August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.23.1+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International II
L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA International (Cayman) II Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.24+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Management Associates IV L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P.
and certain members of Blackstone Management Associates IV L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC
on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.25+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III
L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed
with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.26+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates II L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings
III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates II L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551)
filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.27+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA IV L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA IV
L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.28+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA V L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA V
L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13,
2007). 
      274
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.29+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA VI L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA VI
L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.29.1+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA VI L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among
Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA VI L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the
SEC on May 15, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.30 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Communications Management Associates I L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone
Holdings III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Communications Management Associates I L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No.
001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
  10.31+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BCLA L.L.C., dated as of April 15, 2008, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BCLA L.L.C.
(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.32+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates Europe III L.P., dated as of June 30, 2008 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.33+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Associates L.L.C., dated as of June 30, 2008 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.34+ 
    
 BMA VI L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
  10.35+ 
    
 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001- 33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.36+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Overseas Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.37+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Origination Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
      275
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.38+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.36 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No.  001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.39+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities Overseas Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.40+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Liquidity Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.41+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Liquidity Overseas Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No.  001-33551)  filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.42+ 
    
 Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Associates LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No.  001-33551)  filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.43+ 
    
 Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Overseas Associates LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2009 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.44+ 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Associates II L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.45+ 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Management Associates Europe L.P. Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of June 30, 2009 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.46+ 
    
 BRECA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant’s Quarterly
Report on 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
  10.47 
    
 Amended and Restated Master Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between 113CS LLC and Blackstone Management Partners IV, L.L.C., dated as of February 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 28, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.48 
    
 GSO Targeted Opportunity Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Dated as of December 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to
the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 (File No.  001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 10,
2010). 
      276
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.49 
    
 GSO Targeted Opportunity Overseas Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.49 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 10, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
  10.50 
    
 BCVA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Registrant’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 6, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
  10.51 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of MB Asia REA L.P., dated November 23, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 25, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
  10.52 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO SJ Partners Associates LLC, dated December 7, 2010, by and among GSO Holdings I L.L.C. and certain members of GSO SJ
Partners Associates LLC thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
  10.53+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities Associates II LP, dated as of December 31, 2015. 
 
 
 
 
  10.54 
    
 Blackstone EMA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
  10.55 
    
 GSO NMERB Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
  10.56 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P. Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of September 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File No.  001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
  10.56.1 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P. Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of September 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.53.1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2011 (File No.  001-33551)  filed with the SEC on February 28,
2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.57 
    
 GSO Energy Partners-A Associates LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 (File No.  001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.58 
    
 BTOA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.59+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement for Senior Managing Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2012). 
      277
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.60+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Commercial Real Estate Debt Associates L.L.C., dated as of November 12, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.61+ 
    
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Innovations L.L.C., dated November 2, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.62+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Innovations (Cayman) III L.P., dated November 2, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 (File No.  001-33551)  filed with the SEC on November 2, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
  10.63+ 
    
 GSO Foreland Resources Co-Invest Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.60 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
  10.64+ 
    
 GSO Palmetto Opportunistic Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
  10.65+ 
    
 Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2010, between Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and John G. Finley (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Registrant’s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
  10.66+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Associates Asia L.P., dated February 26, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.63 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
  10.67+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Associates Europe IV L.P., dated February 26, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.64 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 28, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
  10.68+ 
    
 Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between XB Partners LLC and Blackstone Administrative Services Partnership L.P. dated as of February 27, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.65 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 27, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.69+ 
    
 Form of GSO Senior Managing Director Agreement by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and each of the Senior Managing Directors from time to time party thereto (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 27, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.70+ 
    
 Form of GSO Senior Managing Director Non-Compensation and Non-Solicitation Agreement by and among Blackstone Holding among Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L. P.,
Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and each of the Senior Managing Directors from time to time party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 27, 2015). 
      278
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  10.71+ 
    
 Form of Performance Earn Out Letter Agreement by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P., GSO Holdings I L.L.C. and each of the GSO individuals party thereto (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 8, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.72+ 
    
 Performance Earn Out Side Letter by and between Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Bennett J.
Goodman dated February 24, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 8, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.73+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement between The Blackstone Group L.P. and each GSO participant party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the
Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 8, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.74 
    
 Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between 113CS LLC and Blackstone Administrative Services Partnership L.P., dated as of January 15, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015  (File No. 001-33551)  filed with the SEC on May 8, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.75+ 
    
 Form of Special Equity Award — Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement under The Blackstone Group L.P. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 6, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
  10.76+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of BREP Edens Associates L.P., dated as of December 18, 2013. 
 
 
 
 
  10.77+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempt Limited Partnership of Blackstone AG Associates L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective as of May 30,
2014. 
 
 
 
 
  10.78+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of BREP OMP Associates L.P., dated as of June 27, 2014. 
 
 
 
 
  10.79+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone OBS Associates L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective July 25, 2014. 
 
 
 
 
  10.80+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone EMA II L.L.C., dated as of October 21, 2014. 
 
 
 
 
  10.81+* 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Liberty Place Associates L.P., dated as of February 9, 2015. 
 
 
 
 
  10.82+* 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of BPP Core Asia Associates L.P., dated February 16, 2016 and deemed effective March 18, 2015. 

 
 
 
 
  10.83+* 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of BPP Core Asia Associates-NQ L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective March 18,
2015. 
 
 
 
 
  10.84+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Associates VIII L.P., dated as of March 27, 2015. 
 
 
 
 
  10.85+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BMA VII L.L.C., dated as of May 13, 2015. 
 
 
 
 
  10.86+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempt Limited Partnership of Blackstone Property Associates International L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective as of July 15,
2015. 
 
 
 
 
  10.87+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempt Limited Partnership of Blackstone Property Associates International-NQ L.P., dated as of February 16, 2016 and deemed effective July 28,
2015. 
      279
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 
 
 
  21.1* 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 
 
 
  23.1* 
    
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 
 
 
 
 
  31.1* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 
 
 
  31.2* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 
 
 
  32.1* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished
herewith). 
 
 
 
 
  32.2* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished
herewith). 
 
 
 
 
  99.1* 
    
 Section 13(r) Disclosure. 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS* 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
     
 
 
 * 
 Filed herewith.  
 
 
 + 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate.  
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure
other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made
solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.  
      280
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    Date: February 26, 2016  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., 
 
 
   
 its General Partner 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   /s/ Michael S. Chae 
 
 Name: 
   
 Michael S. Chae 
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
   
 (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 26th day of February, 2016.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 


 
 
 
 
   /s/ Stephen A. Schwarzman 
 Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Bennett J. Goodman 
 Bennett J. Goodman 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jonathan D. Gray 
 Jonathan D. Gray 
    
   Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ J. Tomilson Hill 
 J. Tomilson Hill 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Hamilton E. James 
 Hamilton E. James 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Peter T. Grauer 
 Peter T. Grauer 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Richard Jenrette 
 Richard Jenrette 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Rochelle B. Lazarus 
 Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jay O. Light   Jay O. Light 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Brian Mulroney   Brian Mulroney 
    
 Director 
      281
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Signature 
    
   Title 


 
 
 
 
   /s/ William G. Parrett 
 William G. Parrett 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael S. Chae 
 Michael S. Chae 
    
   Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Kathleen Skero   Kathleen Skero 
    
   Principal Accounting Officer   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
      282
 

 
 
 
