
 10-K
 1
 clorox_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT
 

 
 
    
 

 
 
 Table of
Contents 
 
 

 UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
20549 ____________________
 FORM
10-K ____________________  
 

   
     þ 
           
     
     Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
   
     
       
     for
      the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014 
   
       
     
     OR 
   
     o 
     
     Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 

   
     for
      the transition period from   _______  to
      _______. 
   
     Commission file number:
1-07151 
 THE CLOROX
COMPANY (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)   
 
 

   
     Delaware 
            
     31-0595760 
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer 
   
     incorporation or organization) 
     
     Identification Number) 
 1221 Broadway, Oakland,
California 94612-1888 (Address
of principal executive offices) (ZIP code)  
 (510)
271-7000 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
 
 

   
     Title of each class 
            
     Name of each exchange on which
      registered 
   
     Common Stock–$1.00 par value 
     
     New
      York Stock Exchange 
 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of class)  
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act. Yes  þ . No  o . 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
 o . No
 þ . 
 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
 þ .
No  o . 

 


 
 Table of
Contents 


 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web
site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). Yes  þ . No  o . 

 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  þ . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,”
“accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):    
 
 
	 
 Large accelerated filer  þ 
	 
	 
 Accelerated filer  o 
	 
	 
 Non-accelerated filer  o 
	 
	 
 Smaller reporting company  o 
	 
 
 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes  ¨ . No  þ . 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2013 (the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second quarter) was approximately $11.9 billion.    
 As of July 31, 2014, there were 128,845,437 shares of the registrant’s common
stock outstanding.  
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference:    
 
 Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), to be filed within 120 days after June 30, 2014, are incorporated by reference into
Part III, Items 10 through 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 
 

 


 
 Table of
Contents 
 THE CLOROX
COMPANY ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2014 TABLE
OF CONTENTS  
 

   
     
             
     
             
     
           
     
     Page 
   
     Part I 
     
     Item 1. 
     
     Business 
     
     5 
   
     
     
     Item 1.A. 
     
     Risk Factors 
     
     10 
   
     
     
     Item 1.B. 
     
     Unresolved Staff
      Comments 
     
     20 
   
     
     
     Item 2. 
     
     Properties 
       
     20 
   
     
     
     Item 3. 
     
     Legal
    Proceedings 
     
     20 
   
     
     
     Item 4. 
     
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     
     20 
   
     Part II 
     
     Item 5. 
     
     Market for Registrant’s
      Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and 
     
     
   
     
       
     
     
             Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     
     23 
   
     
     
     Item 6. 
       
     Selected Financial Data 
     
     24 
   
       
     
     Item 7. 
     
     Management’s Discussion and
      Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     
     24 
   
     
     
     Item 7.A. 
     
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
      Risk 
     
     24 
   
     
     
     Item 8. 
     
     Financial Statements and
      Supplementary Data 
     
     24 
   
     
     
     Item 9. 
     
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
      and Financial Disclosure 
     
     24 
   
     
     
     Item 9.A. 
     
     Controls and
      Procedures 
     
     24 
   
     
     
     Item 9.B. 
     
     Other Information 
     
     24 
   
     Part
III 
     
     Item 10. 
     
     Directors, Executive
      Officers and Corporate Governance 
     
     25 
   
     
     
     Item 11. 
     
     Executive Compensation 
     
     25 
   
     
     
     Item 12. 
     
     Security Ownership of
      Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
     
     
   
     
     
     
     
             Stockholder Matters 
     
     25 
   
     
     
     Item 13. 
     
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
      Director Independence 
     
     25 
   
     
     
     Item 14. 
     
     Principal Accounting Fees
      and Services 
     
     25 
   
     Part IV 
     
     Item 15. 
     
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
     
     26 
   
     Signatures 
     
     30 
 3 
 


 

 Table of Contents 

 
 PART I   
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014 (this Report), including the exhibits hereto and the information incorporated by reference herein, contains “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and such forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties. Except for historical information, matters discussed below, including statements about future volume, sales, costs, cost savings, earnings, cash flows, plans, objectives, expectations, growth or profitability, are forward-looking
statements based on management’s estimates, assumptions and projections. Words such as “will,” “could,” “may,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “targets,” “goals,”
“projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates” and variations on such words, and similar expressions, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are only predictions, subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Important factors that could affect performance and cause results to differ materially from
management’s expectations are described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Report, as updated from time to time in
the Company’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings.    
 
 The Company’s forward-looking statements in this Report are based on management’s current views and assumptions regarding future events and speak only as of their dates. The Company undertakes no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by the federal securities laws.    
 
 In this Report, unless the context requires otherwise, the terms “the Company” and “Clorox” refer to The Clorox Company and its subsidiaries.   
 
 4 

 


 
 Table of
Contents 
 ITEM 1.
BUSINESS 
 Overview of
Business 
 The Clorox Company is a
leading multinational manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional
products with approximately 8,200 employees worldwide as of June 30, 2014, and
fiscal year 2014 net sales of $5.6 billion. Clorox sells its products primarily
through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, distributors, and medical
supply providers. Clorox markets some of the most trusted and recognized
consumer brand names, including its namesake bleach and cleaning products , 
Kingsford ®  charcoal, Pine-Sol ®  cleaners,
Liquid-Plumr ® , Poett ®  home care products, Fresh
Step ®  cat litter, Glad ®  bags, wraps and containers, Hidden
Valley ®  and KC Masterpiece ®  dressings and sauces,
Brita ®  water-filtration products and Burt’s Bees ®  natural
personal care products. The Company also markets brands for professional
services, including Clorox Healthcare ®  and Dispatch ® 
infection control products for the healthcare industry. The Company manufactures
products in more than a dozen countries and markets them in more than 100
countries. More than 80% of the Company’s brands hold the No. 1 or No. 2 market
share positions in their categories. The Company manufactures products in more
than a dozen countries and markets them in more than 100 countries. The Company
was founded in Oakland, Calif., in 1913 and is incorporated in
Delaware. 
 The Company’s strategy is
focused on creating stockholder value by investing in new and existing sales
channels and countries with profitable growth potential and attractive
categories. In particular the Company continues to reshape its portfolio toward
businesses aligned with consumer megatrends in the areas of health and wellness,
sustainability, consumer fragmentation and affordability/value. 
 In fiscal year 2014, the
Company introduced its 2020 Strategy, its strategic growth plan, which focuses
on long-term, profitable growth and strong stockholder returns through the year
2020. These long-term financial goals include annual net sales growth of 3-5%,
market share growth, annual EBIT margin growth between 25-50 basis points and
annual free cash flow as a percentage of net sales of about 10-12%. The Company
faced a difficult environment in fiscal year 2014, including unfavorable foreign
exchange rates, soft categories in U.S. retail and increased competitive
activity. To address these challenges the Company introduced line extensions,
new products and product improvements, including Clorox ®  Smart Seek™
bleach, which brightens white areas of mostly white striped or patterned
clothes; Clorox ®  disinfecting wipes for glass and tub and shower,
which expand the use of wipes into new areas of the home;
Liquid-Plumr ®  hair clog eliminator; Clorox ®  Fraganzia™
scented bleach, which offers fresh new scents combined with splash-less
technology; and Burt’s Bees ®  facial towelettes and lip crayons. In
addition, the Company continued to expand its professional products business
through product innovation and partnerships, including finalizing a partnership
to offer ultraviolet technology for professional healthcare surface
disinfection. Internationally, the Company focused on the expansion of its
Burt’s Bees ®  brand, which continued its strong growth, and expanded
its adjacent countries in various locations, including the Middle East and North
Africa. In fiscal year 2014, the Company repurchased approximately three million
shares of its common stock for $260 million, returned $368 million in dividends
to stockholders and announced a 4% increase in its quarterly dividend payable in
August 2014. 
 Finally, the Company continued
its commitment to corporate responsibility by maintaining strong, transparent
governance practices and continuing to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions,
water and energy use and waste to landfills. The Company was also recognized as
one of the most responsible companies by Corporate Responsibility magazine and
one of the greenest companies in the 2014 Newsweek Green Rankings. In fiscal
year 2014, The Clorox Company Foundation awarded approximately $4 million in
cash grants, and the Company made product donations valued at approximately $9
million and contributed another $1 million to deserving nonprofits through cause
marketing programs for social and charitable causes. 
 For additional information on
recent business developments, refer to the information set forth under the
caption “Executive Overview” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” on page 1 of Exhibit 99.1
hereto, incorporated herein by reference. 

 5   
 

 
 Table of
Contents 


 Financial Information About
Operating Segments and Principal Products 
 The Company operates through
strategic business units that are aggregated into four reportable segments:
Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle and International. The four reportable segments
consist of the following: 
 Cleaning  consists of laundry, home care and professional
  products marketed and sold in the United States. Products within this segment
  include laundry additives, including bleach products under the
  Clorox ®  brand and Clorox 2 ®  stain fighter and color
  booster; home care products, primarily under the Clorox ® , Formula
  409 ® , Liquid-Plumr ® , Pine-Sol ® ,
   S.O.S ®  and  Tilex ®  brands; naturally derived products
  under the Green Works ®  brand; and professional cleaning and
  disinfecting products under the Clorox ® , Dispatch ® ,
  Aplicare ® , HealthLink ®  and Clorox Healthcare ® 
  brands. 
   Household  consists of charcoal, cat litter and plastic
  bags, wraps and container products marketed and sold in the United States.
  Products within this segment include plastic bags,  wraps and  containers under
  the Glad ®  brand; cat litter products under the Fresh
  Step ® ,  Scoop Away ®  and  Ever Clean ®  brands;
  and charcoal products under the Kingsford ®  and Match
  Light ®  brands.   
   Lifestyle  consists of food products, water-filtration
  systems and filters and natural personal care products marketed and sold in
  the United States. Products within this segment include dressings and sauces,
  primarily under the Hidden Valley ® , KC Masterpiece ®  and
  Soy Vay ®  brands; water-filtration systems and filters under the
  Brita ®  brand; and natural personal care products under the Burt’s
  Bees ®  brand. International  consists of products sold outside the United
  States. Products within this segment include laundry, home care,
  water-filtration, charcoal and cat litter products, dressings and sauces,
  plastic bags, wraps and  containers and  natural personal care products,
  primarily under the Clorox ® , Javex ® , Glad ® ,
  PinoLuz ® , Ayudin ® , Limpido ® ,
  Clorinda ® , Poett ® , Mistolin ® ,
  Lestoil ® , Bon Bril ® , Nevex ® ,
  Brita ® , Green Works ® , Pine-Sol ® , Agua
  Jane ® , Chux ® , Kingsford ® , Fresh
  Step ® , Scoop Away ® , Ever Clean ® , KC
  Masterpiece ® , Hidden Valley ®  and Burt’s Bees ® 
  brands. 
 Three of the Company’s product
lines have accounted for 10% or more of consolidated net sales during each of
the past three fiscal years. In fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, sales of
liquid bleach represented approximately 13%, 14% and 14% of the Company’s
consolidated net sales, respectively, approximately 26%, 26% and 26% of net
sales in the Cleaning segment, respectively, and approximately 27%, 28% and 27%
of net sales in the International segment, respectively. Sales of trash bags
represented approximately 13% of the Company’s consolidated net sales in each of
the fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, approximately 36%, 37% and 35% of net
sales in the Household segment, respectively, and approximately 8%, 10% and 10%
of net sales in the International segment, respectively. Sales of charcoal
represented approximately 11%, 10% and 11% of the Company’s consolidated net
sales and approximately 34%, 32% and 35% of net sales in the Household segment
in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.   

 6 
 


 

 Table of Contents 


 Information about the results
of each of the Company’s reportable segments for the last three fiscal years and
total assets as of the end of the last three fiscal years, reconciled to the
consolidated results, is set forth below. For additional information, refer to
the information set forth under the caption “Segment Results from Continuing
Operations” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations,” on page 7 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 
 

   
     (Dollars in millions) 
     
     Fiscal Year 
     
     Cleaning 
     
     Household 
     
     Lifestyle 
     
     International 
     
     Corporate 
     
     Total Company 
   
     Net sales 
            
     2014 
            
     $ 
           
      1,776 
            
     $ 
           
      1,709 
            
     $ 
           
      936 
            
     $ 
           
      1,170 
            
     $      
     
     - 
     
            
     $ 
           
      5,591 
   
     
       
     2013 
       
     
     1,783 
       
       
     1,693 
     
     
     929 
     
     
     1,218 
     
     
     - 
       
       
       
     5,623 
   
     
     
     2012 
     
       
     1,692 
     
     
     1,676 
     
     
     901 
     
     
     1,199 
     
     
     - 
     
     
     
     5,468 
   
        
   
     Earnings (losses) from
      continuing 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     operations before
      income taxes 
     
     2014 
     
     
     428 
     
     
     326 
     
     
     258 
     
     
     76 
     
     
     (227 
     ) 
     
     
     861 
   
     
     
     2013 
     
     
     420 
     
     
     336 
     
     
     259 
     
     
     96 
     
     
     (258 
     ) 
     
     
     853 
   
     
     
     2012 
     
     
     381 
     
     
     298 
     
     
     265 
     
     
     119 
     
     
     (272 
     ) 
     
     
     791 
   
          
   
     Total assets 
     
     2014 
     
     
     887 
     
     
     745 
     
     
     869 
     
     
     1,190 
     
       
     567 
     
     
     
     4,258 
   
     
     
     2013 
     
     
     905 
     
     
     799 
       
       
     878 
       
       
     1,202 
       
     
     527 
     
     
     
     4,311 
   
     
     
     2012 
     
     
     942 
     
     
     818 
     
     
     887 
     
     
     1,219 
     
     
     489 
     
     
     
     4,355 


 Principal Markets and
Methods of Distribution 
 In the United States, most of
the Company’s products are nationally advertised and sold to mass merchandisers,
warehouse clubs, and dollar, military and other types of retail stores primarily
through a direct sales force, and to grocery stores and grocery wholesalers
primarily through a combination of direct sales teams and a network of brokers .
The  Company sells institutional, janitorial, and
food-service versions of many of its products through distributors, and sells
healthcare products through a direct sales force and medical supply providers.
Outside the United States, the Company sells products to the retail trade
through subsidiaries, licensees, distributors and joint-venture arrangements
with local partners. Additionally, the Company sells many of its products
through online retailers and sells its Burt’s Bees ®  natural personal
care products directly to consumers online. 
 Financial Information About
Foreign and Domestic Operations 
 For detailed financial
information about the Company’s foreign and domestic operations, including net
sales and property, plant and equipment, net, by geographic area, see Note 19 –
 Segment Reporting  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
beginning on page  61  of Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

 Sources and Availability of
Raw Materials   
 The Company purchases raw
materials from numerous unaffiliated domestic and international suppliers, some
of which are sole-source or single-source suppliers. Interruptions in the
delivery of these materials could adversely impact the Company. Key raw
materials used by the Company include resin, diesel, sodium hypochlorite,
corrugate and agricultural commodities. Sufficient raw materials were available
during fiscal year 2014 but costs for many materials continued to increase amid
volatility and inflation in some key geographic and commodity markets, which the
Company expects to continue in fiscal year 2015. The Company generally utilizes
supply and forward-purchase contracts to help ensure availability and help
manage the volatility of the pricing of raw materials needed in its operations.
However, the Company is nonetheless highly exposed over the short term to
changes in the prices of commodities used as raw materials in the manufacturing
of its products. For further information regarding the impact of changes in
commodity prices, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” on page 17 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto and “Risk Factors –
Volatility and increases in the costs of raw materials, energy, transportation,
labor and other necessary supplies or services could harm the Company’s profits”
in Item 1.A herein. 


 7 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 



 Patents and
Trademarks 
 Most of the Company’s brand
name consumer products are protected by registered trademarks. The Company’s
brand names and trademarks are highly important to its business, and the Company
vigorously protects its trademarks from apparent infringements. Maintenance of
brand equity value is critical to the Company’s success. The Company’s patent
rights are also material to its business and are asserted, where appropriate,
against apparent infringements.  
 Seasonality
 
 Most sales of the Company’s
charcoal products occur in the first six months of each calendar year. A
moderate seasonality trend also occurs in the net sales of the Company’s Burt’s
Bees ®  natural personal care products, with slightly more than half of
the annual net sales occurring during the months of October through March.
Short-term borrowings may be used to fund inventories of those products in the
off season. 
 Customers  
 Net sales to the Company’s
largest customer, Walmart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, were 26% of
consolidated net sales for each of the fiscal years ended 2014, 2013 and 2012
and occurred in each of the Company’s reportable segments. No other customers
accounted for more than 10% of consolidated net sales in any of these fiscal
years. During fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company’s five largest
customers accounted for 45%, 45% and 44% of its net sales, respectively, and its
ten largest customers accounted for 55% of its net sales for each of the three
fiscal years. 
 Competition   
 The markets for consumer
products are highly competitive. Most of the Company’s products compete with
other nationally advertised brands within each category and with “private label”
brands. Competition comes from similar and alternative products, some of which
are produced and marketed by major multinational or national companies having
financial resources greater than those of the Company. Depending on the product,
the Company’s products compete on product performance, brand recognition, price,
value or other benefits to consumers. A newly introduced consumer product
(whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition
requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade
merchandising support. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally
requires continued advertising and promotional support and ongoing product
improvements to maintain its relative market position. 
 Research and Development
 
 The Company conducts research
and development primarily at its facility located in Pleasanton, Calif., which
the Company has leased since 2011. The Pleasanton facility consists of
approximately 357,000 square feet of leased space, utilizing state-of-the-art
labs and open work spaces to encourage creativity, collaboration and innovation.
In addition to the leased facility in Pleasanton, Calif., the Company conducts
research and development activities in Meriden, Ct.; Kennesaw, Ga.; Willowbrook,
Il.; Midland, Mi.; Durham, NC; Cincinnati, Oh.; and Buenos Aires,
Argentina. 
 The Company devotes
significant resources and attention to product development, process technology
and consumer insight research to develop commercially viable consumer-preferred
products with innovative and distinctive features. The Company incurred expenses
of $125 million, $130 million and $121 million in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and
2012, respectively, on direct research activities relating to the development of
new products and/or the maintenance and improvement of existing products. In
addition, the Company also obtains technologies from third parties for use in
its products. Royalties relating to such technologies are reflected in the
Company’s cost of sales. For further information regarding the Company’s
research and development costs, see “Research and development costs” in
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” on page 5 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 
 8 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Environmental
Matters   
 For information regarding
noncapital expenditures related to environmental matters, see the discussions
below under “Risk Factors – Environmental matters create potential liabilities”
in Item 1.A. No material capital expenditures relating to environmental
compliance are presently anticipated. 
 Number of Persons
Employed 
 As of June 30, 2014, the
Company employed approximately 8,200 people. 
 Available
Information 
 The Company’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or
15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on the Company’s website, free of
charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically
filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports are available at
TheCloroxCompany.com under Investors/Financial Reporting/SEC Filings.
Information relating to corporate governance at Clorox, including the Company’s
Code of Conduct, the Clorox Company Board of Directors Governance Guidelines and
Board Committee charters, including charters for the Management Development and
Compensation Committee, the Audit Committee, the Finance Committee and the
Nominating and Governance Committee, is available at TheCloroxCompany.com under
Corporate Responsibility/Performance/Corporate Governance or
http://www.thecloroxcompany.com/corporate-responsibility/performance/corporate-governance.
The Company will provide any of the foregoing information without charge upon
written request to Corporate Communications, The Clorox Company, 1221 Broadway,
Oakland, CA 94612-1888. The information contained on the Company’s website is
not included as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report.
 

 9 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 ITEM 1.A. RISK
FACTORS 
 The risks and uncertainties
set forth below, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Report or
in other filings by the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional
risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to the Company or that are
not currently believed by the Company to be material may also harm the Company’s
business operations and financial results. 
 The Company is subject to
risks related to its international operations.  
 In fiscal year 2014,
approximately 20% of the Company’s net sales were generated in international
markets. The Company faces and will continue to face substantial risks
associated with having foreign operations, including: 

 
 challenges in Venezuela, where
  the Company’s business and cash flows have been and continue to be adversely
  impacted by governmental restrictions such as currency exchange,  price and 
  margin controls, as well as other difficult operating
conditions; 
   challenges in Argentina, where
  the devaluation of the Argentine peso has negatively affected the Company’s
  net sales and net earnings; 
   economic or political
  instability, particularly in Venezuela and Argentina; 
   
 price controls and related
  government actions, particularly in Venezuela and Argentina; 
   foreign currency fluctuations,
  currency controls and inflation, which may adversely affect the Company’s
  ability to do business in certain markets and reduce the U.S. dollar value of
  revenues, profits or cash flows it receives from non-U.S.
  markets; 
   difficulty in obtaining
  non-local currency (e.g., U.S. dollars) to pay for the raw materials needed to
  manufacture the Company’s products and contract-manufactured products,
  particularly in Venezuela and Argentina; 
   restrictions on or costs
  relating to the repatriation of foreign profits to the United States,
  including possible taxes or withholding obligations on any repatriations,
  particularly in Venezuela and Argentina; 
   the imposition of tariffs, trade
  restrictions, import and export laws or other government actions generating a
  negative impact on the Company’s business; 
   the possibility of
  nationalization, expropriation of assets or other similar government actions,
  particularly in Venezuela and Argentina; 
   difficulties in hiring and
  retaining qualified local employees; 
   civil unrest, work stoppages and
  labor disputes; 
   difficulties in obtaining or
  unavailability of raw materials; 
   increased credit risk of local
  customers, suppliers and distributors; 
   difficulties in enforcing
  intellectual property and contractual rights; and 
   challenges relating to
  enforcement of or compliance with laws. 
 Many of the risks
described above are particularly acute in Venezuela. The operating environment
in Venezuela is challenging, with high inflation, political instability,
governmental restrictions in the form of currency exchange, price and margin
controls and the possibility of government actions such as further devaluations,
business occupations and intervention or expropriation of assets. For nearly
three years, more than two thirds of the Company’s products in Venezuela have
been subject to price controls despite  significant double-digit  inflation. In
addition, the foreign exchange controls in Venezuela limit the Venezuela
business’s ability to remit dividends and pay intercompany balances. For further
information regarding Venezuela, see “ Venezuela ” in
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” on page 9 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 
 Argentina also presents
a difficult operating environment, including price controls on some of the
Company’s products, a devaluing currency and inflation. In addition, in July
2014, the Argentine government defaulted on debt payment agreements. For further
information regarding Argentina, see “ Argentina ” in “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 11 of Exhibit
99.1 hereto. 
 More broadly, the risks
described above could have a significant adverse impact on the Company’s ability
to commercialize its products on a competitive basis in international markets
and may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial
position. For example, lower prices resulting from price controls could continue
to adversely affect the Company’s margins, profitability and cash flow, and make
it difficult for the Company to offset other risks, such as high inflation. The
Company’s small sales volume in some countries, relative to some multinational
and local competitors, could exacerbate such risks. 



 10 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 In addition, the Company is
exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its sales,
profits and cash flow driven by movements of the U.S. dollar relative to other
currencies. Although the Company uses instruments to hedge certain foreign
currency risks, these hedges only offset a small portion of the Company’s
exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and, therefore, the Company’s reported
earnings may be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 Inflation is another risk
associated with the Company’s international operations. For example, Venezuela
has been designated, for financial reporting purposes, as a highly inflationary
economy, and Argentina could in the future be designated as such. Gains and
losses resulting from the remeasurement of non-U.S. dollar monetary assets and
liabilities of subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are
recorded in net earnings. Other countries in which the Company operates may also
become highly inflationary or such countries’ currencies may be devalued, or
both, which may negatively impact the Company’s operations. 

 The Company faces intense
competition in its markets, which could lead to reduced net sales, profitability
and cash flow. 
 The Company faces intense competition from
consumer product companies both in the United States and in its international
markets. Most of the Company’s products compete with other widely advertised
brands within each product category. The Company also faces competition from
retailers, including club stores, dollar stores and mass merchandisers, which
are increasingly offering “private label” brands that are typically sold at
lower prices and compete with the Company’s products in certain categories.
During times of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to purchase more private
label or other economy brands. Increased purchases of private label products
could reduce sales volumes of the Company’s higher-margin products or there
could be a shift in product mix to lower-margin offerings. 

 The Company’s products
generally compete on the basis of product performance, brand recognition, price,
value or other benefits to consumers. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and
packaging also have significant impacts on consumer purchasing decisions, and
the Company is increasingly using digital media marketing and promotional
programs to reach consumers. A newly introduced consumer product (whether
improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring
substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade
merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires
continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain
its relative market position. If the Company’s advertising, marketing and
promotional programs, including its use of digital media to reach consumers, are
not effective or adequate, the Company’s sales and volume may be negatively
impacted. 
 Some of the Company’s
competitors are larger than the Company and have greater financial resources.
These competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and
promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond
more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than the Company
can. In addition, the Company’s competitors may attempt to gain market share by
offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by the Company.
Competitive activity may require the Company to increase its spending on
advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices, which could lead to reduced
profits and adversely affect growth. 
 Unfavorable worldwide,
regional and local economic conditions and financial market volatility may
negatively impact the Company and consumers of its products, which would
negatively affect the Company’s financial performance and
liquidity. 


 Although the Company continues
to devote significant resources to support its brands, unfavorable economic
conditions may continue to negatively affect consumer demand for the Company’s
products. Consumers may also be sensitive to economic uncertainty or unfavorable
economic conditions and reduce discretionary spending, which may lead to reduced
sales volumes or cause a shift in the Company’s product mix from higher-margin
to lower-margin products. Consumers may increase purchases of lower-priced or
non-branded products and the Company’s competitors may increase levels of
promotional activity for lower-priced products as they seek to maintain sales
volumes during uncertain economic times, which may negatively impact the
Company’s sales and volume. 

 Global markets continued to
experience significant disruptions during fiscal year 2014, and continuing
volatility, particularly in Venezuela and Argentina, could continue to harm the
Company’s business. Although the Company currently generates significant cash
flows from ongoing operations overall and has access to global credit markets
through its financing activities and existing credit facilities to meet its
current needs, if the current credit conditions were to significantly worsen,
the Company might not be able to access credit markets on favorable terms when
needed, which could adversely affect the Company’s liquidity and capital
resources. Financial market volatility and unfavorable economic conditions may
also adversely affect the financial condition of the Company’s customers,
suppliers and other business partners. If customers’ financial conditions are
severely affected, customers may reduce their purchases of the Company’s
products or the Company may not be able to collect accounts receivable, each of
which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results. 

 11 
 

 
 Table of Contents 


 Volatility and increases in
the costs of raw materials, energy, transportation, labor and other necessary
supplies or services could harm the Company’s profits and cash flow.
 
 Volatility and increases in
the costs of raw materials, including resin, sodium hypochlorite, linerboard,
soybean oil, solvent, corrugate and other chemicals and agricultural
commodities, or increases in the cost of energy, transportation, labor and other
necessary supplies or services may harm the Company’s profits and operating
results. The Company anticipates continued commodity and other cost increases in
fiscal year 2015. If such increases occur or exceed the Company’s estimates and
the Company is not able to increase the prices of its products or achieve cost
savings to offset such cost increases, its profits and operating results will be
harmed. In addition, if the Company increases the prices of its products in
response to increases in the cost of commodities, and commodity costs decline,
the Company may not be able to sustain its price increases. Sustained price
increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may not adjust their
prices or customers may decide not to pay the higher prices, which could lead to
sales declines and loss of market share. While the Company seeks to project
tradeoffs between price increases and volume, its projections may not accurately
predict the volume impact of price increases, which could adversely affect its
financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding
the impact of changes in commodity costs, see “Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 17 of Exhibit 99.1
hereto. 



 To reduce the cost volatility
associated with anticipated commodity purchases, the Company uses derivative
instruments, including commodity futures and swaps. The extent of the Company’s
derivative position at any given time depends on the Company’s assessment of the
markets for these commodities, the cost volatility in the markets and the cost
of the derivative instruments. Many of the commodities used by the Company in
its products do not have actively traded derivative instruments. If the Company
does not or is unable to take a derivative position and costs subsequently
increase, or if it institutes a position and costs subsequently decrease, the
Company’s costs may be greater than anticipated or higher than its competitors’
costs and the Company’s financial results could be adversely
affected. 
 Sales growth objectives may
be difficult to achieve, and price increases, market and category declines and
changes to the Company’s product and geographic mix may adversely impact the
Company’s financial results.   
 A large percentage of the
Company’s revenues comes from mature markets that are subject to high levels of
competition. During fiscal year 2014, approximately 80% of the Company’s net
sales were generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for cleaning products are
generally characterized by high household penetration. The Company’s ability to
achieve sales growth depends on its ability to drive growth through innovation,
investment in its established brands and enhanced merchandising and its ability
to capture market share from competitors. If the Company is unable to increase
market share in existing product lines, develop product improvements, undertake
sales, marketing and advertising initiatives that grow its product categories
and develop, acquire or successfully launch new products, it may not achieve its
sales growth objectives. Even when the Company is successful in increasing sales
within particular product categories, a continuing or accelerating decline in
the overall markets for its products can have a negative impact on the Company’s
financial results. 
 In addition, changes to the
mix of products the Company sells, as well as the mix of countries in which its
products are sold, can adversely impact the Company’s operating expenses, the
amount of revenue and the timing of revenue recognition, which could cause its
profitability and cash flow to suffer. The Company’s financial outlook assumes a
certain volume and product mix of sales, and if actual results vary from this
projected volume and product mix of sales, the Company’s operations and results
could be negatively affected. 

 Dependence on key customers
could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results
of operations.  
 A limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the
Company’s net sales. Net sales to the Company’s largest customer, Walmart
Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, were 26% of consolidated net sales for each of
the fiscal years ended 2014, 2013 and 2012, and occurred in each of the
Company’s reportable segments. No other customers accounted for more than 10% of
consolidated net sales in any of these fiscal years. During fiscal years 2014,
2013 and 2012, the Company’s five largest customers accounted for 45%, 45% and
44% of its net sales, respectively, and its ten largest customers accounted for
55% of its net sales for each of the three fiscal years. The Company expects
that a significant portion of its revenues will continue to be derived from a
small number of customers. As a result, changes in the strategies of the
Company’s largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they
carry or a shift of shelf space to “private label” or competitors’ products, may
harm the Company’s sales and reduce the ability of the Company to bring new
innovative and improved products to consumers. 

 12 
 

 
 Table of Contents 



 In addition, the Company’s
business is based primarily upon individual sales orders, and the Company
typically does not enter into long-term contracts with its customers.
Accordingly, these customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease
buying products from the Company at any time and for any reason. If the Company
does not effectively respond to the demands of its customers, they could
decrease their purchases from the Company, causing the Company’s sales and
profits to decline. Furthermore, unfavorable market conditions or competitive
pressures may cause the Company’s customers to reevaluate the number and mix of
brands they sell, resulting in lower purchases of the Company’s products by
these customers. 
 The Company continues to
see retailer consolidation both in the United States and internationally. This
trend has resulted in the increased size and influence of large consolidated
retailers, who may change their business strategies, demand lower pricing or
special packaging or impose other requirements on product suppliers. These
business demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics, a shift in focus
away from branded products toward private label or other aspects of the
customer-supplier relationship. Such consolidated companies could also exert
additional competitive pressure on other customers of the Company, which could
in turn negatively impact the Company’s sales. If the Company ceases doing
business with a significant customer or if sales of its products to a
significant customer materially decrease due to customer inventory reductions or
otherwise, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations
may be harmed. 

 Government regulations
could impose material costs. 
 Generally, the manufacture,
packaging, labeling, storage, distribution and advertising of the Company’s
products and the conduct of its business operations must all comply with
extensive federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. For example, in the
United States, many of the Company’s products are regulated by the Environmental
Protection Agency, the Food and Drug Administration and the Consumer Product
Safety Commission, and the Company’s product claims and advertising are
regulated by the Federal Trade Commission, among other regulatory agencies. Most
states have agencies that regulate in parallel to these federal agencies. The
Company’s international operations are also subject to regulation in each of the
foreign jurisdictions in which it manufactures or distributes its products.
There is also a risk of potentially higher incidence of fraud or corruption in
certain foreign jurisdictions and related difficulties in maintaining effective
internal controls. Additionally, the Company could be subject to inquiries or
investigations by governmental and other regulatory bodies. Any determination
that the Company’s operations or activities are not in compliance with the law,
including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, could expose the Company to
significant fines, penalties or other sanctions that may harm the business and
reputation of the Company. It is expected that
federal, state and foreign governments will continue to introduce new and
expanded legislation affecting the Company’s operations. For example, the
Company is subject to regulations regarding the transportation, storage or use
of certain chemicals to protect the environment, including as a result of
evolving climate change standards, and new and increased regulation in other
areas, such as with respect to “conflict minerals.” Such regulation could
negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain raw materials or could
increase its acquisition and compliance costs. In addition, pending legislative
initiatives and adopted legislation in the areas of healthcare reform and other
areas, such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health
Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection 
 Act and legislation in the area
of taxation of domestic and foreign profits, executive compensation and
corporate governance, could also increase the Company’s costs. These risks may
be increased by the Company’s acquisitions of HealthLink and Aplicare, Inc.,
which manufacture products subject to additional regulations. 
 If the Company is found to
be noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas, it
could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, import detentions,
injunctions, product withdrawals or recalls or asset seizures, as well as
potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on its business. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and
registrations, particularly with respect to its charcoal business, could delay
or prevent the Company from meeting current product demand, introducing new
products, building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could
adversely affect operating results. As the Company expands its natural personal
care and healthcare businesses such as through Burt’s Bees ® , HealthLink ® ,
Aplicare ® , Caltech Industries and Clorox ®  CareConcepts™, an increasing number of
its products have and will become subject to regulations and laws relating to
drugs and medical devices. In order to comply with these laws and regulations,
the Company may be required to make changes to product formulation, labeling or
marketing claims ,  perform additional testing to substantiate its product claims , 
make costly changes in its manufacturing processes or supply chain or stop
selling certain products until corrective actions have been taken. 


 13 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Reliance on a limited
base of suppliers may result in disruptions to the Company’s business.
 
 The Company relies on a
limited number of suppliers for certain commodities and raw material inputs,
including sole-source and single-source suppliers for certain of its raw
materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary
supplies. New suppliers may have to be qualified under governmental, industry
and Company standards, which can require additional investment and time. If the
Company is unable to qualify any needed new suppliers or maintain supplier
arrangements and relationships, if it is unable to contract with suppliers at
the quantity, quality and price levels needed for its business or if any of the
Company’s key suppliers becomes insolvent, experiences financial distress or
environmental, economic or other outside factors impact its operations, the
Company could experience disruptions in production and its financial results and
relationships with customers could be adversely affected. 
 Profitability and cash flow
could suffer if the Company is unable to successfully implement its strategies,
generate anticipated cost savings and efficiencies or efficiently manage supply
chain and manufacturing processes.  
 The Company continues to
implement plans to improve its competitive position by setting aggressive annual
cost savings targets, and it expects ongoing cost savings from its continuous
improvement activities. The Company anticipates these continuing cost savings
will result from reducing material costs and manufacturing inefficiencies and
realizing productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions.
If the Company cannot successfully implement its cost savings plans or the cost
of making these changes increases, the Company may not realize all anticipated
benefits, which could adversely affect its financial results. In addition, the
Company establishes long-term strategies, such as the 2020 Strategy, which
includes financial goals such as annual  net  sales growth of 3-5%, market share
growth, annual EBIT margin growth between 25-50 basis points and  annual  free cash flow
as a percentage of net sales of about 10-12%. The Company also continues to seek
to penetrate new markets and introduce new products and product improvements.
These goals and strategies may not be implemented or may fail to achieve desired
results.  In addition,  the  Company expects  to continue to restructure its operations as
necessary to improve operational efficiency, including occasionally closing
facilities or plants. Gaining additional efficiencies may become increasingly
difficult over time, there may be one-time costs relating to facility closures
or other  restructurings and  anticipated cost savings and the Company’s
strategies may not be implemented or may fail to achieve desired results. If the
Company is unable to implement its strategies or if its strategies do not
achieve the intended effects, if it does not realize cost savings and other
efficiencies or if it is unable to efficiently manage its supply chain and
manufacturing processes, the Company’s financial results could suffer. These
plans and strategies could also have a negative impact on the Company’s
relationships with employees or customers, which could also adversely affect the
Company’s financial results. 
 Product liability,
commercial claims or other legal proceedings could adversely affect the
Company’s sales and operating results, including cash flow.  
 The Company has in the past  paid, and may be
required in the future to pay, for losses or injuries  purportedly caused by its products. Such claims may be based on
allegations  that, among other things, the Company’s products contain contaminants or provide  inadequate instructions
or warnings regarding their use, or damage property or  persons. Product liability claims could result in negative publicity
that could  harm the Company’s reputation, sales and operating results. In addition, if any  of the Company’s
products is found to be defective, the Company may recall it,  which could result in adverse publicity and significant
expenses. Although the  Company maintains product liability insurance coverage, potential product  liability claims  may
be  subject to a retention , exceed  the amount of insurance  coverage  or
be  excluded under the terms of the policies.  
 In addition, the Company is,
and may in the future become, a party to litigation and other disputes,
including advertising disputes with competitors, consumer class actions, labor
claims, securities litigation and litigation in foreign jurisdictions. In
general, claims made by or against the Company in litigation, disputes or other
proceedings can be expensive and time-consuming to bring or defend against and
could result in settlements,  injunctions or  damages that could significantly
affect its business or financial results or condition. It is not possible to
predict the final resolution of the litigation, disputes or proceedings with
which the Company currently is or may in the future become involved. The impact
of these matters on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial
condition could be material. See “Contingencies” in “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 16 and Note
11 –  Other
Contingencies   and Guarantees  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
beginning on page  46  of Exhibit 99.1 hereto for additional information related
to these matters, including litigation related to its discontinued operations in
Brazil.  

 14  
 

 
 Table of Contents 
 The Company may not
successfully develop and introduce new products and line extensions or
successfully expand into adjacent categories and countries, which could
adversely impact its financial results.  
 The Company’s future
performance and growth depends on its innovation and ability to successfully
develop or license and introduce new products, brands, line extensions and
product improvements or enter into or expand into adjacent product categories,
sales channels or countries. The Company cannot be certain that it will
successfully achieve its innovation goals. The development and introduction of
new products require substantial and effective research, development and
marketing expenditures, which the Company may be unable to recoup if the new
products do not gain widespread market acceptance. New product development and
marketing efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product categories in
which the Company has limited or no prior experience, have inherent risks. These
risks include product development or launch delays, which could result in the
Company not being first to market and the failure of new products, brands and
line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance. If product
introductions or new or expanded adjacencies are not successful, costs
associated with these efforts may not be fully recouped and the Company’s
profits could be adversely affected. In addition, if sales generated by new
products cause a decline in sales of the Company’s existing products, the
Company’s financial results could be materially adversely
affected.   
 Acquisitions, new venture
investments and divestitures may not be successful, which could impact the
Company’s results. 
  In connection
with the Company’s strategy, the Company expects to continue to seek to increase
growth through acquisitions. Not only is it difficult to identify good
acquisition candidates and to compete successfully for such candidates, but
these transactions also involve numerous risks, including risks relating to the
Company’s ability to:   
 successfully integrate acquired
  companies, products, systems or personnel into the Company’s existing
  business, especially with respect to businesses or operations that are outside
  of the United States; 
   minimize any potential interruption to the ongoing business
  of the Company or the acquired company; 
   successfully enter categories and markets in which the
  Company may have limited or no prior experience; 
   achieve expected synergies and obtain the desired financial
  or strategic benefits from acquisitions; 
   retain key relationships with employees, customers, partners
  and suppliers of acquired companies; and 
   maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies
  throughout acquired companies. 
 Acquired companies or
operations or newly created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve
sales levels and profitability and cash flow that justify the investments.
Future acquisitions or ventures could also result in potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, the assumption of
contingent liabilities, including litigation, an increase in expenses related to
certain assets and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely
affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. Future
acquisitions of foreign companies or new foreign ventures would increase, among
other things, the Company’s exposure to foreign exchange rate risks, local
regulations and potential liabilities relating to the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act. In addition, to the extent that the economic benefits associated with any
of the Company’s acquisitions diminish in the future, the Company may be
required to record impairment charges related to goodwill, intangible assets or
other assets associated with such acquisitions, which could adversely affect its
operating results.  
 The Company may also divest
certain assets, businesses or brands that do not meet the Company’s strategic
objectives or growth targets. With respect to any divestiture, the Company may
encounter difficulty finding potential acquirers or other divestiture options on
favorable terms. Any divestiture could affect the profitability of the Company
as a result of the gains or losses on such sale of a business or brand, the loss
of the operating income resulting from such sale or the costs or liabilities
that are not assumed by the acquirer (i.e., stranded costs) that may negatively
impact profitability and cash flow subsequent to any divestiture. The Company
may also be required to recognize impairment charges as a result of a divesture.
 
 Any potential future
acquisitions, new ventures or divestitures may divert the attention of
management and resources from matters that are core or critical to the business.
 

 15  
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Cyber attacks, privacy
breaches or a failure of key information technology systems could adversely
impact the Company’s ability to conduct business.   
 The Company relies extensively
on information technology systems, many of which are managed by third-party
service providers, in order to conduct its business. These systems include, but
are not limited to, programs and processes relating to communicating within the
Company and with customers, consumers and other parties, ordering and managing
materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping
products to customers, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting
results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements and
other processes involved in managing the business. The Company has made
significant progress with its implementation of enterprise-wide upgrades to its
hardware, software and operating systems, including its enterprise system in
Latin America, which replaced legacy systems and is expected to streamline
operations and enable future growth. However, legacy systems remain in countries
where the Company conducts business outside of the United States and Latin
America. If the Company’s existing and/or future technology systems, third-party
service providers and processes do not adequately support the future growth of
the Company’s business, the Company’s business may be adversely
impacted. 
 Although the Company has
network security measures in place, the systems may be vulnerable to computer
viruses, security breaches and other disruptions from unauthorized users or
system failures, including Internet outages. While the Company has business
continuity plans in place, if the systems are damaged or cease to function
properly due to any number of causes, including catastrophic events, power
outages, security breaches or other similar events, and if the business
continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues on a timely basis, the
Company may suffer interruptions in its ability to manage or conduct business,
which may adversely impact the Company’s business. Furthermore, the Company
sells its Burt’s Bees ®  and güd ®  natural personal care products and Kingsford ® 
lifestyle products directly to consumers online and offers customer loyalty and
other programs through which it may receive personal information, and it could
experience cyber attacks or other incidents that result in unauthorized
disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or Company information. If the
Company suffers a loss as a result of a breach or other breakdown in its
technology system or such a breach or other breakdown results in unauthorized
disclosure of business, personal or stakeholder information, the Company may
suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm and may be exposed to
legal liability, which may adversely affect the Company’s results of operations
and/or financial condition. In addition, if the Company’s service providers,
suppliers or customers experience such a breach or unauthorized disclosure,
their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may
result in a disruption in the Company’s supply chain or reduced customer orders,
which would adversely affect the Company’s operations.   
 Loss of, or inability to
attract, key personnel could adversely impact the Company’s business.
 
 The Company’s success depends,
in part, on its ability to retain its key personnel, including its executive
officers and senior management team. The unexpected loss of one or more of the
Company’s key employees could disrupt its business. The Company’s success also
depends, in part, on its continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain
other highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees can be
intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the Company’s
headquarters and largest research facility are located. As the Company expands
into new categories or markets, including more regulated businesses, it will
also require personnel with relevant training and experience in such categories
or markets. The Company may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain
qualified personnel in the future, and its failure to do so could adversely
affect its business.  
 Harm to the Company’s
reputation or the reputation of one or more of its leading brands could have an
adverse effect on the business.  
 Maintaining a strong
reputation with consumers, customers and trade partners is critical to the
success of the Company’s business. The Company devotes significant time and
resources to programs designed to protect and preserve the Company’s reputation
and the reputation of its brands. These programs include ethics and compliance,
sustainability and product safety and quality initiatives. Despite these
efforts, negative publicity about the Company, including product safety or
similar concerns, whether real or perceived, could occur, and the Company’s
products could face withdrawal, recall or other quality issues. The Company also
licenses certain of its brands to third parties, which creates additional
exposure for those brands to product safety, quality and other concerns.
Negative publicity, posts or comments about the Company or its brands could also
be widely disseminated through the use of social media. Such events, if they
were to occur, could harm the Company’s image and adversely affect its business,
as well as require resources to rebuild the Company’s reputation.  
 Environmental matters
create potential liabilities.  
 The Company must comply with
various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it
operates, including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, handling
and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, remediation of contamination
associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances and climate change.
The Company has incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenditures
and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations and in
providing physical security for its worldwide operations, and such expenditures
reduce the cash flow available to the Company for other purposes.   
 16  
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 The Company is currently
involved in or has potential liability with respect to the remediation of past
contamination in the operation of some of its current and former facilities. In
addition, some of its present and former facilities have or had been in
operation for many years and, over that time, some of those facilities may have
used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be
considered hazardous. It is possible that those sites, as well as disposal sites
owned by third parties to whom the Company has sent waste, may be identified and
become the subject of remediation. The Company could also become subject to
additional environmental liabilities in the future that could result in a
material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition.
 

 The Company had a recorded
liability of $14 million and $13 million as of June 30, 2014 and 2013,
respectively, for its share of aggregate future remediation costs related to
certain environmental matters, including response actions at various locations.
One matter in Dickinson County, Michigan, for which the Company is jointly and
severally liable, accounts for a substantial majority of the recorded liability
as of both June 30, 2014 and 2013. The Company has agreed to be liable for 24.3%
of the aggregate remediation and associated costs for this matter pursuant to a
cost-sharing arrangement with a third party. With the assistance of
environmental consultants, the Company maintains an undiscounted liability
representing its current best estimate of its share of the capital expenditures,
maintenance and other costs that may be incurred over an estimated 30-year
remediation period. Currently, the Company cannot accurately predict the timing
of future payments that may be made under this obligation. In addition, the
Company’s estimated loss exposure is sensitive to a variety of uncertain
factors, including the efficacy of remediation efforts, changes in remediation
requirements and the future availability of alternative clean-up technologies.
Although it is reasonably possible that the Company’s exposure may exceed the
amount recorded, any amount of such additional exposures, or range of exposures,
is not estimable at this time. See “Contingencies” in “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 16 and
Note 11 –  Other
Contingencies   and Guarantees  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
beginning on page  46  of Exhibit 99.1 hereto for additional information related
to these liabilities. 
 
 The Company also handles
and/or transports hazardous substances, including but not limited to chlorine,
at some of its international plant sites. A release of such chemicals, whether
in transit or at the Company’s facilities, due to accident or an intentional
 act could  result in substantial liability and business disruptions.
 
 The facilities of the
Company and its suppliers are subject to disruption by events beyond the
Company’s control.  
 Operations at facilities of the Company, its
suppliers, service providers  and retail  customers are subject to disruption
for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, demonstrations, disease
outbreaks or pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, fire, earthquakes, flooding or
other natural disasters. The Company’s corporate headquarters and primary
research and development facility are located near major earthquake fault lines
in California. If a major disruption were to occur, it could result in harm to
people or the natural environment, temporary loss of access to critical data,
delays in shipments of products to customers or suspension of operations. Any
such disruption could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business.
 
 Failure to maximize,
successfully assert or successfully defend the Company’s intellectual property
rights could impact its competitiveness.  
 The Company relies on
intellectual property rights based on trademark, trade secret, patent and
copyright laws to protect its brands, products and packaging for its products.
The Company cannot be certain that these intellectual property rights will be
maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that the
Company will not be able to obtain and perfect its own intellectual property
rights or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to
support new product introductions. The Company cannot be certain that these
rights, if obtained, will not later be invalidated, circumvented or challenged,
and the Company could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions
to assert its intellectual property rights or to defend those rights from
assertions of invalidity. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the
United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which the Company’s
products are or may be sold may not protect intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties infringe the
Company’s intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of the
Company’s brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that
consumers associate with the Company’s brands and harm its sales. The failure to
perfect or successfully assert its intellectual property rights could make the
Company less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on its
business, operating results, and financial condition.  
 If the Company is found to
have infringed the intellectual property rights of others or cannot obtain
necessary intellectual property rights from others, its competitiveness could be
negatively impacted.   
 If the Company is found to
have violated the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other
intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, through the use
of third-party ideas or technologies, such a finding could result in the need to
cease use of a trademark, trade secret, copyrighted work or patented invention
in the Company’s business and the obligation to pay a substantial amount for
past infringement. If holders are willing to permit the Company to continue to
use such intellectual property rights, it could also be necessary to pay a
substantial amount in the future for those rights. Either ceasing use or paying
such amounts could cause the Company to become less competitive and could have a
material adverse impact on the Company’s business, operating results and
financial condition. 

 17  
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 Even if the Company is not
found to infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights, claims of
infringement could adversely affect the Company’s business. For example, if the
Company seeks proposals from multiple vendors for a new product or innovation
and chooses to partner with a particular vendor, another vendor may claim the
Company infringed its intellectual property rights by using information gathered
from the vendor proposals. The Company could incur material legal costs and
related expenses to defend against such claims.   
 The Company’s substantial
indebtedness could adversely affect its operations and financial results and
prevent the Company from fulfilling its obligations, and the Company may incur
substantially more debt in the future, which could exacerbate these risks.
 
 As of June 30, 2014, the
Company had $2.3 billion of debt, including $575 million of senior unsecured
notes that mature in fiscal year 2015. The Company’s substantial indebtedness
could have important consequences. For example, it could: 
 require the Company to dedicate a
  substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on its
  indebtedness, which would reduce
  the availability of its cash flow to fund working capital requirements,
  capital expenditures, future acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limit the Company’s flexibility in
  planning for or reacting to general adverse economic conditions or changes in
  its business and the industries in
  which it operates; place the Company at a competitive
  disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt; and 
   limit, along with the financial and other restrictive
  covenants in the Company’s debt documents, its ability to borrow additional
  funds. 
 Additionally, failure by the
Company to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in its debt
documents could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived,
could have a significant adverse effect on the Company. Further, certain terms
of the agreements governing the Company’s over-the-counter derivative
instruments contain provisions that require the Company’s credit ratings, as
assigned by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s to the Company and its
counterparties, to remain at a level equal to or better than the minimum of an
investment grade credit rating. As of June 30, 2014, the Company and each of its
counterparties had been assigned investment-grade ratings with both Standard
& Poor’s and Moody’s. However, if the Company’s credit rating were to fall
below investment grade, the counterparties to the derivative instruments in net
liability positions could request full collateralization. 
 The Company may incur
substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions,
repurchase shares or fund other activities for general business purposes,
subject to compliance with the Company’s existing restrictive debt covenants. As
of June 30, 2014, the Company could add approximately $1.7 billion in
incremental debt and remain in compliance with restrictive debt covenants,
although the actual amount that the Company may be able to borrow in the future
may not equal this amount. If new debt is added to the current debt levels, the
related risks that the Company now faces could intensify. In addition, the cost
of incurring additional debt could increase due to possible downgrades in the
Company’s credit rating, economic conditions or otherwise. 
 The Company’s continued
growth and expansion and reliance on third-party service providers could
adversely affect its internal control over financial reporting, which could harm
its business and financial results. 
 Clorox management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute
assurance that a misstatement of the Company’s financial statements would be
prevented or detected. The Company’s continuing growth and expansion in domestic
and globally dispersed markets will place significant additional pressure on the
Company’s system of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, the
Company engages the services of third parties to assist with business operations
and financial reporting processes, which injects additional monitoring
obligations and risk into the system of internal control. Any failure to
maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could
limit the Company’s ability to report its financial results accurately and on a
timely basis, or to detect and prevent fraud.   

 18  
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 The Company’s judgments
regarding the accounting for tax positions and the resolution of tax disputes
may impact the Company’s earnings and cash flow.  
 Significant judgment is
required to determine the Company’s effective tax rate and evaluate its tax
positions. The Company provides for uncertain tax positions when such tax
positions do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement criteria
prescribed by applicable accounting standards. Fluctuations in federal, state,
local and foreign taxes or a change to uncertain tax positions, including
related interest and penalties, may impact the Company’s effective tax rate and
the Company’s financial results. When particular tax matters arise, a number of
years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved.
Unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase the effective tax rate,
which would have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results. Any
resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
For additional information, refer to the information set forth in Note 17 –
 Income Taxes  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
beginning on page  53  of Exhibit 99.1 hereto.  
 The estimates and
assumptions on which the Company’s financial statement projections are based may
prove to be inaccurate, which may cause its actual results to materially differ
from such projections, which may adversely affect the Company’s future cash
flows and stock price.  
 The Company’s financial
statement projections are dependent on certain estimates and assumptions related
to, among other things, category growth, market share projections, foreign
exchange rates, commodity prices, cost savings, accruals for estimated
liabilities, including litigation reserves, goodwill, market share projections,
measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit
plans and the Company’s ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in
its existing business, fund internal growth, repurchase its shares, make
acquisitions, pay dividends and meet debt obligations. While the Company’s
projections are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the
time they are made, the Company’s actual results may differ materially from its
financial outlook. Any material variation between the Company’s projections and
its actual results may adversely affect the Company’s stock price.   
 The Company may not
continue to pay dividends or repurchase its stock.  
 Although the Company has
historically declared and paid quarterly cash dividends on its common stock and
has been authorized to repurchase its shares subject to certain limitations
under a share repurchase program, any determinations to continue to declare and
pay cash dividends on its common stock or to repurchase its common stock will be
based primarily upon the Company’s financial condition, results of operations
and business requirements, the price of its common stock in the case of the
repurchase program and the board of directors’ continuing determination that the
repurchase program and the declaration and payment of dividends are in the best
interests of the Company’s stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and
agreements applicable to the repurchase and dividend programs. The Company’s
ability to continue to declare and pay cash dividends will depend upon, among
other things, its cash balances and future cash requirements, results of
operations, financial condition and net earnings, all of which are subject to
general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other
factors beyond the Company’s control. In the event the Company does not declare
and pay a quarterly dividend or discontinues its share repurchases, the
Company’s stock price could be adversely affected. 
 The Company’s business
could be negatively impacted as a result of stockholder activism or an
unsolicited takeover proposal or a proxy contest.  
 In recent years, proxy
contests and other forms of stockholder activism have been directed against
numerous public companies, including the Company. During fiscal years 2012 and
2011, the Company was the target of an unsolicited takeover proposal from a
stockholder activist, which resulted in significant costs to the Company. If
such a proposal were to be made again, the Company would incur significant
costs, which would have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial results.
Stockholder activists may also seek to involve themselves in the governance,
strategic direction and operations of the Company. Such proposals may disrupt
the Company’s business and divert the attention of the Company’s management and
employees, and any perceived uncertainties as to the Company’s future direction
resulting from such a situation could result in the loss of potential business
opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified
personnel and business partners, which could adversely affect the Company’s
business.  

 19 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 ITEM 1.B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS   
 
None.  
 ITEM 2.
PROPERTIES   
 Production and Distribution
Facilities  
 The Company owns or leases and
operates 24 manufacturing facilities in North America and owns or leases and
operates 15 manufacturing facilities outside North America. The Company also
leases six regional distribution centers in North America and several other
warehouse facilities. Management believes the Company’s production and
distribution facilities, together with additional facilities owned or leased and
operated by various unaffiliated finished-product suppliers and distribution
center service providers that serve the Company, are adequate to support the
business efficiently, and that the Company’s properties and equipment have
generally been well maintained. The Company is continually performing a
supply-chain efficiency analysis, which may lead to closures of domestic and
international manufacturing facilities and the redistribution of production
between its remaining facilities and contract manufacturers to optimize
availability and capacity and to seek to reduce operating costs.  
 Offices and Research and
Development Facilities  
 Since 2011, the Company has
leased a facility located in Pleasanton, Calif., which houses the Company’s
research and development group as well as other administrative and operational
support personnel. The facility features state-of-the-art labs and open work
spaces to encourage creativity, collaboration and innovation. The Company leases
office space in Oakland, Calif., for its corporate headquarters. The Company
owns a research and development facility located at its plant in Buenos Aires,
Argentina. The Company also conducts research and development activities and
engineering research in leased facilities in Meriden, Ct.; Kennesaw, Ga.;
Willowbrook, Il.; Midland, Mi.; Cincinnati, Oh.; and Durham, NC. Leased sales
offices and other facilities are located at a number of other locations.
 
 Encumbrances
 
 None of the Company’s owned
facilities are encumbered to secure debt owed by the Company.  
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
 The Company is subject to
routine litigation incidental to its business in the United States and in
international locations, including various lawsuits and claims relating to
issues such as contract disputes, product liability, patents and trademarks,
advertising, employee and other matters. Although the results of claims and
litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of management
that the ultimate disposition of these matters, to the extent not previously
provided for or disclosed in the Company’s consolidated financial statements in
Exhibit 99.1 hereto, will not have a material adverse effect, individually or in
the aggregate, on the Company’s consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole.  
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable.   
 20 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE
REGISTRANT   
 The names, ages, year first
elected and current titles of each of the executive officers of the Company as
of July 31, 2014, are set forth below:  
 

 
     Name 
            
     Age 
            
     Year
      First Elected Executive Officer 
            
     Title 
   
     Donald R. Knauss 
     
     63 
     
     2006 
     
     Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
      Officer 
   
     Stephen M. Robb 
     
     49 
     
     2011 
     
     Senior Vice President – Chief Financial Officer 
   
     Frank A. Tataseo 
     
     60 
     
     2004 
     
     Executive Vice President – Professional
      Products Division, Mergers & Acquisitions, Partnerships and
    IT 
   
     Benno Dorer 
     
     50 
     
     2009 
     
     Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer – Cleaning,
      International and Corporate Strategy 
   
     George Roeth 
     
     53 
     
     2009 
     
     Executive Vice President & Chief
      Operating Officer –   Household and Lifestyle 
   
     Jacqueline P. Kane 
     
     62 
     
     2004 
     
     Senior Vice President – Human Resources & Corporate
      Affairs 
   
     Laura Stein 
     
     52 
     
     2005 
     
     Senior Vice President – General
      Counsel 
   
     Thomas P. Britanik 
     
     56 
     
     2009 
     
     Senior Vice President – Chief Marketing Officer 
   
     Wayne L. Delker 
     
     60 
     
     2009 
     
     Senior Vice President – Chief Innovation
      Officer 
   
     James Foster 
     
     51 
     
     2009 
     
     Senior Vice President – Chief Product Supply Officer 
   
     Nikolaos Vlahos 
     
     46 
     
     2013 
     
     Senior Vice President – Chief Customer
      Officer 
   
     Dawn Willoughby 
     
     45 
     
     2013 
     
     Senior Vice President – General Manager, Cleaning
  Division 
   
     Jon Balousek 
     
     45 
     
     2013 
     
     Senior Vice President – General Manager,
      Specialty Division 
   
     Michael J. Costello 
     
     47 
     
     2011 
     
     Senior Vice President –
International 
 
 There is no family
relationship between any of the above-named persons, or between any of such
persons and any of the directors of the Company. See Item 10 of Part III of this
Report for additional information.  
 Donald R. Knauss was elected
chairman and chief executive officer of the Company in October 2006. He was
executive vice president of The Coca-Cola Company and president and chief
operating officer for Coca-Cola North America from February 2004 until August
2006.   
 Stephen M. Robb was elected
senior vice president – chief financial officer effective November 2011. From
January 2011 until November 2011, he served as vice president – global finance.
He served as vice president – financial planning & analysis from October
2004 to January 2011.  
 Frank A. Tataseo was elected
executive vice president – professional products division, mergers &
acquisitions, partnerships and IT effective January 2013. From January 2009 to
December 2012, he served as executive vice president – strategy & growth and
professional products. 
 Benno Dorer was elected
executive vice president – chief operating officer, cleaning, international and
corporate strategy effective January 2013. From March 2011 to December 2012, he
served as senior vice president – cleaning division and Canada. He served as
senior vice president – general manager, cleaning division from June 2009 to
March 2011.   



 21 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 George Roeth was elected
executive vice president – chief operating officer, household and lifestyle
effective January 2013. From June 2009 to December 2012, he served as senior
vice president – general manager, specialty division.  
 Jacqueline P. Kane was elected
senior vice president – human resources & corporate affairs effective
January 2005. She joined the Company as vice president – human resources in
March 2004 and was elected senior vice president – human resources in July 2004.
 
 Laura Stein was elected senior
vice president – general counsel effective January 2005. She also served as
secretary from September 2005 through May 2007.  
 Thomas P. Britanik was elected
senior vice president – chief marketing officer effective June 2009. He
previously held the position of vice president – marketing from February 2008 to
May 2009. 
 Wayne L. Delker was elected
senior vice president – chief innovation officer effective June 2009. He joined
the Company in August 1999 as vice president – global research & development
and served in that position through May 2009.   
 James Foster was elected
senior vice president – chief product supply officer effective June 2009. From
April 2009 to May 2009, he served as vice president – product supply. From
October 2007 to April 2009, he served as vice president –
manufacturing. 
 Nikolaos Vlahos was elected senior vice president
– chief customer officer effective March 2013. From March 2011 to February 2013,
he served as vice president – general manager, Burt’s Bees ® . He
served as vice president – general manager, Laundry, Brita ®  and Green
Works ® , from March 2009 to February 2011. 
 Dawn Willoughby was elected
senior vice president – general manager, cleaning division effective January
2013. She served as vice president – general manager, Home Care, from October
2012 to January 2013, and vice president – general manager, Glad ® 
Products from January 2010 to October 2012. From July 2006 through January 2010,
she served as vice president – sales planning.   
 Jon Balousek was elected
senior vice president – general manager, specialty division effective January
2013. He served as vice president – general manager, Litter, Food and Charcoal
from October 2011 to December 2012, and vice president – Marketing, Cleaning
Division from October 2008 to September 2011. 
 Michael J. Costello was
elected senior vice president – international effective September 2013. He
served as vice president – general manager, international, from March 2011 to
August 2013. From July 2009 through March 2011, he served as vice president –
general manager, Latin America and Europe, and vice president – general manager,
Latin America from June 2008 to June 2009.  
 22 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 

 PART II  
 

   
     ITEM 5.  
     MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 


 Market Information
 
 The Company’s common stock is
listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The high and low sales prices quoted for
the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions Report for each quarterly
period during the past two fiscal years appear in Note 21  –  Unaudited Quarterly Data  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears on page
 65  of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference.  
 Holders  
 The number of record holders
of the Company’s common stock as of July 31, 2014, was 11,669 based on
information provided by the Company’s transfer agent.  
 Dividends   
 The amount of quarterly
dividends declared with respect to the Company’s common stock during the past
two fiscal years appears in Note 21 –  Unaudited Quarterly Data  of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears on page
 65  of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference.  
 Equity Compensation Plan
Information 
 See Part III, Item 12 hereof.   
 Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities   
 There were no purchases of the
Company’s securities by the Company or any affiliated purchasers within the
meaning of Rule 10b-18(a)(3) (17 CFR 240.10b-18(a)(3)) during the fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2014. 
 On May 13, 2013, the Company’s
board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing up to $750
million in share repurchases. As of June 30, 2014, all of the $750 million
remained available for repurchases. Since 1999, the Company has had a share
repurchase program the purpose of which is to offset the impact of stock
dilution related to stock-based awards. On November 15, 2005, the board of
directors approved the extension of the program, which has no specified cap.
Neither of these programs has a specified termination date.   
 23 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA  
 This information appears under
“Five-Year Financial Summary,” on page  66  of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated
herein by reference.   
 

   
     ITEM 7.  
     MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 

 This information appears under
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” on pages 1 through 24 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein
by reference.   
 ITEM 7.A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
 This information appears under
“Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” in “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” on
pages 17 through 18 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference.
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 These statements and data
appear on pages 28 through  65  of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by
reference.   
 

   
     ITEM 9.  
     CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 

 Not applicable.   
 ITEM 9.A. CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 The Company’s management, with
the participation of the Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on that
evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded
that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this Report, were effective such that the information required
to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC’s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to
management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.   
 Management’s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 Management’s report on
internal control over financial reporting is set forth on page 25 of Exhibit
99.1 hereto, and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company’s independent
registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young, LLP, has audited the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of
June 30, 2014. See “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,”
which appears on page 27 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto.  
 Change in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  
 No change in the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fourth fiscal
quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014, that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting.  
 ITEM 9.B. OTHER
INFORMATION 
 Not applicable.  
 24 
 

 
 Table of
Contents 
 PART III   
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
 Pursuant to Instruction 3 to
Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K, information regarding the executive officers of
the registrant is reported in Part I of this Report.   
 The Company has adopted a Code
of Conduct that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer, among others. The Code of Conduct is
located on the Company’s website at TheCloroxCompany.com under Corporate
Responsibility/Performance/Corporate Governance or
http://www.thecloroxcompany.com/corporate-responsibility/performance/corporate-governance.
The Company intends to satisfy the requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K
regarding disclosure of amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of its Code
of Conduct by posting such information on the Company’s website. The Company’s
website also contains its corporate governance guidelines and the charters of
its principal board committees. 
 
 Information regarding the
Company’s directors, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and
corporate governance set forth in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference.   
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION   
 Information regarding
executive and director compensation, Management Development and Compensation
Committee interlocks and insider participation and the report of the Management
Development and Compensation Committee of the Company’s board of directors set
forth in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.   
 

   
     ITEM 12.  
     SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 

 Information regarding security
ownership of certain beneficial owners, management and directors and securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans set forth in the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference.  
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information regarding certain
relationships and related transactions and director independence set forth in
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.   
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information regarding
principal accounting fees and services set forth in the Proxy Statement is
incorporated herein by reference. 
 25 
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART IV   
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 

   
     (a) 
     
     Financial Statements
      and Schedules: 
   
     
           
     
   
     
     
     Consolidated
      Financial Statements and Reports of Independent Registered Public
      Accounting Firm included in Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by
      reference. 
   
       
   
     
     
     Reports of
      Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
   
       
   
     
     
     Consolidated
      Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2014, 2013 and
      2012. 
   
       
   
     
     
     Consolidated
      Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended June 30,
      2014, 2013 and 2012. 
   
       
   
       
     
     Consolidated Balance
      Sheets as of June 30, 2014 and 2013. 
   
       
   
       
     
     Consolidated
      Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended June 30,
      2014, 2013 and 2012. 
   
       
   
     
     
     Consolidated
      Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2014, 2013
      and 2012. 
   
       
   
     
     
     Notes to Consolidated
      Financial Statements. 
   
       
   
     
     
     Valuation and
      Qualifying Accounts and Reserves included in Exhibit 99.2 hereto,
      incorporated herein by reference. 

   
     
     
       
   
     (b) 
     
     
       Exhibits:   
   
     
     
       
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
           
     Exhibit
      Description 
            
     Form 
            
     File No. 
            
     Exhibit 
            
     Filing
  Date 
   
     3.1 
     
     Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3(iii) 
     
     February 14, 2000 
   
     3.2 
     
     Bylaws (amended and restated). 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3.1 
     
     November 20, 2009 
   
     3.3 
     
     Certificate of Designations for The Clorox Company Series A Junior
      Participating Preferred Stock. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3.1 
     
     July 19, 2011 
   
     4.1 
     
     Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2004, between the Company and
      The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., as trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     December 3, 2004 
   
     4.2 
     
     Exchange and Registration Agreement, dated December 3, 2004,
      relating to the Company’s Floating Rate Notes due 2007, 4.20% Senior Notes
      due 2010 and 5.00% Notes due 2015. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.2 
     
     December 3, 2004 
   
     4.3 
     
     Form of Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2007, between the Company
      and The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., as trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-146472 
     
     4.1 
     
     October 3, 2007 
   
     4.4 
     
     Form of Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2009, among
      the Company, The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., and Wells Fargo
      Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
     
     POSASR 
     
     333-146472 
     
     4.4 
     
     November 4, 2009 
   
     4.5 
     
     Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9,
      2009, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     November 5, 2009 

   
 26 
 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

  
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
           
     Exhibit
      Description 
           
     Form 
           
     File No. 
           
     Exhibit 
           
     Filing
  Date 
   
     4.6 
     
     Form of Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 17,
      2011, between the company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     November 16, 2011 
   
     4.7 
     
     Form of Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 13,
      2012, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     September 11, 2012 
   
     10.1* 
     
     1993 Directors’ Stock Option Plan, dated November 17, 1993, which
      was adopted by the stockholders at the Company’s annual meeting of
      stockholders on November 17, 1993, and amended and restated on September
      15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10-2 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.2* 
     
     Form of Option Award under the 1993 Directors’ Stock Option Plan as
      amended and restated as of September 15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10-3 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.3* 
     
     The Clorox Company Independent Directors’ Stock-Based  Compensation Plan, which was adopted by the
      stockholders  at the Company’s
      annual meeting of stockholders on  November 19, 2003. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10(xiv) 
     
     September 26, 2002 
   
     10.4* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and Restated Independent  Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan,
      effective as of  November 16,
      2005, and amended and restated as of  February 7, 2008. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.55 
     
     May 2, 2008 
   
     10.5* 
     
     The Clorox Company Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation  Plan, adopted as of January 1, 1996, and
      amended and  restated as of July
      20, 2004. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10(x) 
     
     August 27, 2004 
   
     10.6* 
     
     The Clorox Company 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, adopted as
       of November 28, 2001, and
      amended and restated as of  September 15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10-4 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.7* 
     
     Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement  under the Company’s 1996 Stock Incentive
      Plan, amended  and restated as
      of September 15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10-5 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.8* 
     
     The Clorox Company Annual Incentive Plan, amended and  restated as of September 17, 2013. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     10.9* 
     
     The Clorox Company 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, amended  and restated as of November 14,
    2012. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     February 5, 2013 
   
     10.10* 
     
     Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the  Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for
      awards made in  2011. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.11 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.11* 
     
     Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the  Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for
      awards made in  2012. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.12 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.12* 
     
     Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the  Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for
      awards made in  2013. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     10.13* 
     
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the
       Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive
      Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.13 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.14* 
     
     Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under
       the Company’s 2005 Stock
      Incentive Plan. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 27 

 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
           
     Exhibit
      Description 
           
     Form 
           
     File No. 
           
     Exhibit 
           
     Filing
  Date 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     10.15* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and Restated 2005  Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan,
      effective January   1,
      2008. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.18 
     
     August 19, 2008 
   
     10.16* 
     
     Amendment No. 1 to The Clorox Company Amended and  Restated
    2005 Nonqualified Deferred        Compensation Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.18 
     
     August 26, 2011 
   
     10.17* 
     
     The Clorox Company Supplemental Executive Retirement  Plan, as restated effective January 5, 2005,
      as revised August  13,
      2009. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.17 
     
     November 3, 2009 
   
     10.18* 
     
     Amendment No. 1 to The Clorox Company Supplemental  Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of
      July 29, 2011. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.21 
     
     November 3, 2011 
   
     10.19* 
     
     Amendment No. 2 to The Clorox Company Supplemental  Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of
      September 11, 2012. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.2 
     
     November 2, 2012 
   
     10.20* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and Restated Replacement  Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for
      the Benefit of  Donald R.
      Knauss, effective as of October 2, 2006. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.19 
     
     February 5, 2009 
   
     10.21* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive Incentive Compensation  Plan, amended and restated as of February 7,
      2008. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.58 
     
     May 2, 2008 
   
     10.22* 
     
     Employment Agreement between The Clorox Company and  Donald R. Knauss, dated May 28,
    2010. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     May 28, 2010 
   
     10.23* 
     
     Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement  between The Clorox Company and Donald R.
      Knauss, dated  as of November
      15, 2011. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     November 15, 2011 
   
     10.24* 
     
     Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.27 
     
     May 4, 2010 
   
     10.25* 
     
     Form of Severance Plan for Clorox Executive Committee  Members, effective as of May 19,
    2010. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.25 
     
     August 26, 2010 
   
     10.26* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive Change in Control  Severance Plan, effective as of December 17,
      2010. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.26 
     
     February 7, 2011 
   
     10.27* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive Retirement Plan, effective as
       of July 1, 2011. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.27 
     
     May 4, 2011 
     28 

 

 
 Table of Contents 
 
   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
           
     Exhibit Description 
           
     Form 
           
     File No. 
           
     Exhibit 
           
     Filing Date 
   
     10.28* 
     
     The Clorox Company 2011 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan,
      effective as of July 1, 2011. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.29 
     
     August 26,
      2011 
   
     10.29 
     
     Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2012 among The Clorox Company,
      the lenders listed therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A. and
      Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agents, and
      Citibank, N.A. as Servicing Agent. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     May 9,
    2012 
   
     10.30(+) 
     
     Amended and Restated
      Joint Venture Agreement dated as of  January 31, 2003, between The Glad Products Company
      and certain affiliates and
      The Procter and Gamble Company and  certain affiliates. 
     
     10-Q/A 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10 
     
     April
      26, 2005 
   
     21 
     
     Subsidiaries. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     23 
     
     Consent of Independent
      Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     31.1 
     
     Certification of the
      Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox  Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
      Act of 2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     31.2 
     
     Certification of the
      Chief Financial Officer of The Clorox  Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
      Act of 2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     32 
     
     Certification of the
      Chief Executive Officer and Chief  Financial Officer of The Clorox Company pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.1 
     
     Management’s Discussion
      and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations, Consolidated
      Financial Statements,
      Management’s Report on Internal Control over  Financial Reporting and Reports of
      Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.2 
     
     Valuation and Qualifying
      Accounts and Reserves. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.3 
     
     Reconciliation of
      Economic Profit. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     101 
     
     The following materials
      from The Clorox Company’s Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2014
      are formatted in extensible
      Business Reporting Language  (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the
       Consolidated Statements of
      Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated  Statements of Stockholders’ Equity, (v) the
      Consolidated  Statements of Cash
      Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 

   
     ____________________ 
   
       
           
       
   
     (*) 
     
     Indicates a
      management or director contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
      required to be filed as an exhibit to this report. 
   
     (+) 
     
     Confidential
      treatment has been granted for certain information contained in this
      document. Such information has been omitted and filed separately with the
      Securities and Exchange
Commission. 
 29 






 


 

 Table of Contents 


 SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 

   
     
     
     
       THE CLOROX
      COMPANY 
   
     
     
     
       
   
     Date: August 25, 2014 
     
     By:   
     /s/ D. R. Knauss 
   
     
           
       
     D.
      R. Knauss 
   
     
     
     
     Chairman and Chief Executive
  Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated.  
 

   
     Signature 
     
     Title 
     
     Date 
   
     /s/ D. Boggan, Jr. 
     
     Director 
     
           
     August 25, 2014 
           
   
     D.
      Boggan, Jr. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ R. H. Carmona 
           
     Director 
           
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     R.
      H. Carmona 
     
     
       
     
     
     
   
     /s/ T. M. Friedman 
     
     Director 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     T.
      M. Friedman 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ G. J. Harad 
     
     Director 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     G.
      J. Harad 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ D. R. Knauss 
     
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     D.
      R. Knauss 
     
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ E. Lee 
     
     Director 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     E.
      Lee 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ R. W. Matschullat 
     
     Director 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     R.
      W. Matschullat 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ J. Noddle 
     
     Director 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     J.
      Noddle 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ R. M. Rebolledo 
     
     Director 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     R.
      M. Rebolledo 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ P.
      Thomas-Graham      
     
     Director 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     P.
      Thomas-Graham 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ C. M. Ticknor 
     
     Director 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     C.
      M. Ticknor 
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ S. M. Robb 
     
     Senior Vice President — Chief Financial
      Officer 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     S.
      M. Robb 
     
     (Principal Financial Officer) 
     
     
     
     
   
     /s/ T. Johnson 
     
     Vice
      President — Global Business Services and Chief Accounting
Officer 
     
     
     August 25, 2014 
     
   
     T.
      Johnson 
     
     (Principal Accounting Officer) 
     
     
     
     
 30 

 


 
 Table of Contents 
 INDEX OF EXHIBITS   
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
           
     Exhibit
      Description 
            
     Form 
            
     File No. 
            
     Exhibit 
            
     Filing
  Date 
   
     3.1 
     
     Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3(iii) 
     
     February 14, 2000 
   
     3.2 
     
     Bylaws (amended and restated). 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3.1 
     
     November 20, 2009 
   
     3.3 
     
     Certificate of Designations for The Clorox Company Series A Junior
      Participating Preferred Stock. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     3.1 
     
     July 19, 2011 
   
     4.1 
     
     Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2004, between the Company and
      The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., as trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     December 3, 2004 
   
     4.2 
     
     Exchange and Registration Agreement, dated December 3, 2004,
      relating to the Company’s Floating Rate Notes due 2007, 4.20% Senior Notes
      due 2010 and 5.00% Notes due 2015. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.2 
     
     December 3, 2004 
   
     4.3 
     
     Form of Indenture, dated as of October 9, 2007, between the Company
      and The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., as trustee. 
     
     S-3ASR 
     
     333-146472 
     
     4.1 
     
     October 3, 2007 
   
     4.4 
     
     Form of Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2009, among
      the Company, The Bank of New York Trust Company N.A., and Wells Fargo
      Bank, National Association, as trustee. 
     
     POSASR 
     
     333-146472 
     
     4.4 
     
     November 4, 2009 
   
     4.5 
     
     Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9,
      2009, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     November 5, 2009 
   
     4.6 
     
     Form of Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 17,
      2011, between the company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     November 16, 2011 
   
     4.7 
     
     Form of Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 13,
      2012, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
      trustee. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     4.1 
     
     September 11, 2012 
     10.1* 
     
     1993 Directors’ Stock Option Plan, dated November 17, 1993, which
      was adopted by the stockholders at the Company’s annual meeting of
      stockholders on November 17, 1993, and amended and restated on September
      15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10-2 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.2* 
     
     Form of Option Award under the 1993 Directors’ Stock Option Plan as
      amended and restated as of September 15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10-3 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.3* 
     
     The Clorox Company Independent Directors’ Stock-Based  Compensation Plan, which was adopted by the
      stockholders  at the Company’s
      annual meeting of stockholders on  November 19, 2003. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10(xiv) 
     
     September 26, 2002 
   
     10.4* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and Restated Independent  Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan,
      effective as of  November 16,
      2005, and amended and restated as of  February 7, 2008. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.55 
     
     May 2, 2008 
   
     10.5* 
     
     The Clorox Company Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation  Plan, adopted as of January 1, 1996, and
      amended and  restated as of July
      20, 2004. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10(x) 
     
     August 27, 2004 
   
     10.6* 
     
     The Clorox Company 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, adopted as
       of November 28, 2001, and
      amended and restated as of  September 15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10-4 
     
     November 4, 2004 
  
 31 

 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
           
     Exhibit
      Description 
           
     Form 
           
     File No. 
           
     Exhibit 
           
     Filing
  Date 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     10.7* 
     
     Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement  under the Company’s 1996 Stock Incentive
      Plan, amended  and restated as
      of September 15, 2004. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10-5 
     
     November 4, 2004 
   
     10.8* 
     
     The Clorox Company Annual Incentive Plan, amended and  restated as of September 17, 2013. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     10.9* 
     
     The Clorox Company 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, amended  and restated as of November 14,
    2012. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     February 5, 2013 
   
     10.10* 
     
     Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the  Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for
      awards made in  2011. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.11 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.11* 
     
     Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the  Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for
      awards made in  2012. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.12 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.12* 
     
     Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the  Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan for
      awards made in  2013. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     10.13* 
     
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the
       Company’s 2005 Stock Incentive
      Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.13 
     
     August 23, 2013 
   
     10.14* 
     
     Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under
       the Company’s 2005 Stock
      Incentive Plan. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     10.15* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and Restated 2005  Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan,
      effective January   1,
      2008. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.18 
     
     August 19, 2008 

   
     10.16* 
     
     Amendment No. 1 to The Clorox Company Amended and  Restated
    2005 Nonqualified Deferred        Compensation Plan. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.18 
     
     August 26, 2011 
   
     10.17* 
     
     The Clorox Company Supplemental Executive Retirement  Plan, as restated effective January 5, 2005,
      as revised August  13,
      2009. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.17 
     
     November 3, 2009 
   
     10.18* 
     
     Amendment No. 1 to The Clorox Company Supplemental  Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of
      July 29, 2011. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.21 
     
     November 3, 2011 
   
     10.19* 
     
     Amendment No. 2 to The Clorox Company Supplemental  Executive Retirement Plan, effective as of
      September 11, 2012. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.2 
     
     November 2, 2012 
   
     10.20* 
     
     The Clorox Company Amended and Restated Replacement  Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan for
      the Benefit of  Donald R.
      Knauss, effective as of October 2, 2006. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.19 
     
     February 5, 2009 
   
     10.21* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive Incentive Compensation  Plan, amended and restated as of February 7,
      2008. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.58 
     
     May 2, 2008 
   
     10.22* 
     
     Employment Agreement between The Clorox Company and  Donald R. Knauss, dated May 28,
    2010. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     May 28, 2010 
   
     10.23* 
     
     Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement  between The Clorox Company and Donald R.
      Knauss, dated  as of November
      15, 2011. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     November 15, 2011 
   
     10.24* 
     
     Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.27 
     
     May 4, 2010 
   
     10.25* 
     
     Form of Severance Plan for Clorox Executive Committee  Members, effective as of May 19,
    2010. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.25 
     
     August 26, 2010 
   
     10.26* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive Change in Control  Severance Plan, effective as of December 17,
      2010. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.26 
     
     February 7, 2011 
   
     10.27* 
     
     The Clorox Company Executive Retirement Plan, effective as
       of July 1, 2011. 
     
     10-Q 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.27 
     
     May 4, 2011 
     32 
 

 
 Table of Contents 
 
   
     
     
     
     
     Incorporated by
      Reference 
   
     Exhibit Number 
           
     Exhibit
      Description 
           
     Form 
           
     File No. 
           
     Exhibit 
           
     Filing
  Date 
   
     10.28* 
     
     The Clorox Company 2011 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan,
      effective as of July 1, 2011. 
     
     10-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.29 
     
     August 26,
      2011 
   
     10.29 
     
     Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2012 among The Clorox Company,
      the lenders listed therein, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A. and
      Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agents, and
      Citibank, N.A. as Servicing Agent. 
     
     8-K 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10.1 
     
     May 9,
    2012 
   
     10.30(+) 
     
     Amended and Restated Joint Venture Agreement dated as of
       January 31, 2003, between The
      Glad Products Company and certain affiliates and The Procter and Gamble Company and
       certain affiliates. 
     
     10-Q/A 
     
     001-07151 
     
     10 
     
     April 26, 2005 
   
     21 
     
     Subsidiaries. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     23 
     
     Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     31.1 
     
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox
       Company pursuant to Section 302
      of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     31.2 
     
     Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of The Clorox
       Company pursuant to Section 302
      of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     32 
     
     Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief  Financial Officer of The Clorox Company
      pursuant to Section 906 of
      the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.1 
     
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial  Condition and Results of Operations,
      Consolidated Financial Statements, Management’s Report on Internal Control over
       Financial Reporting and Reports
      of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.2 
     
     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     99.3 
     
     Reconciliation of Economic Profit. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
     101 
     
     The following materials from The Clorox Company’s Annual
       Report on Form 10-K for the
      year ended June 30, 2014 are formatted in extensible Business Reporting Language  (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of
      Earnings, (ii) the  Consolidated
      Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the
      Consolidated  Statements of
      Stockholders’ Equity, (v) the Consolidated  Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to
      Consolidated Financial
      Statements. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 

   
     ____________________ 
   
       
           
       
   
     (*) 
     
     Indicates a
      management or director contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
      required to be filed as an exhibit to this report. 
   
     (+) 
     
     Confidential
      treatment has been granted for certain information contained in this
      document. Such information has been omitted and filed separately with the
      Securities and Exchange
Commission. 
 33 
 


 
 
 
 
