
 10-K
 1
 d291832d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
         UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549      
 FORM  10-K   
     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
   OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
     For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016
       Commission File Number 001 - 32205
       CBRE GROUP, INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 94-3391143 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 
 
 
   400 South Hope Street, 25 th  Floor   Los Angeles,
California 
   
 90071 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
       (213)  613-3333     (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  
     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 


 
 Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
       Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    N.A.  
     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐     
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes  ☐    No  ☒       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation  S-T  (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes  ☒    No  ☐.      
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation  S-K 
(§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form  10-K  or any amendment to the Form  10-K.  ☒       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated  filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act.                      
 Large accelerated filer ☒  Accelerated filer  ☐  Non-accelerated 
filer ☐  Smaller reporting company ☐       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange
Act).    Yes  ☐    No  ☒        As of June 30, 2016, the aggregate market value of Class A Common Stock held by  non-affiliates  of the registrant was $8.9 billion based upon the last
sales price on June 30, 2016 on the New York Stock Exchange of $26.48 for the registrant’s Class A Common Stock.      
 As of February 13, 2017, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding was 337,829,292.  
     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
     Portions of the proxy statement for the registrant’s
2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 19, 2017 are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form  10-K.               

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM
 10-K       
 TABLE OF CONTENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   PART I  
     
 
   Item 1. 
   
 Business 
    
   
 3 
   
 
   Item 1A.     
   
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 9 
   
 
   Item 1B. 
   
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 22 
   
 
   Item 2. 
   
 Properties 
    
   
 22 
   
 
   Item 3. 
   
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 22 
   
 
   Item 4. 
   
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 22 
   
 
 
 
   PART II  
     
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
   
 Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 23 
   
 
   Item 6. 
   
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 25 
   
 
   Item 7. 
   
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 29 
   
 
   Item 7A. 
   
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 53 
   
 
   Item 8. 
   
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 55 
   
 
   Item 9. 
   
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 120 
   
 
   Item 9A. 
   
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 120 
   
 
   Item 9B. 
   
 Other Information 
    
   
 121 
   
 
 
 
   PART III  
     
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
   
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 121 
   
 
   Item 11. 
   
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 121 
   
 
   Item 12. 
   
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 121 
   
 
   Item 13. 
   
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 122 
   
 
   Item 14. 
   
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 122 
   
 
 
 
   PART IV  
     
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
   
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    
   
 122 
   
 
   Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
    
   
 123 
   
 
   SIGNATURES  
    
   
 124 
   
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
     Item 1. Business  
     Company Overview  
     CBRE Group, Inc. is a Delaware corporation. References to
“the company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to CBRE Group, Inc. and include all of its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise.  
     We are the world’s largest commercial real estate
services and investment firm, based on 2016 revenue, with leading full-service operations in major metropolitan areas throughout the world. We provide services in the office, retail, industrial, multifamily and hotel sectors of commercial real
estate. As of December 31, 2016, we operated in approximately 450 offices worldwide with more than 75,000 employees excluding independent affiliates. We serve clients with people in more than 100 countries.  
     We provide commercial real estate services under the
“CBRE” brand name, investment management services under the “CBRE Global Investors” brand name and development services under the “Trammell Crow Company” brand name. Our business is focused on commercial property,
corporate facilities, project and transaction management, tenant/occupier and property/agency leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales, commercial mortgage brokerage, loan origination and servicing) real estate investment management,
valuation, development services and proprietary research. We generate revenue from both management fees (large multi-year portfolio and  per-project  contracts) and from commissions on transactions. Our
contractual,  fee-for-services  businesses generally involve occupier outsourcing (including facilities and project management), property management, investment
management, appraisal/valuation and loan servicing). In addition, our leasing services business line is largely recurring in nature over time. Our revenue mix has shifted in recent years toward more contractual revenue as occupiers and investors
increasingly prefer to purchase integrated, account-based services from firms that meet the full spectrum of their needs nationally and globally. We believe we are well-positioned to capture a growing share of this business.  
     In 2016, we generated revenue from a
well-balanced, highly diversified base of clients, including more than 90 of the  Fortune  100 companies. We have been included in the  Fortune  500 since 2008 (ranking #259 in 2016) and among the  Fortune  Most Admired Companies
in the real estate sector for five consecutive years, including in 2017. In 2016, we were ranked by  Forbes  as the
15 th  best employer in America, and the International
Association of Outsourcing Professionals (IAOP) has ranked us among the top few outsourcing service providers across all industries for five consecutive years. Additionally, we were one of only two companies to be ranked in the top 12 in the
 Barron’s  500, which evaluates companies on growth and financial performance, in each of 2014, 2015 and 2016.      
 CBRE History      
 We marked our 111th year of continuous operations in 2017, tracing our origins to a company founded in San Francisco in the aftermath of
the 1906 earthquake. Since then, we have grown into the largest global commercial real estate services and investment firm (in terms of 2016 revenue) through organic growth and a series of strategic acquisitions. Among these are the following
acquisitions: Global Workplace Solutions (September 2015); Norland Managed Services Ltd (December 2013); ING Group N.V.’s Real Estate Investment Management (REIM) operations in Europe and Asia (October 2011) and its U.S.-based global real
estate listed securities business (July 2011); and Trammell Crow Company (December 2006).        Our Regions of Operation and Principal Services      
 CBRE Group, Inc. is a holding company that conducts all of its operations through its indirect subsidiaries. CBRE Group, Inc. does not
have any independent operations or employees. CBRE Services, Inc., our direct wholly-owned subsidiary, is also generally a holding company and is the primary obligor or issuer with respect to most of our long-term indebtedness.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We report our operations through the following segments: (1) Americas; (2) Europe,
Middle East and Africa, or EMEA; (3) Asia Pacific; (4) Global Investment Management; and (5) Development Services.      
 Information regarding revenue and operating income or loss, attributable to each of our segments, is included in “Segment
Operations” within the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section and within Note 17 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated herein by
reference. Information concerning the identifiable assets of each of our business segments is also set forth in Note 17 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
     The Americas  
     The Americas is our largest reporting segment, comprised of
operations throughout the United States and Canada as well as key markets in Latin America. Our operations are largely wholly-owned, but also include independent affiliates to whom we license the “CBRE” name in their local markets in
return for payments of annual or quarterly royalty fees to us and an agreement to cross-refer business between us and the affiliate.      
 Most of our operations are conducted through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE, Inc. Our mortgage loan origination, sales and
servicing operations are conducted exclusively through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary operating under the name CBRE Capital Markets, Inc., or CBRE Capital Markets, and its subsidiaries. Our operations in Canada are conducted through our
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE Limited and our operations in Latin America are operated through various indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries.      
 Our Americas segment accounted for 55.3% of our 2016 revenue, 57.0% of our 2015 revenue and 57.5% of our 2014 revenue. Within our Americas
segment, we organize our services into several business lines, as further described below.        Leasing Services        Through our Advisory & Transaction Services business line, we provide strategic advice and execution to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with leasing. We generate
significant repeat business from existing clients, which, for example, accounted for approximately 70% of our U.S. leasing activity in 2016, including referrals from other parts of our business. We believe we are a market leader for the provision of
these services in most top U.S. metropolitan statistical areas (as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau), including Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York and Philadelphia.  
     Capital Markets  
     We offer clients fully integrated property sales and
mortgage and structured financing services under the CBRE Capital Markets brand. The tight integration of these services helps to meet marketplace demand for comprehensive capital markets solutions. During 2016, we concluded approximately
$127.8 billion of capital markets transactions in the Americas, including $89.8 billion of property sales transactions and $38.0 billion of mortgage originations and loan sales.        We are the leading property sales advisor in the United States, accounting for approximately 16.3% of
investment sales transactions greater than $2.5 million across office, industrial, retail, multifamily and hotel properties in 2016, according to Real Capital Analytics. Our mortgage brokerage business brokers, originates and services
commercial mortgage loans primarily through relationships established with investment banking firms, national and regional banks, credit companies, insurance companies, pension funds and government agencies. In the Americas, our mortgage loan
origination volume in 2016 was $37.0 billion, including approximately $16.0 billion for U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs). Most of the GSE loans were financed  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
through revolving warehouse credit lines through a CBRE subsidiary that is dedicated exclusively for this purpose and were substantially risk mitigated by either obtaining a contractual purchase
commitment from the GSE or confirming a forward-trade commitment for the issuance and purchase of a mortgage-backed security that will be secured by the loan. We advised on the sale of approximately $1.1 billion of mortgages on behalf of
financial institutions in 2016. We also oversee a loan servicing portfolio, which totaled approximately $119 billion in the Americas (approximately $145 billion globally) at  year-end  2016.
       Our real estate services professionals are
compensated primarily through commissions, which are payable upon completion of an assignment. This mitigates the effect of compensation, our largest expense, on our operating margins during difficult market conditions. We strive to retain top
professionals through an attractive compensation program tied to productivity as well as greater investments in support resources, including professional development and training, market research and information, technology, branding and marketing,
than most other firms in our sector.        We further
strengthen our relationships with our real estate services clients by offering proprietary research to them through CBRE Research and CBRE Econometric Advisors, our commercial real estate market information and forecasting groups.  
     Valuation  
     We provide valuation services that include market value
appraisals, litigation support, discounted cash flow analyses, feasibility studies as well as consulting services such as property condition reports, hotel advisory and environmental consulting. Our valuation business has developed proprietary
systems for data management, analysis and valuation report preparation, which we believe provide us with an advantage over our competitors. We believe that our valuation business is one of the largest in the commercial real estate industry. During
2016, we completed over 69,000 valuation, appraisal and advisory assignments in the Americas.        Occupier Outsourcing        Through our Global Workplace Solutions business line, we provide a broad suite of services to occupiers of real estate, including facilities management, project management, transaction management and
strategic consulting. We report facilities and project management as well as strategic consulting activities in our occupier outsourcing revenue line and transaction management in our lease and sales revenue lines.  
     We believe the outsourcing of commercial real estate services
is a long-term trend in our industry, with occupiers, such as corporations, public sector entities, health care providers and others, achieving better execution and improved efficiency by relying on the expertise of third-party real estate
specialists.        We typically enter into multi-year,
often multi-service outsourcing contracts with our clients, and also provide services on a  one-off  assignment or a short-term contract basis. Facilities management involves the
 day-to-day  management of client-occupied space and includes headquarter buildings, regional offices, administrative offices, data centers and other critical facilities,
manufacturing and laboratory facilities, distribution facilities and retail space. Contracts for facilities management services are often structured so we are reimbursed for client-dedicated personnel costs and subcontracted vendor costs as well as
associated overhead expenses plus a monthly fee, and in some cases, annual incentives tied to agreed-upon performance targets, with any penalties typically capped. Project management services are typically provided on a portfolio-wide or
programmatic basis. Revenues for project management generally include fixed management fees, variable fees, and incentive fees if certain agreed-upon performance targets are met. Revenues for project management may also include reimbursement of
payroll and related costs for personnel providing the services.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Property Management        Through our Asset Services business line, we provide property management services on a contractual basis for
owners/investors in office, industrial and retail properties. These services include construction management, marketing, building engineering, accounting and financial services.  
     We typically receive monthly management fees for the property
management services we provide based upon a specified percentage of the monthly rental income or rental receipts generated from the property under management, or in certain cases, the greater of such percentage fee or a minimum agreed-upon fee. We
are also often reimbursed for our administrative and payroll costs, as well as certain  out-of-pocket  expenses, directly attributable to the properties under management.
Our management agreements with our property management services clients may be terminated by either party with notice generally ranging between 30 to 90 days; however, we have developed long-term relationships with many of these clients and the
typical contract continues for multiple years. We believe our contractual relationships with these clients put us in an advantageous position to provide other services to them, including leasing, refinancing, disposition and appraisal.  
     Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
       Our Europe, Middle East and Africa, or
EMEA, reporting segment serves clients in approximately 60 countries. The largest operations are located in France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, The Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Our operations in these countries generally
provide a full range of services to the commercial property sector. Additionally, we provide some residential property services, focused on the prime and super-prime segments of the market, primarily in the United Kingdom. Within EMEA, our services
are organized along similar lines as in the Americas, including leasing, property sales, valuation services, asset management services and occupier outsourcing, among others. Our EMEA segment accounted for 30.0% of our 2016 revenue, 27.7% of our
2015 revenue and 25.9% of our 2014 revenue.        In
several countries in EMEA, we have contractual relationships with independent affiliates that provide commercial real estate services under our brand name. Our agreements with these independent affiliates include licenses by us to them to use the
“CBRE” name in the relevant territory in return for payments of annual or quarterly royalty fees to us. In addition, these agreements typically provide for the cross-referral of business between us and our affiliates.  
     Asia Pacific  
     Our Asia Pacific reporting segment serves clients in 16
countries. Our largest operations in Asia are located in Greater China, India, Japan, Singapore and Thailand. The Pacific region includes Australia and New Zealand. Our operations in these countries provide a full range of real estate services to
the commercial sector, similar to the services provided by our Americas and EMEA segments. We also provide services to the residential property sector predominantly in the Pacific region. In addition, we have contractual agreements with independent
affiliates that generate royalty fees and support cross-referral arrangements similar to our EMEA segment. Our Asia Pacific segment accounted for 11.4% of our 2016 revenue, 10.5% of our 2015 revenue and 10.7% of our 2014 revenue.  
     Global Investment Management  
     Operations in our Global Investment Management reporting
segment are conducted through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE Global Investors, LLC and its global affiliates, which we also refer to as CBRE Global Investors. CBRE Global Investors provides investment management services to pension funds,
insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, foundations, endowments and other institutional investors seeking to generate returns and diversification through investment in real estate. It sponsors investment programs that span the risk/return
spectrum in: North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. In some strategies, CBRE Global Investors and its investment teams  co-invest  with its limited partners.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE Global Investors’ offerings are organized into four primary categories:
(1) direct real estate investments through sponsored funds; (2) direct real estate investments through separate accounts; (3) indirect real estate and infrastructure investments through listed securities; and (4) indirect real
estate investments through multi-manager investment programs.        Assets under management, or AUM, totaled $86.6 billion at December 31, 2016 as compared to $89.0 billion at December 31, 2015. In local currency, AUM for 2016 was up $2.1 billion,
but down $2.4 billion when measured in U.S dollars. Our Global Investment Management segment accounted for 2.8% of our 2016 revenue, 4.2% of our 2015 revenue and 5.2% of our 2014 revenue.        Development Services  
     Operations in our Development Services reporting segment are
conducted through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Trammell Crow Company, LLC, which we also refer to as Trammell Crow Company, and certain of its subsidiaries, providing development services primarily in the United States to users of and
investors in commercial real estate, as well as for its own account. Trammell Crow Company pursues opportunistic, risk-mitigated development and investment in commercial real estate across a wide spectrum of property types, including: industrial,
office and retail properties; healthcare facilities of all types (medical office buildings, hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers); and  residential/mixed-use  projects. Our Development Services segment
accounted for 0.5% of our 2016 revenue, 0.6% of our 2015 revenue and 0.7% of our 2014 revenue.        Trammell Crow Company pursues development and investment activity on behalf of its clients on a fee basis (with no ownership interest in a property), in partnership with its clients (through  co-investment  – either on an individual project basis or through programs with certain strategic capital partners) or for its own account (100% ownership). Development activity in which Trammell Crow Company
has an ownership interest is conducted through subsidiaries that are consolidated or unconsolidated for financial reporting purposes, depending primarily on the extent and nature of our ownership interest.  
     At December 31, 2016, Trammell Crow Company had
$6.6 billion of development projects in process. Additionally, the inventory of pipeline deals (prospective projects we believe have a greater than 50% chance of closing or where land has been acquired and the projected construction start date
is more than twelve months out) was $4.2 billion at December 31, 2016.        Competition        We compete across a variety of business lines within the commercial real estate industry, including commercial property, corporate facilities, project and transaction management, tenant/occupier and
property/agency leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales, commercial mortgage origination, sales and servicing, and structured finance) real estate investment management, valuation, development services and proprietary research. Each
business line is highly competitive on an international, national, regional and local level. Although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2016 revenue, our relative competitive position varies
significantly across geographic markets, property types and services. We face competition from other commercial real estate service providers that compete with us on a global, national, regional or local basis or within a market segment; outsourcing
companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have expanded their offerings from time to time;  in-house  corporate real estate departments and property
owners/developers that self-perform real estate services; investment banking firms, investment managers and developers that compete with us to raise and place investment capital; and accounting/consulting firms that advise on real estate strategies.
Some of these firms may have greater financial resources than we do.        Despite recent consolidation, the commercial real estate services industry remains highly fragmented and competitive. Although many of our competitors are substantially smaller than we are, some of them
are larger on a regional or local basis or have a stronger position in a specific market segment or service offering. Among our  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
primary competitors are other large national and global firms, such as Cushman & Wakefield, JLL (formerly Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated), Colliers International Group Inc. , Savills
plc and BGC Partners (which is the publicly traded parent of Newmark Grubb Knight Frank); market-segment specialists, such as Eastdil Secured, HFF, L.P., Marcus & Millichap, Inc. and Walker & Dunlop, Inc.; and firms with business
lines that compete with our occupier outsourcing business.      
 Seasonality      
 A significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which an investor should keep in mind when comparing our financial condition and results
of operations on a  quarter-by-quarter  basis. Historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tend to be lowest in the
first quarter, and highest in the fourth quarter of each year. Revenue, earnings and cash flow have generally been concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to  year-end.         Employees
       At December 31, 2016, excluding our
independent affiliates, we had more than 75,000 employees worldwide, approximately 37% of whose costs are fully reimbursed by clients and are mostly in our Global Workplace Solutions and Asset Services lines of business. At December 31, 2016,
approximately 1,800 of our employees were subject to collective bargaining agreements, most of whom work in properties we manage in California, Illinois, New Jersey and New York.  
     Intellectual Property  
     We hold various trademarks and trade names worldwide, which
include the “CBRE” name. Although we believe our intellectual property plays a role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve, we do not believe we would be materially, adversely affected by
expiration or termination of our trademarks or trade names or the loss of any of our other intellectual property rights other than the “CBRE” and “Trammell Crow Company” names. We maintain trademark registrations for the CBRE
service mark in jurisdictions where we conduct significant business.        We hold a license to use the “Trammell Crow Company” trade name pursuant to a license agreement with CF98, L.P., an affiliate of Crow Realty Investors, L.P., d/b/a Crow Holdings, which may be
revoked if we fail to satisfy usage and quality control covenants under the license agreement.        In addition to trademarks and trade names, we have acquired and developed proprietary technologies for the provision of complex services and analysis. We also offer proprietary research to clients through
CBRE Economic Advisors and we offer proprietary investment analysis and structures through CBRE Global Investors. While we have not generally registered these items of intellectual property in any jurisdiction, we may seek to secure our rights under
applicable intellectual property protection laws in these and any other proprietary assets that we use in our business.      
 Environmental Matters      
 Federal, state and local laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business impose environmental liabilities, controls,
disclosure rules and zoning restrictions that affect the ownership, management, development, use or sale of commercial real estate. Certain of these laws and regulations may impose liability on current or previous real property owners or operators
for the cost of investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property, including contamination resulting from above-ground or underground storage tanks or the presence of asbestos or lead at a
property. If contamination occurs or is present during our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable for such costs as a current “operator” of a property, regardless of the legality of the acts or
omissions that caused the contamination and  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The operator of a site also may be liable under common law to third parties for
damages and injuries resulting from exposure to hazardous substances or environmental contamination at a site, including liabilities arising from exposure to asbestos-containing materials. Under certain laws and common law principles, any failure by
us to disclose environmental contamination at a property could subject us to liability to a buyer or lessee of the property. Further, federal, state and local governments in the countries in which we do business have enacted various laws,
regulations and treaties governing environmental and climate change, particularly for “greenhouse gases,” which seek to tax, penalize or limit their release. Such regulations could lead to increased operational or compliance costs over
time.        While we are aware of the presence or the
potential presence of regulated substances in the soil or groundwater at or near several properties owned, operated or managed by us that may have resulted from historical or ongoing activities on those properties, we are not aware of any material
noncompliance with the environmental laws or regulations currently applicable to us, and we are not the subject of any material claim for liability with respect to contamination at any location. However, these laws and regulations may discourage
sales and leasing activities and mortgage lending with respect to some properties, which may adversely affect both the commercial real estate services industry in general and us. Environmental contamination or other environmental liabilities may
also negatively affect the value of commercial real estate assets held by entities that are managed by our investment management and development services businesses, which could adversely affect the results of operations of these business lines.
       Available Information  
     Our internet address is www.cbre.com. We use our website as
a channel of distribution for company information, and financial and other material information regarding us is routinely posted and accessible on our website.      
 On the Investor Relations page of our website, we post the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are
electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC: our Annual Report on Form  10-K,  our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, our Quarterly Reports on Form  10-Q,  our Current Reports on Form  8-K  and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the Exchange Act. We also make available through our website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including reports filed by our officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.
       All of the information on our Investor Relations
web page is available to be viewed free of charge. Information contained on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form  10-K  or our other filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless we are required to do so by law.  
     A copy of this Annual Report on Form  10-K  is available without charge upon written request to: Investor Relations, CBRE Group, Inc., 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.        Item 1A. Risk Factors      
 Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed
below identify the material risk factors affecting our  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to
be immaterial (but that later become material) may also adversely affect our business.        The success of our business is significantly related to general economic conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by economic
slowdowns, liquidity crises, fiscal or political uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities in one or more of the geographies or industry sectors that we or our clients
serve.        Periods of economic weakness or
recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal or political uncertainty, market volatility, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit
markets or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines.      
 Our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the markets where we principally operate, which can
result in a general decline in real estate acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of commercial real estate and in rents, which in turn reduces revenue from asset services fees and commissions
derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. Our businesses could also suffer from political or economic disruptions that affect interest rates or
liquidity or create financial, market or regulatory uncertainty. For example, the U.K.’s vote to withdraw from the European Union, commonly known as “Brexit,” and speculation about the terms and consequences of this exit or that of
other European Union members has caused and may continue to cause market volatility and currency fluctuations and adversely impact our clients’ confidence, which may result in a deterioration in our U.K. and other European businesses as leasing
and investing activity slow down.        Adverse
economic conditions or political or regulatory uncertainty could also lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in existing commercial real estate assets and properties planned for development, which in turn
could reduce the commissions and fees that we earn. In addition, our development and investment strategy often entails making  co-investments  alongside our investor clients. During an economic downturn, capital
for our investment activities is usually constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or selling prices may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may
be reduced, and we could realize losses or diminished profitability. In addition, economic downturns may reduce the amount of loan originations and related servicing by our Capital Markets business.  
     The performance of our asset services line of business
depends upon how well the properties we manage perform. This is because our fees are generally based on a percentage of rent collections from these properties. Rent collections may be affected by many factors, including: (i) real estate and
financial market conditions prevailing generally and locally; (ii) our ability to attract and retain creditworthy tenants, particularly during economic downturns; and (iii) the magnitude of defaults by tenants under their respective
leases, which may increase during distressed economic conditions.        In continental Europe and Asia Pacific, the economies in certain countries can be fragile, which may adversely affect our financial performance.        Economic, political and regulatory uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial
markets and business environment, and in the global landscape, make it increasingly difficult for us to predict our financial performance into the future. As a result, any guidance or outlook that we provide on our performance is based on
then-current conditions, and there is a risk that such guidance may turn out to be inaccurate.  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Adverse developments in the credit markets may harm our business, results of
operations and financial condition.        Our
Global Investment Management, Development Services and Capital Markets (including property sales and mortgage and structured financing services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as marketplace liquidity. Additionally,
the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate market.      
 Disruptions in the credit markets may adversely affect our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of
real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to procure credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer completed leasing transactions, dispositions and acquisitions of property. In
addition, if purchasers of commercial real estate are not able to procure favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition opportunities for our funds and projects, our Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses may be
unable to generate incentive fees, and we may also experience losses of  co-invested  equity capital if the disruption causes a permanent decline in the value of investments made.  
     Our operations are subject to social, political and
economic risks in foreign countries as well as foreign currency volatility.        We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally.
During 2016, approximately 47% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies, the majority of which included the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Danish krone, euro, Hong Kong dollar,
Indian rupee, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Polish zloty, Singapore dollar, Swedish krona, Swiss franc and Thai baht. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in our assets under management for our
Global Investment Management business, revenue and earnings. Over time, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. For example, Brexit
caused a significant decline in the value of the British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar during 2016 and negotiations with respect to the terms of the U.K.’s withdrawal or other changes to the membership or policies of the European
Union, or speculation about such events, may cause additional volatility in international currency markets. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to perform  period-to-period  comparisons of our reported results of operations.      
 Additional circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following factors:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   currency restrictions, transfer pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits to the
United States;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements and regimes or uncertainty about the application of or the future of such regulatory or tax
requirements and regimes;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the responsibility of complying with numerous, potentially conflicting and frequently complex and changing laws in multiple jurisdictions,  e.g. ,
with respect to corrupt practices, embargoes, trade sanctions, employment and licensing;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability;  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a tendency for clients to delay payments in some European and Asian countries;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   political and economic instability in certain countries;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in certain countries, particularly in Asia Pacific, or the risk that such restrictions will
be adopted in the future; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in U.S. laws or policies governing foreign trade or investment and use of foreign operations or workers, and any negative sentiments towards
the United States as a result of any such changes to laws or policies.        We maintain anti-corruption and anti-money-laundering compliance programs and programs designed to enable us to comply with applicable government economic sanctions, embargoes and other import/export
controls throughout the company. But, coordinating our activities to deal with the broad range of complex legal and regulatory environments in which we operate presents significant challenges. We may not be successful in complying with regulations
in all situations and violations may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material monetary fines, penalties, equitable remedies (including disgorgement), and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse
effect on our reputation and business.        We have
committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in select markets and to develop local sales and support channels. If we are unable to successfully implement
these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In
addition, we have penetrated, and seek to continue to enter into, emerging markets to further expand our global platform. However, we may not be successful in effectively evaluating and monitoring the key business, operational, legal and compliance
risks specific to those markets. The political and cultural risks present in emerging countries could also harm our ability to successfully execute our operations or manage our businesses there.  
     Our success depends upon the retention of our senior
management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees.      
 Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, including Robert E.
Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sulentic and certain other key employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals,
who generate a significant amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees, or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to quickly hire and
integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. Competition for these personnel is significant and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently
qualified personnel. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified support personnel in all areas of our business. We and our competitors use equity incentives and  sign-on  and retention bonuses to help attract, retain and incentivize key personnel. As competition is significant for the services of such personnel, the expense of such incentives and bonuses may increase and we
may be unable to attract or retain such personnel to the same extent that we have in the past. Any significant decline in, or failure to grow, our stock price may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. Furthermore, shareholder
influence on our compensation practices, including our ability to issue equity compensation, may decrease our ability to offer attractive compensation to key personnel and make recruiting, retaining and incentivizing such personnel more difficult.
If we are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We have numerous local and global competitors across all of our business lines and the
geographies that we serve, and further industry consolidation could lead to significant future competition.      
 We compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services and investment industry, including
commercial property, corporate facilities, project and transaction management, tenant/occupier and property/agency leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales, commercial mortgage brokerage, loan origination and servicing), real estate
investment management, valuation, development services and proprietary research. Although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2016 revenue, our relative competitive position varies significantly across
geographies, property types and services and business lines. Depending on the geography, property type or service or business line, we face competition from other commercial real estate service providers and investment firms, including outsourcing
companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have expanded their offerings from time to time,  in-house  corporate real estate departments, developers,
institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers and accounting and consulting firms. Some of these firms may have greater financial resources allocated to a particular geography, property type or service or
business line than we have allocated to that geography, property type, service or business line. In addition, future changes in laws could lead to the entry of other new competitors, such as financial institutions. Although many of our existing
competitors are local or regional firms that are smaller than we are, some of these competitors are larger on a local or regional basis. We are further subject to competition from large national and multi-national firms that have similar service and
investment competencies to ours, and it is possible that further industry consolidation could lead to much larger and more formidable competitors globally or in the particular geographies, property types, service or business lines that we serve.
There is no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share.      
 Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not perform as expected and similar opportunities may not be
available in the future.        A significant
component of our growth over time has been generated by acquisitions. Any future growth through acquisitions will depend in part upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and
conditions, which may not be available to us, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. We may incur significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, subject to the restrictions contained
in the documents governing our then-existing indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our then-existing debt, would increase. Acquisitions involve risks that business
judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired may prove incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which include severance, lease
termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others.        We have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other companies. This could result in the diversion of management’s
attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or clients or those of the acquired operations. The integration process itself may be disruptive to our business and the acquired company’s businesses as it
requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of new accounting and information technology systems. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net income. Acquisitions
also frequently involve significant costs related to integrating information technology and accounting and management services.      
 We complete acquisitions with the expectation that they will result in various benefits, including enhanced or more stable revenues, a
strengthened market position, cross-selling opportunities, cost synergies, tax benefits and accretion to our adjusted income per share. Achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions is subject to a number of uncertainties, including the
realization of accretive benefits in the timeframe anticipated and whether we can successfully integrate the acquired business. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our overall
business, financial condition and operating results.        Our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve unique risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized, could harm our business.  
     We have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments,
select local brokerage and other affiliations both in the United States and internationally, and we may acquire interests in other joint ventures in the future. Under our affiliate program, we enter into contractual relationships with local
brokerage, asset services or other operations pursuant to which we license to that operation our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for a royalty or economic participation in that operation’s revenue, profits or
transactional activity. In many of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action
contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint
venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.      
 Our real estate investment and  co-investment  activities in our Global Investment Management
as well as Development Services businesses subject us to real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in earnings and cash flow.      
 An important part of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves
 co-investing  our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2016, we had committed $31.6 million to fund
future  co-investments  in our Global Investment Management business, $25.5 million of which is expected to be funded during 2017. In addition to required future capital contributions, some of the  co-investment  entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. However, our debt instruments contain restrictions that may limit our ability to provide
capital to the entities holding direct or indirect interests in  co-investments.  The failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including
damage to our reputation with our  co-investment  partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other  co-investors.  Participating as a  co-investor  is an important part of our Global Investment Management business, which might suffer if we were unable to make these investments.
       Selective investment in real estate projects is
an important part of our Development Services business strategy, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2016, we had nine real estate projects consolidated in our financial statements. In addition, at
December 31, 2016, we were involved as a principal (in most cases,  co-investing  with our clients) in approximately 60 unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $121.9 million
and had committed additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $23.0 million. As of December 31, 2016, we also guaranteed outstanding notes payable of these unconsolidated subsidiaries with outstanding balances of
$15.7 million.        During the ordinary course of
our Development Services business, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to
complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. While we generally have “guaranteed maximum price” contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these guarantees (which are intended to pass most
of the risk to such contractors), there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations
and financial condition.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Because the disposition of a single significant investment can affect our financial
performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could cause fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. In many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments and the recognition of any
related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee.        Poor performance of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages would cause a decline in our revenue, net income and cash flow and could adversely affect our
ability to raise capital for future programs.        The revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our Global Investment Management business can be volatile period over period, primarily due to the fact that management, transaction and incentive fees
can vary as a result of market movements from one period to another. In the event that any of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could
decline because the value of the assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. Moreover,
we could experience losses on  co-investments  of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. Investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our
ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance.      
 Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would
become immediately due and payable.        We
have debt and related debt service obligations. As of December 31, 2016, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally nonrecourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned
subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was approximately $2.6 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2016, our interest expense was approximately $144.9 million.  
     Our debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose,
and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   plan for or react to market conditions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our
interest, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   paying dividends or making distributions on or repurchases of capital stock;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   repurchasing equity interests or debt;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the payment of dividends or other amounts to us;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   making investments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   transferring or selling assets, including the stock of subsidiaries;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   engaging in transactions with affiliates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   issuing subsidiary equity or entering into consolidations and mergers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   creating liens; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   entering into sale/leaseback transactions.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our credit agreement currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA
(as defined in the credit agreement) to total interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) of 4.25x as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Our coverage ratio
of EBITDA to total interest expense was 12.73x for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.18x as of December 31, 2016. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be
affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement.
       A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or
the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with
accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, a default under
our credit agreement could trigger a cross default or cross acceleration under our other debt instruments.      
 Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries.  
     We have limited restrictions on the amount of
additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. In addition, in the event of a credit-ratings downgrade, our ability to borrow and the
costs of that borrowing could be adversely affected.        Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, and so we may in the
future incur such indebtedness in order to finance our operations and investments. In addition, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, rate our significant outstanding debt. These ratings, and any
downgrades of them, may affect our ability to borrow as well as the costs of our current and future borrowings.      
 A significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which could cause our financial results to fluctuate significantly.
       A significant portion of our revenue is
seasonal. Historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tend to be lowest in the first calendar quarter, and highest in the fourth calendar quarter of each year. Earnings and cash flow have generally
been concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to calendar  year-end.  This variance among periods makes it difficult to compare
our financial condition and results of operations on a  quarter-by-quarter  basis. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, political, economic or
other unforeseen disruptions occurring in the fourth quarter that impact our ability to close large transactions may have a disproportionate effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
     We are subject to various litigation risks and may face
financial liabilities and/or damage to our reputation as a result of litigation.        Our businesses are exposed to various litigation risks. In addition, although we maintain insurance coverage for most of this risk, insurance coverage is unavailable at commercially reasonable pricing for
certain types of exposures. Accordingly, an adverse result in a litigation against us, or a lawsuit that results in a substantial legal liability for us (and particularly a lawsuit that is not insured), could have a disproportionate and material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we depend on our business relationships and our reputation for high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. As a result, allegations
against us, irrespective of the ultimate outcome of that allegation, may harm our professional reputation and as such materially damage our business and its prospects.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A failure to appropriately deal with actual or perceived conflicts of interest could
adversely affect our businesses.        Our
company has a global platform with different business lines and a broad client base and is therefore subject to numerous potential, actual or perceived conflicts of interests in the provision of services to our existing and potential clients. For
example, conflicts may arise from our position as broker to both owners and tenants in commercial real estate lease transactions. We have adopted various policies, controls and procedures to address or limit actual or perceived conflicts, but these
policies and procedures may not be adequate and may not be adhered to by our employees. Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to
gain new clients if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and manage potential conflicts of interest, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that in
some jurisdictions regulations could be changed to limit our ability to act for parties where conflicts exist even with informed consent, which could limit our market share in those markets. There can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will
not arise in the future that could cause material harm to us.        Failure to maintain and execute information technology strategies and ensure that our employees adapt to changes in technology could materially and adversely affect our ability to remain competitive
in the market.        Our business relies
heavily on information technology to deliver services that meet the needs of our clients. If we are unable to effectively execute our information technology strategies or adopt new technologies and processes relevant to our service platform, our
ability to deliver high-quality services may be materially impaired. In addition, we make significant investments in new systems and tools to achieve competitive advantages and efficiencies. Implementation of such investments in information
technology could exceed estimated budgets and we may experience challenges that prevent new strategies or technologies from being realized according to anticipated schedules. If we are unable to maintain current information technology and processes
or encounter delays, or fail to exploit new technologies, then the execution of our business plans may be disrupted. Similarly, our employees require effective tools and techniques to perform functions integral to our business. Failure to
successfully provide such tools and systems, or ensure that employees have properly adopted them, could materially and adversely impact our ability to achieve positive business outcomes.        Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personally
identifiable and client information, intellectual property and proprietary business information could significantly adversely affect us.      
 Security breaches and other disruptions of our information and technology networks could compromise our information and intellectual
property and expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs, which could cause material harm to our business and financial results. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including
our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personally identifiable information of our employees and contractors, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and
transmission of this information are critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by third parties or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other
disruptions. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personally identifiable or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee
malfeasance or otherwise,  non-compliance  with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such
data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage our reputation, result in the
loss of a competitive advantage, impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial data and cause a loss of confidence in our services and financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, competitive position and
investor confidence. Additionally, we increasingly rely on third-party data storage  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
providers, including cloud storage solution providers, resulting in less direct control over our data. Such third parties are also vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security
systems, for which we may not be indemnified and which could materially adversely affect us and our reputation.      
 Interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to provide
our services effectively, which could damage our reputation and materially harm our operating results.      
 Our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. Our ability
to conduct our global business may be materially adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or infrastructure. Our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss,
telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, or other events which are beyond our control.
In addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. Any of these events could
cause system interruption, delays and loss, corruption or exposure of critical data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, and we may not be able to successfully implement
contingency plans that depend on communication or travel. Furthermore, any such event could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability to customers, business partners and other third parties. We have disaster recovery plans
and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of
any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.
       The infrastructure disruptions we describe above
may also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients. The buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world’s largest office
properties and retail centers, are used by numerous people daily. As a result, fires, earthquakes, floods, other natural disasters, defects and terrorist attacks can result in significant loss of life, and, to the extent we are held to have been
negligent in connection with our management of the affected properties, we could incur significant financial liabilities and reputational harm.      
 Our business relies heavily on the use of commercial real estate data. A portion of this data is purchased or licensed from third-party
providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. A disruption of our ability to provide data to our professionals and/or our clients or an inadvertent exposure of proprietary data could damage our reputation and competitive
position, and our operating results could be adversely affected.        Our goodwill and other intangible assets could become impaired, which may require us to take significant  non-cash  charges against earnings.
       Under current accounting guidelines, we
must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a  non-cash  charge against earnings, and such charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders’ equity and our stock price. A significant and sustained decline in our
future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, could result in the need to perform additional impairment
analysis in future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
 
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be
adversely affected by new laws or regulations or by changes in existing laws or regulations or the application thereof. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us, or make incorrect determinations in complex tax regimes, we may
incur significant financial penalties.        We
are subject to numerous federal, state, local and  non-U.S.  laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business. Brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision of
asset services and valuation services require us and our employees to maintain applicable licenses in each U.S. state and certain  non-U.S.  jurisdictions in which we perform these services. If we and our
employees fail to maintain our licenses or conduct these activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions
received or have our licenses suspended or revoked. A number of our services, including the services provided by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, CBRE Capital Markets and CBRE Global Investors, are subject to regulation by the SEC, FINRA or
other self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. We could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to claimed noncompliance
with these regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.      
 We are also subject to laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities, environmental and employment laws, including the Fair Labor
Standards Act, occupational health and safety regulations and U.S. state  wage-and-hour  laws. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of
significant fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants and significant amounts paid in legal fees or settlements of these matters.  
     We operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax
regimes, and are subject to different forms of taxation resulting in a variable effective tax rate. In addition, from time to time we engage in transactions across different tax jurisdictions. Due to the different tax laws in the many jurisdictions
where we operate, we are often required to make subjective determinations. The tax authorities in the various jurisdictions where we carry on business may not agree with the determinations that are made by us with respect to the application of
tax law. Such disagreements could result in disputes and, ultimately, in the payment of additional funds to the government authorities in the jurisdictions where we carry on business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations. In addition, changes in tax rules or the outcome of tax assessments and audits could have an adverse effect on our results in any particular quarter.  
     As the size and scope of our business has increased
significantly during the past several years, both the difficulty of ensuring compliance with numerous licensing and other regulatory requirements and the possible loss resulting from  non-compliance  have
increased. The global economic crisis has resulted in increased government and legislative activities, including the introduction of new legislation and changes to rules and regulations, which we expect will continue into the future. New or revised
legislation or regulations applicable to our business, both within and outside of the United States, as well as changes in administrations or enforcement priorities may have an adverse effect on our business, including increasing the costs of
regulatory compliance or preventing us from providing certain types of services in certain jurisdictions or in connection with certain transactions or clients. We are unable to predict how any of these new laws, rules, regulations and proposals will
be implemented or in what form, or whether any additional or similar changes to laws or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. Any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable
ways and could have an adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.      
 We may be subject to environmental liability as a result of our role as a property or facility manager or developer of real estate.
       Various laws and regulations impose
liability on real property owners or operators for the cost of investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property. In  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable as an operator for such costs. This liability may be imposed without regard to the legality of the original
actions and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. If we fail to disclose environmental issues, we could also be liable to a buyer or lessee of a property. If we incur any
such liability, our business could suffer significantly as it could be difficult for us to develop or sell such properties, or borrow funds using such properties as collateral. In the event of a substantial liability, our insurance coverage might be
insufficient to pay the full damages, or the scope of available coverage may not cover certain of these liabilities. Additionally, liabilities incurred to comply with more stringent future environmental requirements could adversely affect any or all
of our lines of business.        Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking
Statements        This Annual Report on Form  10-K  includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Exchange Act. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “should,” “propose,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,”
“predict,” “project,” “will” and similar terms and phrases are used in this Annual Report on Form  10-K  to identify forward-looking statements. Except for historical information
contained herein, the matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form  10-K  are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to analyses and other information based on forecasts of future results and
estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to our future prospects, developments and business strategies.      
 These forward-looking statements are made based on our management’s expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us
and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.        The following factors are among those, but are not only those, that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   disruptions in general economic and business conditions, particularly in geographies where our business may be concentrated;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   volatility and disruption of the securities, capital and credit markets, interest rate increases, the cost and availability of capital for investment
in real estate, clients’ willingness to make real estate or long-term contractual commitments and other factors affecting the value of real estate assets, inside and outside the United States;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increases in unemployment and general slowdowns in commercial activity;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   trends in pricing and risk assumption for commercial real estate services;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effect of significant movements in average cap rates across different property types;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a reduction by companies in their reliance on outsourcing for their commercial real estate needs, which would affect our revenues and operating
performance;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   client actions to restrain project spending and reduce outsourced staffing levels;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   declines in lending activity of U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises, regulatory oversight of such activity and our mortgage servicing revenue from
the commercial real estate mortgage market;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to diversify our revenue model to offset cyclical economic trends in the commercial real estate industry;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to attract new user and investor clients;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to retain major clients and renew related contracts;  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to leverage our global services platform to maximize and sustain long-term cash flow;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to maintain EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margins that enable us to continue investing in our platform and client service offerings;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to control costs relative to revenue growth;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   economic volatility and market uncertainty globally related to uncertainty surrounding the implementation and effect of the United Kingdom’s
referendum to leave the European Union, including uncertainty in relation to the legal and regulatory framework that would apply to the United Kingdom and its relationship with the remaining members of the European Union;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   foreign currency fluctuations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to retain and incentivize key personnel;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to compete globally, or in specific geographic markets or business segments that are material to us;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to identify, acquire and integrate synergistic and accretive businesses;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   costs and potential future capital requirements relating to businesses we may acquire;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   integration challenges arising out of companies we may acquire;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the ability of our Global Investment Management business to maintain and grow assets under management and achieve desired investment returns for our
investors, and any potential related litigation, liabilities or reputational harm possible if we fail to do so;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to manage fluctuations in net earnings and cash flow, which could result from poor performance in our investment programs, including our
participation as a principal in real estate investments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our leverage under our debt instruments as well as the limited restrictions therein on our ability to incur additional debt, and the potential
increased borrowing costs to us from a credit-ratings downgrade;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the ability of CBRE Capital Markets to periodically amend, or replace, on satisfactory terms, the agreements for its warehouse lines of credit;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   variations in historically customary seasonal patterns that cause our business not to perform as expected;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   litigation and its financial and reputational risks to us;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our exposure to liabilities in connection with real estate advisory and property management activities and our ability to procure sufficient insurance
coverage on acceptable terms;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   liabilities under guarantees, or for construction defects, that we incur in our Development Services business;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our and our employees’ ability to execute on, and adapt to, information technology strategies and trends;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in domestic and international law and regulatory environments (including relating to anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, trade sanctions,
currency controls and other trade control laws), particularly in Russia, Eastern Europe and the Middle East, due to the rising level of political instability in those regions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to comply with laws and regulations related to our global operations, including real estate licensure, tax, labor and employment laws and
regulations, as well as the anti-corruption laws and trade sanctions of the U.S. and other countries;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to maintain our effective tax rate at or below current levels;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in applicable tax or accounting requirements, including potential tax reform under the current U.S. administration;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effect of implementation of new accounting rules and standards; and  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   the other factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  included under the headings
“Risk Factors”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” or as
described in the other documents and reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.      
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities
laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these and other risks and
uncertainties is contained in our other periodic filings with the SEC.        Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments      
 None.      
 Item 2. Properties      
 We occupied the following offices, excluding affiliates, as of December 31, 2016:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Sales Offices 
   
    
 Corporate Offices 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Americas 
    
   
 198 
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 201 
   
 
   Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) 
    
   
 162 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 163 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 83 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 84 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 443 
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 448 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Some of our offices house
employees from our Global Investment Management and Development Services segments as well as employees from our other business segments. We have provided above office totals by geographic region rather than by business segment in order to avoid
double counting our Global Investment Management and Development Services offices.        In general, these leased offices are fully utilized. The most significant terms of the leasing arrangements for our offices are the length of the lease and the rent. Our leases have terms varying in
duration. The rent payable under our office leases varies significantly from location to location as a result of differences in prevailing commercial real estate rates in different geographic locations. Our management believes that no single office
lease is material to our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we believe there is adequate alternative office space available at acceptable rental rates to meet our needs, although adverse movements in rental rates in
some markets may negatively affect our profits in those markets when we enter into new leases.        We do not own any of these offices.        Item 3. Legal Proceedings      
 We are a party to a number of pending or threatened lawsuits arising out of, or incident to, our ordinary course of business. We believe
that any losses in excess of the amounts accrued therefor as liabilities on our financial statements are unlikely to be significant, but litigation is inherently uncertain and there is the potential for a material adverse effect on our financial
statements if one or more matters are resolved in a particular period in an amount materially in excess of what we anticipated.      
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
     Not applicable.  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
     Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities        Stock Price Information        Our Class A common stock has traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CBG” since June 10, 2004. The applicable high and low prices of our Class A common stock for
the last two fiscal years, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, are set forth below for the periods indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Price Range 
   
 
   Fiscal Year 2016 
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   Quarter ending March 31, 2016 
    
 $ 
 34.46 
   
    
 $ 
 22.74 
   
 
   Quarter ending June 30, 2016 
    
 $ 
 31.31 
   
    
 $ 
 24.49 
   
 
   Quarter ending September 30, 2016 
    
 $ 
 30.39 
   
    
 $ 
 24.11 
   
 
   Quarter ending December 31, 2016 
    
 $ 
 33.21 
   
    
 $ 
 25.40 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal Year 2015 
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   Quarter ending March 31, 2015 
    
 $ 
 38.99 
   
    
 $ 
 31.75 
   
 
   Quarter ending June 30, 2015 
    
 $ 
 39.77 
   
    
 $ 
 36.36 
   
 
   Quarter ending September 30, 2015 
    
 $ 
 38.76 
   
    
 $ 
 30.85 
   
 
   Quarter ending December 31, 2015 
    
 $ 
 38.49 
   
    
 $ 
 31.14 
   
       The closing share price for
our Class A common stock on December 31, 2016, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, was $31.49. As of February 13, 2017, there were 69 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock.  
     Dividend Policy  
     We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on any class
of our common stock since our inception on February 20, 2001, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance future
growth and possibly reduce debt or repurchase common stock. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, acquisition or other opportunities to invest
capital, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors that the board of directors deems relevant. In addition, our ability to declare and pay cash dividends is restricted by the credit agreement governing our revolving credit
facility and senior term loan facilities.        Recent Sales of
Unregistered Securities        None.  
     Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
     None.  
     Stock Performance Graph  
     The following graph shows our cumulative total stockholder
return for the period beginning December 31, 2011 and ending on December 31, 2016. The graph also shows the cumulative total returns of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index, or S&P 500 Index, in which we are included,
and two industry peer groups.        The comparison
below assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2011 in our Class A common stock and in each of the indices shown and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. Our stock price performance shown in the following graph is not necessarily
indicative of future stock price performance.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The new industry peer group is comprised of JLL (formerly Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated),
a global commercial real estate services company publicly traded in the United States, as well as the following companies that have significant commercial real estate or real estate capital markets businesses within the United States or globally,
that in each case are publicly traded in the United States or abroad: BGC Partners (BGCP), which is the publicly traded parent of Newmark Grubb Knight Frank; Colliers International Group Inc. (CIGI); HFF, L.P. (HF); Marcus & Millichap, Inc.
(MMI); Savills plc (SVS.L, traded on the London Stock Exchange) and Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD). These companies are or include divisions with business lines reasonably comparable to some or all of ours, and which represent our current
primary competitors. Our old peer group did not include WD, which was added to our peer group in 2016.      
 


 
      
 
 
 (1) 
 *$100 invested on 12/31/11 in stock or index-including reinvestment o f dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Copyright © 
2017 Standard & Poor’s, a division o f S&P Global. A ll rights reserved.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Old peer group contains companies with the following ticker symbols: BGCP, CIGI, HF, JLL, MMI, and SVS.L (London).  
 
 
 (4) 
 New Peer group contains companies with the following ticker symbols: BGCP, CIGI, HF, JLL, MMI, SVS.L (London), and WD.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  This graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement
incorporating by reference this Form  10-K  into any filing under the Securities Act or under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference therein, and
shall not otherwise be deemed filed under the Securities Act or under the Exchange Act.        Item 6. Selected Financial Data      
 The following table sets forth our selected historical consolidated financial information for each of the five years in the period ended
December 31, 2016. The statement of operations data, the statement of cash flows data and the other data for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 were derived
from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form  10-K.  The statement of operations data, the statement of cash flows data and the other data for the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were derived from our audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this
 Form 10-K.   
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The selected financial data presented below is not necessarily indicative of results of
future operations and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the information included under the headings “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
included elsewhere in this Form  10-K.       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 (1) 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
   


 
   STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 13,071,589 
   
   
 $ 
 10,855,810 
   
   
 $ 
 9,049,918 
   
   
 $ 
 7,184,794 
   
   
 $ 
 6,514,099 
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 815,487 
   
   
   
 835,944 
   
   
   
 792,254 
   
   
   
 616,128 
   
   
   
 585,081 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 8,051 
   
   
   
 6,311 
   
   
   
 6,233 
   
   
   
 6,289 
   
   
   
 7,643 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 144,851 
   
   
   
 118,880 
   
   
   
 112,035 
   
   
   
 135,082 
   
   
   
 175,068 
   
 
   Write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,685 
   
   
   
 23,087 
   
   
   
 56,295 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Income from continuing operations 
    
   
 584,064 
   
   
   
 558,877 
   
   
   
 513,503 
   
   
   
 321,798 
   
   
   
 304,156 
   
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 26,997 
   
   
   
 631 
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 584,064 
   
   
   
 558,877 
   
   
   
 513,503 
   
   
   
 348,795 
   
   
   
 304,787 
   
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
    
   
 12,091 
   
   
   
 11,745 
   
   
   
 29,000 
   
   
   
 32,257 
   
   
   
 (10,768 
 )  
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
   
 571,973 
   
   
   
 547,132 
   
   
   
 484,503 
   
   
   
 316,538 
   
   
   
 315,555 
   
 
   Income Per Share (2): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1.71 
   
   
 $ 
 1.64 
   
   
 $ 
 1.47 
   
   
 $ 
 0.95 
   
   
 $ 
 0.97 
   
 
   Income from discontinued operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1.71 
   
   
 $ 
 1.64 
   
   
 $ 
 1.47 
   
   
 $ 
 0.96 
   
   
 $ 
 0.98 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1.69 
   
   
 $ 
 1.63 
   
   
 $ 
 1.45 
   
   
 $ 
 0.94 
   
   
 $ 
 0.96 
   
 
   Income from discontinued operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
   
   
 0.01 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1.69 
   
   
 $ 
 1.63 
   
   
 $ 
 1.45 
   
   
 $ 
 0.95 
   
   
 $ 
 0.97 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 335,414,831 
   
   
   
 332,616,301 
   
   
   
 330,620,206 
   
   
   
 328,110,004 
   
   
   
 322,315,576 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 338,424,563 
   
   
   
 336,414,856 
   
   
   
 334,171,509 
   
   
   
 331,762,854 
   
   
   
 327,044,145 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS DATA: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 450,315 
   
   
 $ 
 651,897 
   
   
 $ 
 661,780 
   
   
 $ 
 745,108 
   
   
 $ 
 291,081 
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (7,439 
 )  
   
   
 (1,618,959 
 )  
   
   
 (151,556 
 )  
   
   
 (464,994 
 )  
   
   
 (197,671 
 )  
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
    
   
 (199,643 
 )  
   
   
 789,548 
   
   
   
 (232,069 
 )  
   
   
 (866,281 
 )  
   
   
 (100,689 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   OTHER DATA: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   EBITDA (3) 
    
 $ 
 1,372,362 
   
   
 $ 
 1,297,335 
   
   
 $ 
 1,142,252 
   
   
 $ 
 982,883 
   
   
 $ 
 861,621 
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA (3) 
    
 $ 
 1,561,003 
   
   
 $ 
 1,412,724 
   
   
 $ 
 1,166,125 
   
   
 $ 
 1,022,255 
   
   
 $ 
 918,439 
   
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 As of December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
   BALANCE SHEET DATA: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 762,576 
   
    
 $ 
 540,403 
   
    
 $ 
 740,884 
   
    
 $ 
 491,912 
   
    
 $ 
 1,089,297 
   
 
   Total assets (4) 
    
   
 10,779,587 
   
    
   
 11,017,943 
   
    
   
 7,568,010 
   
    
   
 6,998,414 
   
    
   
 7,809,542 
   
 
   Long-term debt, including current portion, net (4) 
    
   
 2,548,137 
   
    
   
 2,679,539 
   
    
   
 1,851,012 
   
    
   
 1,840,680 
   
    
   
 2,427,605 
   
 
   Notes payable on real estate, net (4) 
    
   
 25,969 
   
    
   
 38,258 
   
    
   
 41,445 
   
    
   
 130,472 
   
    
   
 326,012 
   
 
   Total liabilities (4) 
    
   
 7,722,342 
   
    
   
 8,258,873 
   
    
   
 5,266,612 
   
    
   
 5,062,408 
   
    
   
 6,127,730 
   
 
   Total CBRE Group, Inc. stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 3,014,487 
   
    
   
 2,712,652 
   
    
   
 2,259,830 
   
    
   
 1,895,785 
   
    
   
 1,539,211 
   
     
 
 
 Note: 
 We have not declared any cash dividends on common stock for the periods shown.  
   
 
 
 (1) 
 On September 1, 2015, CBRE, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, closed on a Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement with Johnson Controls, Inc. (JCI) to acquire
JCI’s Global Workplace Solutions  (JCI-GWS)  business (which we refer to as the GWS Acquisition). The results for the year ended December 31, 2015 include the operations of  JCI-GWS  from September 1, 2015, the date such business was acquired.  
 
 
 (2) 
 See Income Per Share information in Note 15 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $7.9 million and $5.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
       EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are not
recognized measurements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. When analyzing our operating performance, investors should use these measures in addition to, and not as an alternative for, their most directly
comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. We generally use these  non-GAAP  financial measures to evaluate operating performance and for other discretionary purposes. We
believe these measures provide a more complete understanding of ongoing operations, enhance comparability of current results to prior periods and may be useful for investors to analyze our financial performance because they eliminate the impact of
selected charges that may obscure trends in the underlying performance of our business. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of these measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
       EBITDA represents earnings before net interest
expense,  write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Amounts shown for adjusted EBITDA further remove (from EBITDA) the impact of certain cash and  non-cash  charges related to acquisitions, cost-elimination expenses and certain carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense to align with the timing of associated revenue. We believe that investors
may find these measures useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our industry because their calculations generally eliminate the effects of acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill
and intangibles created from acquisitions, the effects of financings and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending.      
 EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are not intended to be measures of free cash flow for our discretionary use because they do not consider
certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. These measures may also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our debt instruments, which amounts are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash
and  non-cash  charges and are used by us to determine compliance with financial covenants therein and our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt and making certain restricted
payments. We also use adjusted EBITDA as a significant component when measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive compensation programs.  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
   
 $ 
 547,132 
   
    
 $ 
 484,503 
   
    
 $ 
 316,538 
   
    
 $ 
 315,555 
   
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization (i) 
    
   
 366,927 
   
   
   
 314,096 
   
    
   
 265,101 
   
    
   
 191,270 
   
    
   
 170,905 
   
 
   Non-amortizable  intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 98,129 
   
    
   
 19,826 
   
 
   Interest expense (ii) 
    
   
 144,851 
   
   
   
 118,880 
   
    
   
 112,035 
   
    
   
 138,379 
   
    
   
 176,649 
   
 
   Write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,685 
   
    
   
 23,087 
   
    
   
 56,295 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Provision for income taxes (iii) 
    
   
 296,662 
   
   
   
 320,853 
   
    
   
 263,759 
   
    
   
 188,561 
   
    
   
 186,333 
   
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 8,051 
   
   
   
 6,311 
   
    
   
 6,233 
   
    
   
 6,289 
   
    
   
 7,647 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (iv) 
    
   
 1,372,362 
   
   
   
 1,297,335 
   
    
   
 1,142,252 
   
    
   
 982,883 
   
    
   
 861,621 
   
 
   Adjustments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Integration and other costs related to acquisitions 
    
   
 125,743 
   
   
   
 48,865 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 12,591 
   
    
   
 39,240 
   
 
   Cost-elimination expenses 
    
   
 78,456 
   
   
   
 40,439 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 17,621 
   
    
   
 17,578 
   
 
   Carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense to align with the timing of associated revenue 
    
   
 (15,558 
 )  
   
   
 26,085 
   
    
   
 23,873 
   
    
   
 9,160 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA (iv) 
    
 $ 
 1,561,003 
   
   
 $ 
 1,412,724 
   
    
 $ 
 1,166,125 
   
    
 $ 
 1,022,255 
   
    
 $ 
 918,439 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (i) 
 Includes depreciation and amortization related to discontinued operations of $0.9 million and $1.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, respectively.  
 
 
   
 (ii) 
 Includes interest expense related to discontinued operations of $3.3 million and $1.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.  
 
 
   
 (iii) 
 Includes provision for income taxes related to discontinued operations of $1.3 million and $1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.  
 
 
   
 (iv) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $7.9 million and $5.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
 
 
 
 (4) 
 In the third quarter of 2015, we elected to early adopt the provisions of Accounting Standards Update (ASU)  2015-03, 
 “Interest – Imputation of Interest (Subtopic  835-30):  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.”  This ASU required that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability instead of separately being recorded in other assets. As of December 31, 2014, deferred financing costs totaling
$25.6 million were reclassified from other assets and netted against the related debt liabilities to conform with the 2015 presentation. See Deferred Financing Costs discussion within Note 2 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set
forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Amounts for 2012 and 2013 have not been reclassified to conform with the presentation in 2014, 2015 and 2016.  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations        Overview  
     We are the world’s largest
commercial real estate services and investment firm, based on 2016 revenue, with leading full-service operations in major metropolitan areas throughout the world. We provide services in the office, retail, industrial, multifamily and hotel sectors
of commercial real estate. As of December 31, 2016, we operated in approximately 450 offices worldwide with more than 75,000 employees, excluding independent affiliates, providing commercial real estate services under the “CBRE” brand
name, investment management services under the “CBRE Global Investors” brand name and development services under the “Trammell Crow Company” brand name. Our business is focused on commercial property, corporate facilities,
project and transaction management, tenant/occupier and property/agency leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales, commercial mortgage brokerage, loan origination and servicing) real estate investment management, valuation, development
services and proprietary research. We generate revenue from both management fees (large multi-year portfolio and  per-project  contracts) and from commissions on transactions. We have been included in the
 Fortune  500 since 2008 (ranking #259 in 2016) and among the  Fortune  Most Admired Companies in the real estate sector for five consecutive years, including 2017. In 2016, we were ranked by  Forbes  as the 15 th  best employer in America, and the International Association of
Outsourcing Professionals (IAOP) has ranked us among the top few outsourcing service providers across all industries for five consecutive years. Additionally, we were one of only two companies to be ranked in the top 12 in the  Barron’s 
500, which evaluates companies on growth and financial performance, in each of 2014, 2015 and 2016.        Critical Accounting Policies        Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that
affect reported amounts. The estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and on other factors that we believe to be reasonable. Actual results may differ from those estimates. We believe that the following critical accounting
policies represent the areas where more significant judgments and estimates are used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.      
 Revenue Recognition      
 In order for us to recognize revenue, four basic criteria must be met:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   existence of persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   delivery has occurred or services have been rendered;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the seller’s price to the buyer is fixed and determinable; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   collectability is reasonably assured.      
 Our revenue recognition policies are consistent with these criteria. The judgments involved in revenue recognition include understanding
the complex terms of agreements and determining the appropriate time and method to recognize revenue for each transaction based on such terms. Each transaction is evaluated to determine: (i) at what point in time or over what period of time
revenue is earned; (ii) whether contingencies exist that impact the timing of recognition of revenue; and (iii) how and when such contingencies will be resolved. The timing of revenue recognition could vary if different judgments were
made. Our revenues subject to the most judgment are brokerage commission revenue and incentive-based management and development fees. For a detailed discussion of our revenue recognition policies, see the Revenue Recognition section within Note 2 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  or this Annual Report.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In establishing the appropriate provisions for trade receivables, we make assumptions with
respect to future collectability. Our assumptions are based on an assessment of a customer’s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends, including the aging of receivables balances. In addition to these assessments, in general,
outstanding trade accounts receivable amounts that are more than 180 days overdue are evaluated for collectability and fully provided for if deemed uncollectible. Historically, our credit losses have generally been insignificant. However, estimating
losses requires significant judgment, and conditions may change or new information may become known after any periodic evaluation. As a result, actual credit losses may differ from our estimates.  
     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
       Our acquisitions require the application
of purchase accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair value. The difference between the purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded
as goodwill. In determining the fair values of assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, we use a variety of valuation methods including present value, depreciated replacement cost, market values (where available) and selling prices
less costs to dispose. We are responsible for determining the valuation of assets and liabilities and for the allocation of purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.        Assumptions must often be made in determining fair values, particularly where observable market values do not
exist. Assumptions may include discount rates, growth rates, cost of capital, royalty rates, tax rates and remaining useful lives. These assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of identifiable assets and accordingly can impact the
value of goodwill recorded. Different assumptions could result in different values being attributed to assets and liabilities. Since these values impact the amount of annual depreciation and amortization expense, different assumptions could also
impact our statement of operations and could impact the results of future asset impairment reviews.        We are required to test goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually or more often if circumstances or events indicate a change in the
impairment status. The goodwill impairment analysis is a  two-step  process. The first step used to identify potential impairment involves comparing each reporting unit’s estimated fair value to its
carrying value, including goodwill. We use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. Management judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow model. These assumptions include
revenue growth rates, profit margin percentages, discount rates, etc. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered to not be impaired. If the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, there is
an indication of potential impairment and the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment. The second step of the process involves the calculation of an implied fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit for which step one
indicated impairment. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined by measuring the excess of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one, over the estimated fair values of the individual assets, liabilities and
identifiable intangibles as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. Due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business’s fair value and the relative size of our goodwill, if different assumptions and
estimates were used, it could have an adverse effect on our impairment analysis.        For additional information on goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing, see Notes 2 and 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
     Income Taxes  
     Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability
method in accordance with the “ Accounting for Income Taxes ,” Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, (Topic 740).   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on temporary  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured by applying
enacted tax rates and laws and are released in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period
that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.  
     Accounting for tax positions requires judgments, including
estimating reserves for potential uncertainties. We also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. We do not record
valuation allowances for deferred tax assets that we believe will be realized in future periods. While we believe the resulting tax balances as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with Topic 740, as
applicable, the ultimate outcome of such matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material.        Our foreign subsidiaries have accumulated $1.9 billion of undistributed earnings for which we have not
recorded a deferred tax liability. Although tax liabilities might result from dividends being paid out of these earnings, or as a result of a sale or liquidation of  non-U.S.  subsidiaries, these earnings are
permanently reinvested outside of the United States and we do not have any plans to repatriate them or to sell or liquidate any of our  non-U.S.  subsidiaries. To the extent that we are able to repatriate
earnings in a tax efficient manner, we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds, net of foreign tax credits. Determining our tax liability upon repatriation is not practicable. Cash and cash equivalents owned by  non-U.S.  subsidiaries totaled $408.9 million at December 31, 2016.      
 See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information regarding
income taxes.        New Accounting Pronouncements  
     See New Accounting Pronouncements section within Note 2 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.        Seasonality        A significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which an investor should keep in mind when comparing our financial condition and results of operations on a  quarter-by-quarter  basis. Historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tend to be lowest in the first quarter, and highest in the fourth quarter of each
year. Revenue, earnings and cash flow have generally been concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to  year-end.   
     Inflation        Our commissions and other variable costs related to revenue are primarily affected by commercial real estate
market supply and demand, which may be affected by inflation. However, to date, we do not believe that general inflation has had a material impact upon our operations.  
     Items Affecting Comparability  
     When you read our financial statements and the information
included in this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  you should consider that we have experienced, and continue to experience, several material trends and uncertainties that have affected our financial condition and
results of operations that make it challenging to predict our future performance based on our historical results. We believe that the following material trends and uncertainties are crucial to an understanding of the variability in our historical
earnings and cash flows and the potential for continued variability in the future.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Macroeconomic Conditions  
     Economic trends and government policies affect global and
regional commercial real estate markets as well as our operations directly. These include: overall economic activity and employment growth; interest rate levels and changes in interest rates; the cost and availability of credit; and the impact of
tax and regulatory policies. Periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, decreasing demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the
global capital or credit markets, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, will negatively affect the performance of our business.      
 Compensation is our largest expense and the sales and leasing professionals in our advisory services business generally are paid on a
commission and/or bonus basis that correlates with their revenue production. As a result, the negative effect of difficult market conditions on our operating margins is partially mitigated by the inherent variability of our compensation cost
structure. In addition, when negative economic conditions have been particularly severe, we have moved decisively to lower operating expenses to improve financial performance, and then have restored certain expenses as economic conditions improved.
Nevertheless, adverse global and regional economic trends could pose significant risks to the performance of our operations and our financial condition.      
 Commercial real estate markets have recovered over the past several years, along with the steady improvement in global economic activity,
most particularly in the United States. Since 2010, U.S. leasing markets have been marked by increased demand for space, falling vacancies and higher rents. During this time, healthy U.S. property sales activity has been sustained by gradually
improving market fundamentals,  low-cost  credit availability and increased global and domestic capital flows. Property sales volumes slowed in 2016 following several years of strong growth; however, the market
remained active. Commercial mortgage services activity rose in 2016 driven by lower interest rates and a favorable lending environment. Lending for multi-family properties in the United States was particularly robust, reflecting strong activity with
U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) as well as a long-term trend of increased renting versus home ownership in the United States.      
 European economies began to emerge from recession in 2013, with most countries returning to positive, albeit modest, economic growth.
Sales and leasing activity in Europe has improved across most of Europe for much of the past two years. An exception is London, where uncertainty in advance of and following the United Kingdom’s referendum to leave the European Union,
commonly referred to as “Brexit,” constrained occupier and investor activity in 2016.        In Asia Pacific, the performance of real estate leasing and investment markets has varied from country to country amid slowing economic growth. Leasing and investment market activity was generally soft
for much of 2016, but picked up noticeably in the fourth quarter. However, local capital from the Asia-Pacific region continues to migrate to other parts of the world.  
     Real estate investment management and property development
markets have been generally favorable with abundant debt and equity capital flows into commercial real estate. Real estate equity securities markets weakened in the fourth quarter of 2016 amid concerns about potentially higher interest rates.
       The performance of our global real estate
services and real estate investment businesses depends on sustained economic growth and job creation; stable, healthy global credit markets; and continued positive business and investor sentiment.  
     Effects of Acquisitions  
     We historically have made significant use of strategic
acquisitions to add new service competencies, to increase our scale within existing competencies and to expand our presence in various geographic regions around  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the world. On September   1, 2015, CBRE, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to a Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement with Johnson Controls, Inc. (JCI), acquired JCI’s Global
Workplace Solutions  (JCI-GWS)  business (which we refer to as the GWS Acquisition). The acquired  JCI-GWS  business was a market-leading provider of integrated facilities
management solutions for major occupiers of commercial real estate and had significant operations around the world. The purchase price was $1.475 billion, paid in cash, plus adjustments totaling $46.5 million for working capital and other
items. We completed the GWS Acquisition in order to advance our strategy of delivering globally integrated services to major occupiers in our Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific segments. We merged the acquired
 JCI-GWS  business with our existing occupier outsourcing business line, and the new combined business adopted the “Global Workplace Solutions” name.  
     Strategic  in-fill 
acquisitions have also played a key role in expanding our geographic coverage and broadening and strengthening our service offerings. The companies we acquired have generally been regional or specialty firms that complement our existing platform, or
independent affiliates in which, in some cases, we held a small equity interest. In early 2017, we acquired a leading Software as a Service (SaaS) platform that produces scalable interactive visualization technologies for commercial real estate and
a national boutique commercial real estate finance and consulting firm in the United States. During 2016, we acquired our independent affiliate in Norway, a London-based retail property advisor specializing in the luxury goods retail sector and a
leading provider of retail project management, shopping center development and tenant coordination services in the United States. We also made an equity investment in a property services firm in Malaysia, acquiring a 49% interest. During 2015, we
completed eight  in-fill  acquisitions, including a Seattle-based leader in capital markets services for affordable housing, a Texas-based commercial real estate firm specializing in retail services, an energy
management specialist based in Brookfield, Wisconsin, a Chicago-based location data analytics firm, one of the leading retail real estate services firms in the Midwestern United States, an advisory, consulting and research firm specializing in the
Canadian hospitality and tourism industries and our former independent affiliate companies in Columbia, South Carolina, and Memphis, Tennessee.      
 We believe that strategic acquisitions can significantly decrease the cost, time and commitment of management resources necessary to
attain a meaningful competitive position within targeted markets or to expand our presence within our current markets. In general, however, most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on our operating and net income as a result of
transaction-related expenditures. These include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others, and the charges and costs of integrating the acquired business and its financial and accounting systems into our
own.        Our acquisition structures often include
deferred and/or contingent purchase price payments in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics and other conditions. As of December 31, 2016, we have accrued deferred consideration
totaling $91.0 million, which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
     International Operations  
     We are monitoring the economic and political developments
related to Brexit and the potential impact on our businesses in the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe, including, in particular, sales and leasing activity in the United Kingdom, as well as any associated currency volatility impact on our
results of operations.        As we continue to increase
our international operations through either acquisitions or organic growth, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results. Our Global Investment Management business has a significant amount of euro-denominated assets under management, or AUM, as well as associated revenue and earnings in Europe. In addition, our Global Workplace Solutions business
also has a significant amount of its revenue and earnings denominated in foreign currencies, such as the euro and the British pound sterling, which has significantly declined in value as compared to the U.S. dollar and other currencies as a
 
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
result of Brexit. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have resulted and may continue to result in corresponding fluctuations in our AUM, revenue and earnings.  
     During the year ended December 31, 2016, approximately
47% of our business was transacted in  non-U.S.  dollar currencies, the majority of which included the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Danish krone,
euro, Hong Kong dollar, Indian rupee, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Polish zloty, Singapore dollar, Swedish krona, Swiss franc and Thai baht. The following table sets forth our revenue derived from our most significant currencies (U.S. dollars in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
     
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   United States dollar 
    
 $ 
 6,917,221 
   
    
   
 52.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 5,991,826 
   
    
   
 55.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 5,027,479 
   
    
   
 55.6 
 %  
 
   British pound sterling 
    
   
 2,008,776 
   
    
   
 15.4 
 %  
   
   
 1,861,199 
   
    
   
 17.1 
 %  
   
   
 1,632,127 
   
    
   
 18.0 
 %  
 
   euro 
    
   
 1,541,461 
   
    
   
 11.8 
 %  
   
   
 1,071,666 
   
    
   
 9.9 
 %  
   
   
 773,753 
   
    
   
 8.5 
 %  
 
   Australian dollar 
    
   
 367,578 
   
    
   
 2.8 
 %  
   
   
 360,284 
   
    
   
 3.3 
 %  
   
   
 359,660 
   
    
   
 4.0 
 %  
 
   Canadian dollar 
    
   
 310,062 
   
    
   
 2.4 
 %  
   
   
 291,273 
   
    
   
 2.7 
 %  
   
   
 319,670 
   
    
   
 3.5 
 %  
 
   Indian rupee 
    
   
 244,087 
   
    
   
 1.9 
 %  
   
   
 171,678 
   
    
   
 1.6 
 %  
   
   
 135,139 
   
    
   
 1.5 
 %  
 
   Japanese yen 
    
   
 212,854 
   
    
   
 1.6 
 %  
   
   
 155,842 
   
    
   
 1.4 
 %  
   
   
 168,574 
   
    
   
 1.9 
 %  
 
   Chinese yuan 
    
   
 207,773 
   
    
   
 1.6 
 %  
   
   
 152,771 
   
    
   
 1.4 
 %  
   
   
 101,790 
   
    
   
 1.1 
 %  
 
   Singapore dollar 
    
   
 173,967 
   
    
   
 1.3 
 %  
   
   
 105,336 
   
    
   
 1.0 
 %  
   
   
 89,343 
   
    
   
 1.0 
 %  
 
   Swiss franc 
    
   
 145,000 
   
    
   
 1.2 
 %  
   
   
 70,415 
   
    
   
 0.7 
 %  
   
   
 22,494 
   
    
   
 0.2 
 %  
 
   Hong Kong dollar 
    
   
 106,869 
   
    
   
 0.8 
 %  
   
   
 85,052 
   
    
   
 0.8 
 %  
   
   
 60,186 
   
    
   
 0.7 
 %  
 
   Mexican peso 
    
   
 84,688 
   
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 68,429 
   
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 39,371 
   
    
   
 0.4 
 %  
 
   Brazilian real 
    
   
 83,738 
   
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 65,844 
   
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 77,305 
   
    
   
 0.9 
 %  
 
   Polish zloty 
    
   
 69,949 
   
    
   
 0.5 
 %  
   
   
 49,998 
   
    
   
 0.5 
 %  
   
   
 28,936 
   
    
   
 0.3 
 %  
 
   Danish krone 
    
   
 68,639 
   
    
   
 0.5 
 %  
   
   
 25,673 
   
    
   
 0.2 
 %  
   
   
 11,076 
   
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
 
   Swedish krona 
    
   
 59,603 
   
    
   
 0.5 
 %  
   
   
 32,414 
   
    
   
 0.3 
 %  
   
   
 21,692 
   
    
   
 0.2 
 %  
 
   Thai baht 
    
   
 46,844 
   
    
   
 0.4 
 %  
   
   
 35,456 
   
    
   
 0.3 
 %  
   
   
 13,442 
   
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
 
   Other currencies 
    
   
 422,480 
   
    
   
 3.2 
 %  
   
   
 260,654 
   
    
   
 2.4 
 %  
   
   
 167,881 
   
    
   
 2.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
 $ 
 13,071,589 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 10,855,810 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 9,049,918 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Although we operate globally,
we report our results in U.S. dollars. As a result, the strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar may positively or negatively impact our reported results. For example, we estimate that had the British pound  sterling-to-U.S.  dollar exchange rates been 10% higher during the year ended December 31, 2016, the net impact would have been an increase in  pre-tax  income of
$4.9 million. Had the  euro-to-U.S.  dollar exchange rates been 10% higher during the year ended December 31, 2016, the net impact would have been an increase in
 pre-tax  income of $3.7 million. These hypothetical calculations estimate the impact of translating results into U.S. dollars and do not include an estimate of the impact that a 10% change in the U.S.
dollar against other currencies would have had on our foreign operations.        We enter into derivative financial instruments to attempt to protect the value or fix the amount of certain obligations in terms of our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. In March 2014, we began a
foreign currency exchange forward hedging program (which expired in December 2016) by entering into foreign currency exchange forward contracts, including agreements to buy U.S. dollars and sell Australian dollars, British pound sterling, Canadian
dollars, euros and Japanese yen. The purpose of these forward contracts was to attempt to mitigate the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that would adversely impact some of our foreign currency denominated EBITDA. Hedge
accounting was not elected for any of these contracts. As such, changes in the fair values of these contracts were recorded directly in earnings. Included in the consolidated statement of operations set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report were net
gains of $7.7 million , $24.2 million and $5.3 million from foreign currency exchange forward contracts for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of December 31, 2016, we had no foreign currency
exchange forward contracts outstanding as the program has been terminated. We do not intend to hedge our foreign currency denominated EBITDA in 2017.  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility
of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to perform  period-to-period  comparisons of our reported results of operations. Our international operations also are subject to, among other things, political instability and changing
regulatory environments, which affects the currency markets and which as a result may adversely affect our future financial condition and results of operations. We routinely monitor these risks and related costs and evaluate the appropriate amount
of oversight to allocate towards business activities in foreign countries where such risks and costs are particularly significant.      
 Results of Operations      
 The following table sets forth items derived from our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fee revenue 
    
 $ 
 8,717,126 
   
    
   
 66.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 7,730,337 
   
   
   
 71.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 6,791,292 
   
    
   
 75.0 
 %  
 
   Pass through costs also recognized as revenue 
    
   
 4,354,463 
   
    
   
 33.3 
 %  
   
   
 3,125,473 
   
   
   
 28.8 
 %  
   
   
 2,258,626 
   
    
   
 25.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
   
 13,071,589 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 10,855,810 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 9,049,918 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 9,123,727 
   
    
   
 69.8 
 %  
   
   
 7,082,932 
   
   
   
 65.2 
 %  
   
   
 5,611,262 
   
    
   
 62.0 
 %  
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 2,781,310 
   
    
   
 21.3 
 %  
   
   
 2,633,609 
   
   
   
 24.3 
 %  
   
   
 2,438,960 
   
    
   
 27.0 
 %  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 366,927 
   
    
   
 2.8 
 %  
   
   
 314,096 
   
   
   
 2.9 
 %  
   
   
 265,101 
   
    
   
 2.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
    
   
 12,271,964 
   
    
   
 93.9 
 %  
   
   
 10,030,637 
   
   
   
 92.4 
 %  
   
   
 8,315,323 
   
    
   
 91.9 
 %  
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 15,862 
   
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 10,771 
   
   
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 57,659 
   
    
   
 0.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 815,487 
   
    
   
 6.2 
 %  
   
   
 835,944 
   
   
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 792,254 
   
    
   
 8.8 
 %  
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 197,351 
   
    
   
 1.5 
 %  
   
   
 162,849 
   
   
   
 1.5 
 %  
   
   
 101,714 
   
    
   
 1.1 
 %  
 
   Other income (loss) 
    
   
 4,688 
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,809 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 12,183 
   
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 8,051 
   
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 6,311 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,233 
   
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 144,851 
   
    
   
 1.1 
 %  
   
   
 118,880 
   
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
   
   
 112,035 
   
    
   
 1.2 
 %  
 
   Write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,685 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 23,087 
   
    
   
 0.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 880,726 
   
    
   
 6.7 
 %  
   
   
 879,730 
   
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
   
   
 777,262 
   
    
   
 8.6 
 %  
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 296,662 
   
    
   
 2.2 
 %  
   
   
 320,853 
   
   
   
 3.0 
 %  
   
   
 263,759 
   
    
   
 2.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 584,064 
   
    
   
 4.5 
 %  
   
   
 558,877 
   
   
   
 5.1 
 %  
   
   
 513,503 
   
    
   
 5.7 
 %  
 
   Less: Net income attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
    
   
 12,091 
   
    
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 11,745 
   
   
   
 0.1 
 %  
   
   
 29,000 
   
    
   
 0.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
    
   
 4.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 547,132 
   
   
   
 5.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 484,503 
   
    
   
 5.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 1,372,362 
   
    
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,297,335 
   
   
   
 12.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,142,252 
   
    
   
 12.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 1,561,003 
   
    
   
 11.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,412,724 
   
   
   
 13.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,166,125 
   
    
   
 12.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Fee revenue, EBITDA and
adjusted EBITDA are not recognized measurements under GAAP. When analyzing our operating performance, investors should use these measures in addition to, and not as an alternative for, their most directly comparable financial measure calculated and
presented in accordance with GAAP. We  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
generally use these  non-GAAP  financial measures to evaluate operating performance and for other discretionary purposes. We believe these measures provide a
more complete understanding of ongoing operations, enhance comparability of current results to prior periods and may be useful for investors to analyze our financial performance because they eliminate the impact of selected charges that may obscure
trends in the underlying performance of our business. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of fee revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
       Fee revenue is gross revenue less both client
reimbursed costs largely associated with employees that are dedicated to client facilities and subcontracted vendor work performed for clients. We believe that investors may find this measure useful to analyze the company’s overall financial
performance because it excludes costs reimbursable by clients, and as such provides greater visibility into the underlying performance of our business.      
 EBITDA represents earnings before net interest expense,  write-off  of financing costs on
extinguished debt, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Amounts shown for adjusted EBITDA further remove (from EBITDA) the impact of certain cash and  non-cash  charges related to acquisitions,
cost-elimination expenses and certain carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense to align with the timing of associated revenue. We believe that investors may find these measures useful in evaluating our operating performance
compared to that of other companies in our industry because their calculations generally eliminate the effects of acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill and intangibles created from acquisitions, the effects of financings
and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending.        EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are not intended to be measures of free cash flow for our discretionary use because they do not consider certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. These
measures may also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our debt instruments, which amounts are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash and  non-cash  charges and are
used by us to determine compliance with financial covenants therein and our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt and making certain restricted payments. We also use adjusted EBITDA as a significant component
when measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive compensation programs.        EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
    
 $ 
 547,132 
   
    
 $ 
 484,503 
   
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 366,927 
   
    
   
 314,096 
   
    
   
 265,101 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 144,851 
   
    
   
 118,880 
   
    
   
 112,035 
   
 
   Write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,685 
   
    
   
 23,087 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 296,662 
   
    
   
 320,853 
   
    
   
 263,759 
   
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 8,051 
   
    
   
 6,311 
   
    
   
 6,233 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
   
 1,372,362 
   
    
   
 1,297,335 
   
    
   
 1,142,252 
   
 
   Adjustments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Integration and other costs related to acquisitions 
    
   
 125,743 
   
    
   
 48,865 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Cost-elimination expenses (1) 
    
   
 78,456 
   
    
   
 40,439 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense to align with the timing of associated revenue 
    
   
 (15,558 
 )  
    
   
 26,085 
   
    
   
 23,873 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 1,561,003 
   
    
 $ 
 1,412,724 
   
    
 $ 
 1,166,125 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
   Represents cost-elimination expenses relating to a program initiated in the fourth quarter of 2015 and completed in the third quarter of 2016 (our
cost-elimination project) to reduce the company’s global  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
cost structure after several years of significant revenue and related cost growth. Cost-elimination expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 consisted of $73.6 million
of severance costs related to headcount reductions in connection with the program and $4.9 million of third-party contract termination costs. Cost-elimination expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2015 consisted of
$32.6 million of severance costs related to headcount reductions in connection with the program and $7.8 million of third-party contract termination costs. The total amount for each period does have a cash impact.
       Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared
to Year Ended December 31, 2015        We
reported consolidated net income of $572.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 on revenue of $13.1 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $547.1 million on revenue of $10.9 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2015.        Our revenue on a
consolidated basis for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased by $2.2 billion, or 20.4%, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. This increase was largely due to contributions from the GWS Acquisition, which added
$1.8 billion of revenue, with a full year of activity reflected in the current year versus only four months of activity in 2015. Additionally, the revenue increase reflects strong organic growth, fueled by higher occupier outsourcing revenue
(excluding the impact of the GWS Acquisition, up 14.0%), as well as increased leasing (up 6.7%), commercial mortgage brokerage (up 19.1%) and sales (up 1.4%) activity. These increases were partially offset by lower carried interest revenue in the
current year as well as foreign currency translation, which had a $277.8 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016 versus the same period in 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the British pound
sterling.        Our cost of services on a consolidated
basis increased by $2.0 billion, or 28.8%, during the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to same period in 2015. This increase was primarily due to higher costs associated with our occupier outsourcing business, particularly due to
the GWS Acquisition. In addition, our sales professionals generally are paid on a commission basis, which substantially correlates with our transaction revenue performance. Accordingly, the increase in sales and lease transaction revenue led to a
corresponding increase in commission expense. We also incurred $18.9 million of additional costs in 2016 versus 2015 in connection with our cost-elimination project that began in the fourth quarter of 2015 and ended in the third quarter of 2016
to enhance margins and reduce our global cost structure going forward (the expenses of which primarily consisted of severance costs related to headcount reductions and third-party contract termination costs). These increases were partially offset by
foreign currency translation, which had a $205.5 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2016. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased from 65.2% for the year ended December 31,
2015 to 69.8% for the year ended December 31, 2016, largely due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the acquired  JCI-GWS  business, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was
62.5% for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to 64.0% for the year ended December 31, 2016. This increase was partly driven by the aforementioned increase in costs incurred in connection with our cost-elimination project in 2016
and lower  non-commissionable  revenue in the current year. In addition, outsourcing revenue (excluding the impact of the GWS Acquisition), which has a lower margin than sales and lease transaction revenue, was
a lower percentage of revenue in 2015 than in 2016.      
 Our operating, administrative and other expenses on a consolidated basis increased by $147.7 million, or 5.6%, during the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase was mostly driven by costs associated with the GWS Acquisition. Also contributing to the variance were higher worldwide payroll-related costs (particularly
bonuses largely attributable to improved results, most notably in our Development Services segment). Lastly, we incurred an additional $19.1 million of costs in 2016 versus 2015 in connection with our cost-elimination project. These items were
partly offset by lower carried interest expense as well as foreign currency, which had a net $46.2 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2016, including $10.9 million of unfavorable
foreign currency transaction activity over the same period last year, much of which related to hedging activities, that was more than offset by a $57.1 million positive impact from foreign currency translation. Operating expenses as a
percentage of revenue  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
decreased from 24.3% for the year ended December 31, 2015 to 21.3% for the year ended December 31, 2016, primarily due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the
acquired  JCI-GWS  business, operating expenses as a percentage of revenue was 25.7% for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to 24.7% for the same period in 2016, partly driven by the lower carried
interest expense in the current year.        Our
depreciation and amortization expense on a consolidated basis increased by $52.8 million, or 16.8%, during the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to higher
amortization expense related to intangibles acquired in the GWS Acquisition, with a full year of amortization reflected in the current year versus only four months of amortization in 2015. A rise in depreciation expense during the year ended
December 31, 2016 driven by technology-related capital expenditures also contributed to the increase.      
 Our equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis increased by $34.5 million, or 21.2%, for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily driven by higher equity earnings associated with gains on property sales reported in our Development Services segment.        Our consolidated interest expense increased by $26.0 million, or 21.8%, for the year ended
December 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. This increase was primarily driven by interest expense in the current year associated with $600.0 million of 4.875% senior notes issued in August 2015 as well as
higher interest expense associated with borrowings under our amended and restated credit agreement dated January 9, 2015 (2015 Credit Agreement) due to an increase in interest rates.        Our  write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt on a consolidated
basis was $2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. These costs included the  write-off  of $1.7 million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with our prior credit agreement
dated March 28, 2013, as amended (2013 Credit Agreement), and $1.0 million of fees incurred in connection with our 2015 Credit Agreement.      
 Our provision for income taxes on a consolidated basis was $296.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to
$320.9 million for the same period in 2015. Our effective tax rate, after adjusting  pre-tax  income to remove the portion attributable to  non-controlling 
interests, decreased to 34.1% for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to 37.0% for the year ended December 31, 2015. We experienced a favorable change in earnings mix in the current year, with 60% of our earnings, after removing
the portion attributable to  non-controlling  interests, from the United States for 2016 versus 68% for 2015. In addition, we realized certain discrete tax benefits in the current year that were not applicable
in 2015. These items were offset, in part, by higher losses sustained in the current year in jurisdictions where no tax benefit could be provided.     
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014        We reported consolidated net income of $547.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 on revenue
of $10.9 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $484.5 million on revenue of $9.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2014.      
 Our revenue on a consolidated basis for the year ended December 31, 2015 increased by $1.8 billion, or 20.0%, as compared to the
year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was in part due to contributions from the GWS Acquisition from September 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015. Additionally, the revenue increase also reflects strong organic growth, fueled by
higher occupier outsourcing revenue (excluding the impact of the GWS Acquisition, up 15.4%) and property management fees (up 17.5%), as well as increased sales (up 17.9%) and leasing (up 11.5%) activity. An increase in global appraisal revenue (up
18.6%) and commercial mortgage brokerage activity in our Americas segment (up 28.5%) also contributed to the positive variance. Foreign currency translation had a $536.4 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended
December 31, 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, euro and Japanese yen during the year ended December 31, 2015 versus the year ended December 31, 2014.
 
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our cost of services on a consolidated basis increased by $1.5 billion, or 26.2%,
during the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily due to higher costs associated with our occupier outsourcing and property management businesses, particularly due to the
GWS Acquisition. In addition, as previously mentioned, our sales professionals generally are paid on a commission basis, which substantially correlates with our transaction revenue performance. Accordingly, the increase in sales and lease
transaction revenue led to a corresponding increase in commission expense. Lastly, we incurred $18.3 million of costs in connection with our cost-elimination project. These increases were partially offset by foreign currency translation, which
had a $318.4 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2015. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased from 62.0% for the year ended December 31, 2014 to 65.2% for the year ended
December 31, 2015, largely due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the acquired  JCI-GWS  business, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 62.0% for the year ended
December 31, 2014, compared to 62.5% for the year ended December 31, 2015.        Our operating, administrative and other expenses on a consolidated basis increased by $194.6 million, or 8.0%, during the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2014. The increase was partly driven by costs associated with the GWS Acquisition. Also contributing to the variance were higher worldwide payroll-related costs (including bonuses) attributable to increased headcount and improved
results as well as higher consulting, marketing and travel costs. Lastly, we incurred $22.1 million of costs in connection with our cost-elimination project. These increases were partially mitigated by an $8.6 million asset impairment
charge incurred in our Americas segment during the year ended December 31, 2014, which did not recur during the year ended December 31, 2015, and foreign currency movement. Foreign currency translation had a $162.3 million positive
impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2015 and there was an improvement of $20.7 million in foreign currency transaction activity over the year ended December 31, 2014, much of which related to hedging
activities. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased from 27.0% for the year ended December 31, 2014 to 24.3% for the year ended December 31, 2015, partially due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the
acquired  JCI-GWS  business, operating expenses as a percentage of revenue was 27.0% for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 25.7% for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     Our depreciation and amortization expense on a consolidated
basis increased by $49.0 million, or 18.5%, during the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily attributable to higher amortization expense relative to intangibles
acquired in the GWS Acquisition as well as increased amortization expense associated with mortgage servicing rights. A rise in depreciation expense during the year ended December 31, 2015 driven by technology-related capital expenditures also
contributed to the increase.        Our gain on
disposition of real estate on a consolidated basis was $10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to $57.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. These gains resulted from activity within our Global
Investment Management and Development Services segments.        Our equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis increased by $61.1 million, or 60.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2014, primarily driven by higher equity earnings associated with gains on property sales reported in our Development Services segment.      
 Our consolidated interest expense increased by $6.8 million, or 6.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the
year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily driven by higher interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2015 associated with $600.0 million of 4.875% senior notes issued in August 2015 as well as the 5.25%
senior notes issued in September 2014 and December 2014 of $300.0 million and $125.0 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by lower interest expense associated with $350.0 million of 6.625% senior notes, which
were redeemed in full in October 2014, as well as lower interest expense due to a decrease in notes payable on real estate during the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our  write-off  of financing costs on extinguished
debt on a consolidated basis was $2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to $23.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2015 included the  write-off  of $1.7 million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with our 2013 Credit Agreement, and $1.0 million of fees incurred in connection with our 2015 Credit Agreement. The costs
incurred during the year ended December 31, 2014 primarily related to costs associated with the redemption in full of our 6.625% senior notes, including a $17.4 million early extinguishment premium and the
 write-off  of $5.7 million of previously deferred financing costs. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report for more information on such
credit agreements.        Our provision for income taxes
on a consolidated basis was $320.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to $263.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was driven by the significant growth in
 pre-tax  income during the year ended December 31, 2015. Our effective tax rate, after adjusting  pre-tax  income to remove the portion attributable to  non-controlling  interests, increased to 37.0% for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to 35.3% for the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was largely due to the reversal of accrued taxes,
interest and penalties related to settled positions, which had a favorable impact on the 2014 effective tax rate and did not recur in 2015.      
 Segment Operations      
 We report our operations through the following segments: (1) Americas, (2) EMEA, (3) Asia Pacific, (4) Global Investment
Management, and (5) Development Services. The Americas consists of operations located in the United States, Canada and key markets in Latin America. EMEA mainly consists of operations in Europe, while Asia Pacific includes operations in Asia,
Australia and New Zealand. The Global Investment Management business consists of investment management operations in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. The Development Services business consists of real estate development and investment
activities primarily in the United States.  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table summarizes our results of operations by our Americas, EMEA, Asia
Pacific, Global Investment Management and Development Services operating segments for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 (1) 
   
   
 2014 (1) 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fee revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,093,531 
   
   
   
 70.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 4,499,127 
   
   
   
 72.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 3,830,475 
   
   
   
 73.6 
 %  
 
   Pass through costs also recognized as revenue 
    
   
 2,132,935 
   
   
   
 29.5 
 %  
   
   
 1,690,786 
   
   
   
 27.3 
 %  
   
   
 1,373,291 
   
   
   
 26.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
   
 7,226,466 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 6,189,913 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 5,203,766 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 5,034,497 
   
   
   
 69.7 
 %  
   
   
 4,116,257 
   
   
   
 66.5 
 %  
   
   
 3,398,443 
   
   
   
 65.3 
 %  
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 1,353,830 
   
   
   
 18.7 
 %  
   
   
 1,274,948 
   
   
   
 20.6 
 %  
   
   
 1,119,118 
   
   
   
 21.5 
 %  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 254,105 
   
   
   
 3.5 
 %  
   
   
 198,908 
   
   
   
 3.2 
 %  
   
   
 149,214 
   
   
   
 2.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 584,034 
   
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 599,800 
   
   
   
 9.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 536,991 
   
   
   
 10.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 855,941 
   
   
   
 11.8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 818,732 
   
   
   
 13.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 717,532 
   
   
   
 13.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 949,590 
   
   
   
 13.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 859,478 
   
   
   
 13.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 717,532 
   
   
   
 13.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EMEA 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fee revenue 
    
 $ 
 2,190,734 
   
   
   
 55.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,878,726 
   
   
   
 62.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,645,768 
   
   
   
 70.2 
 %  
 
   Pass through costs also recognized as revenue 
    
   
 1,727,205 
   
   
   
 44.1 
 %  
   
   
 1,125,758 
   
   
   
 37.5 
 %  
   
   
 698,484 
   
   
   
 29.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
   
 3,917,939 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 3,004,484 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 2,344,252 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 3,027,351 
   
   
   
 77.3 
 %  
   
   
 2,205,550 
   
   
   
 73.4 
 %  
   
   
 1,605,859 
   
   
   
 68.5 
 %  
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 691,878 
   
   
   
 17.7 
 %  
   
   
 618,271 
   
   
   
 20.6 
 %  
   
   
 578,070 
   
   
   
 24.7 
 %  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 66,639 
   
   
   
 1.6 
 %  
   
   
 68,370 
   
   
   
 2.3 
 %  
   
   
 64,628 
   
   
   
 2.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 132,071 
   
   
   
 3.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 112,293 
   
   
   
 3.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 95,695 
   
   
   
 4.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 200,073 
   
   
   
 5.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 182,974 
   
   
   
 6.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 162,536 
   
   
   
 6.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 273,565 
   
   
   
 7.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 211,856 
   
   
   
 7.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 162,536 
   
   
   
 6.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fee revenue 
    
 $ 
 991,647 
   
   
   
 66.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 826,141 
   
   
   
 72.8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 780,926 
   
   
   
 80.7 
 %  
 
   Pass through costs also recognized as revenue 
    
   
 494,323 
   
   
   
 33.3 
 %  
   
   
 308,929 
   
   
   
 27.2 
 %  
   
   
 186,851 
   
   
   
 19.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
   
 1,485,970 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 1,135,070 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 967,777 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 1,061,879 
   
   
   
 71.5 
 %  
   
   
 761,125 
   
   
   
 67.1 
 %  
   
   
 606,960 
   
   
   
 62.7 
 %  
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 299,249 
   
   
   
 20.1 
 %  
   
   
 274,836 
   
   
   
 24.2 
 %  
   
   
 266,285 
   
   
   
 27.5 
 %  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 17,803 
   
   
   
 1.2 
 %  
   
   
 15,580 
   
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
   
   
 14,661 
   
   
   
 1.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 107,039 
   
   
   
 7.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 83,529 
   
   
   
 7.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 79,871 
   
   
   
 8.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 124,980 
   
   
   
 8.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 98,929 
   
   
   
 8.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 94,532 
   
   
   
 9.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 140,760 
   
   
   
 9.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 117,084 
   
   
   
 10.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 94,532 
   
   
   
 9.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 369,800 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 460,700 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 468,941 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 297,194 
   
   
   
 80.4 
 %  
   
   
 347,974 
   
   
   
 75.5 
 %  
   
   
 374,972 
   
   
   
 80.0 
 %  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 25,911 
   
   
   
 7.0 
 %  
   
   
 29,020 
   
   
   
 6.3 
 %  
   
   
 32,802 
   
   
   
 6.9 
 %  
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 23,028 
   
   
   
 4.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating (loss) income 
    
 $ 
 46,695 
   
   
   
 12.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 83,706 
   
   
   
 18.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 84,195 
   
   
   
 18.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 77,431 
   
   
   
 20.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 106,634 
   
   
   
 23.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 95,267 
   
   
   
 20.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 83,151 
   
   
   
 22.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 134,240 
   
   
   
 29.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 119,140 
   
   
   
 25.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Development Services 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 71,414 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 65,643 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 65,182 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 139,159 
   
   
   
 194.9 
 %  
   
   
 117,580 
   
   
   
 179.1 
 %  
   
   
 100,515 
   
   
   
 154.2 
 %  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 2,469 
   
   
   
 3.4 
 %  
   
   
 2,218 
   
   
   
 3.4 
 %  
   
   
 3,796 
   
   
   
 5.8 
 %  
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 15,862 
   
   
   
 22.2 
 %  
   
   
 10,771 
   
   
   
 16.4 
 %  
   
   
 34,631 
   
   
   
 53.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating (loss) income 
    
 $ 
 (54,352 
 )  
   
   
 (76.1 
 %)  
   
 $ 
 (43,384 
 )  
   
   
 (66.1 
 %)  
   
 $ 
 (4,498 
 )  
   
   
 (6.9 
 %)  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 113,937 
   
   
   
 159.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 90,066 
   
   
   
 137.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 72,385 
   
   
   
 111.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 During 2016, we changed our methodology for allocating certain costs to our reporting segments, including stock compensation, currency hedging and certain intercompany
transactions. Prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation. Such changes had no impact on our consolidated results.  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2015  
     Americas        Revenue increased by $1.0 billion, or 16.7%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2015. This increase was in part due to contributions from the GWS Acquisition, which added $641.6 million of revenue, with a full year of activity reflected in the current year versus only four months of activity in
2015. Additionally, the revenue increase reflects strong organic growth, fueled by higher occupier outsourcing revenue (excluding the impact of the GWS Acquisition, up 10.4%), as well as improved leasing and commercial mortgage brokerage activity.
Foreign currency translation had a $30.6 million negative impact on revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016 versus the same period in 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso.  
     Cost of services increased by $918.2 million, or 22.3%,
for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to higher costs associated with our occupier outsourcing business, particularly due to the GWS Acquisition. Also contributing to the variance was higher
commission expense resulting from improved lease transaction revenue. We also incurred $10.3 million of additional costs in 2016 versus 2015 in connection with our cost-elimination project. Foreign currency translation had a $21.8 million
positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2016. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 69.7% for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to 66.5% for the same period in 2015, largely due to
the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the acquired  JCI-GWS  business, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 66.2% for the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to 65.2% for the
year ended December 31, 2015, partly driven by the aforementioned costs associated with our cost-elimination project.      
 Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $78.9 million, or 6.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The increase was partly driven by costs associated with the GWS Acquisition as well as higher payroll-related costs, including an increase in 401(k) contributions in the United States. Higher
software license and maintenance contract costs also contributed to the increase. Foreign currency had a net $4.5 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2016, which included a positive impact
from foreign currency translation of $6.2 million, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency transaction activity, mostly hedging related, of $1.7 million.  
     In connection with the origination and sale of mortgage loans
for which the company retains servicing rights, we record servicing assets or liabilities based on the fair value of the retained mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) on the date the loans are sold. We also assume or purchase certain servicing assets.
Gains from mortgage servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value within revenue. Subsequent to the initial recording, MSRs are amortized (within amortization expense) and carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value in other
intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. They are amortized in proportion to and over the estimated period that the servicing income is expected to be received. In any given period, the net of gains from MSRs less related
amortization equals the net  non-cash  impact to operating income from such activity (Net MSRs). For the year ended December 31, 2016, Net MSRs increased $29.6 million over the same period in the prior
year. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Net MSRs contributed $80.7 million to operating income, consisting of $154.0 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by
$73.3 million of amortization of related intangible assets. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Net MSRs contributed $51.1 million to operating income, consisting of $110.4 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the
origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $59.3 million of amortization of related intangible assets.        EMEA        Revenue increased by $913.5 million, or 30.4%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. This increase was largely due to contributions from the
GWS Acquisition, which  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
added $924.9 million of revenue, with a full year of activity reflected in the current year versus only four months of activity in 2015. In addition, the revenue increase also reflects
strong organic growth, fueled by higher occupier outsourcing revenue (excluding the impact of the GWS Acquisition, up 15.8%). Leasing activity was up slightly and sales activity was flat versus the prior year. Foreign currency translation had a
$232.6 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016 versus the same period in 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the British pound sterling.        Cost of services increased by $821.8 million, or 37.3%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 as
compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily due to higher costs associated with our occupier outsourcing business, particularly due to the GWS Acquisition. We also incurred $9.3 million of additional costs in 2016 versus
2015 in connection with our cost-elimination project. These increases were partially reduced by foreign currency translation, which had a $177.8 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2016. Cost of
services as a percentage of revenue increased to 77.3% for the year ended December 31, 2016 from 73.4% for the year ended December 31, 2015, largely due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the acquired  JCI-GWS  business, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 69.0% for both the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.  
     Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by
$73.6 million, or 11.9%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher costs associated with the GWS Acquisition. Higher payroll-related costs (including bonuses) in
the current year also contributed to the variance. These increases were partially mitigated by foreign currency, which had a $44.2 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2016, including
$1.0 million in favorable foreign currency transaction activity over the same period last year, much of which related to hedging activities, and a $43.2 million positive impact from foreign currency translation.  
     Asia Pacific        Revenue increased by $350.9 million, or 30.9%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to
the year ended December 31, 2015. This increase was largely due to contributions from the GWS Acquisition, which added $229.4 million of revenue, with a full year of activity reflected in the current year versus only four months of
activity in 2015. The revenue increase also reflects strong organic growth, fueled by higher occupier outsourcing revenue (excluding the impact of the GWS Acquisition, up 33.4%) as well as improved sales and leasing activity. This increase was
partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $2.8 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016 versus the same period in 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the Chinese yuan and Indian
rupee, largely mitigated by strength in the Japanese yen.        Cost of services increased by $300.8 million, or 39.5%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, driven by higher costs associated with our occupier
outsourcing businesses, including the acquired GWS business. This was partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $5.9 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2016. Cost of services
as a percentage of revenue increased to 71.5% for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to 67.1% for the same period in 2015, primarily due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the acquired  JCI-GWS  business, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 65.6% for the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to 64.1% for the same period in 2015, primarily driven by our revenue mix, with outsourcing
revenue, which has a lower margin than sales and lease revenue, being a higher percentage of revenue than in the prior year.      
 Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $24.4 million, or 8.9%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, mainly driven by costs associated with the GWS Acquisition. Additionally, foreign currency activity had an overall negative impact of $7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, due
to unfavorable foreign currency transaction activity, mostly related to hedging.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Global Investment Management  
     Revenue decreased by $90.9 million, or 19.7%, for the
year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. This decrease was primarily driven by lower carried interest revenue as well as lower acquisition, asset management and incentive fees in the current year.
Foreign currency translation had an $11.8 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016 versus the same period in 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the British pound sterling.  
     Operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by
$50.8 million, or 14.6%, for the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily driven by lower carried interest expense incurred in the current year. Additionally, foreign currency had a net
$5.0 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2016, which included $2.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency transaction activity over the same period last year, much of which related
to hedging activities, that was more than offset by a $7.7 million positive impact from foreign currency translation. These decreases were partially offset by $19.8 million of additional costs in 2016 versus 2015 in connection with our
cost-elimination project.        A roll forward of our
AUM by product type for the year ended December 31, 2016 is as follows (dollars in billions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Funds 
   
   
 Separate Accounts 
   
   
 Securities 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 2016 
    
 $ 
 28.3 
   
   
 $ 
 39.9 
   
   
 $ 
 20.8 
   
   
 $ 
 89.0 
   
 
   Inflows 
    
   
 5.4 
   
   
   
 5.7 
   
   
   
 2.7 
   
   
   
 13.8 
   
 
   Outflows 
    
   
 (4.7 
 )  
   
   
 (6.1 
 )  
   
   
 (6.3 
 )  
   
   
 (17.1 
 )  
 
   Market appreciation (depreciation) 
    
   
 2.6 
   
   
   
 (2.0 
 )  
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
   
 0.9 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
    
 $ 
 31.6 
   
   
 $ 
 37.5 
   
   
 $ 
 17.5 
   
   
 $ 
 86.6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       AUM generally refers to the
properties and other assets with respect to which we provide (or participate in) oversight, investment management services and other advice, and which generally consist of real estate properties or loans, securities portfolios and investments in
operating companies and joint ventures. Our AUM is intended principally to reflect the extent of our presence in the real estate market, not the basis for determining our management fees. Our assets under management consist of:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the total fair market value of the real estate properties and other assets either wholly-owned or held by joint ventures and other entities in which
our sponsored funds or investment vehicles and client accounts have invested or to which they have provided financing. Committed (but unfunded) capital from investors in our sponsored funds is not included in this component of our AUM. The value of
development properties is included at estimated completion cost. In the case of real estate operating companies, the total value of real properties controlled by the companies, generally through joint ventures, is included in AUM; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the net asset value of our managed securities portfolios, including investments (which may be comprised of committed but uncalled capital) in private
real estate funds under our fund of funds program.        Our calculation of AUM may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers.  
     Development Services  
     Revenue increased by $5.8 million, or 8.8%, for the
year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher development fees in the current year.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $21.6 million, or 18.3%, for
the year ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily driven by higher bonuses in the current year as a result of significantly improved operating performance due to property sales (reflected in
equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries and gain on disposition of real estate).        As of December 31, 2016, development projects in process totaled $6.6 billion, down $100 million from  year-end  2015. The new projects pipeline
totaled $4.2 billion, up $600 million from a year ago.      
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014        Americas      
 Revenue increased by $986.1 million, or 19.0%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2014. This increase was in part due to contributions from the GWS Acquisition. Additionally, the revenue increase also reflects strong organic growth, fueled by higher occupier outsourcing revenue (excluding the impact of the GWS
Acquisition, up 10.8%) and property management fees (up 14.7%), as well as improved sales, leasing, commercial mortgage brokerage and appraisal activity. Foreign currency translation had an $85.6 million negative impact on total revenue during
the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the Brazilian real and Canadian dollar when converting to U.S. dollars during the year ended December 31, 2015 versus the year ended December 31, 2014.  
     Cost of services increased by $717.8 million, or 21.1%,
for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily due to higher costs associated with our property management and occupier outsourcing businesses, particularly due to the GWS Acquisition. This
increase was also due to higher commission expense resulting from improved sales and lease transaction revenue. Additionally, higher salaries and related costs due to increased headcount (in part due to
 in-fill  acquisitions) also contributed to the increase. Foreign currency translation had a $52.8 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2015. Cost of services
as a percentage of revenue increased to 66.5% for the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to 65.3% for the year ended December 31, 2014, largely due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the acquired  JCI-GWS  business, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 65.2% for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to 65.3% for the year ended December 31, 2014.  
     Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by
$155.8 million, or 13.9%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase was partly driven by costs associated with the GWS Acquisition. Also contributing to the variance were higher
payroll-related costs (including bonuses) attributable to increased headcount and improved results as well as higher consulting, marketing and travel costs. These increases were partially mitigated by an $8.6 million asset impairment charge
incurred in our Americas segment during the year ended December 31, 2014, which did not recur during the year ended December 31, 2015, and foreign currency movement. Foreign currency translation had a $24.5 million positive impact on
total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2015 and there was an improvement of $19.1 million in foreign currency transaction activity over the year ended December 31, 2014, some of which related to hedging
activities.        For the year ended December 31,
2015, Net MSRs increased $26.1 million over the same period in 2014. For the year ended December 31, 2015, Net MSRs contributed $51.1 million to operating income, consisting of $110.4 million of gains recognized in conjunction
with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $59.3 million of amortization of related intangible assets. For the year ended December 31, 2014, Net MSRs contributed $25.0 million to operating income, consisting of
$73.9 million of gains recognized in conjunction with the origination and sale of mortgage loans, offset by $48.9 million of amortization of related intangible assets.  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EMEA      
 Revenue increased by $660.2 million, or 28.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2014. This increase was largely due to contributions from the GWS Acquisition. In addition, the revenue increase also reflects strong organic growth, fueled by higher occupier outsourcing revenue (excluding the impact of the GWS
Acquisition up 19.4%) and property management fees (up 25.9%), as well as improved sales, leasing and appraisal activity. The increase in revenue was partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $291.6 million negative impact
on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the British pound sterling and euro when converting to U.S. dollars during the year ended December 31, 2015 versus the year ended December 31,
2014.        Cost of services increased by
$599.7 million, or 37.3%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily due to higher costs associated with our property management and occupier outsourcing
businesses, particularly due to the GWS Acquisition. Additionally, we incurred $9.7 million of costs in connection with our cost-elimination project. These increases were partially reduced by foreign currency translation, which had a
$192.9 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2015. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 73.4% for the year ended December 31, 2015 from 68.5% for the year ended
December 31, 2014, largely due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the acquired  JCI-GWS  business, cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 69.0% for the year ended
December 31, 2015, compared to 68.5% for the year ended December 31, 2014.        Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $40.2 million, or 7.0%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily driven by
higher payroll-related costs (including bonuses) during the year ended December 31, 2015 as well as costs associated with the GWS Acquisition. Additionally, we incurred $10.3 million of costs in connection with our cost-elimination
project. These items were partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $78.2 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     Asia Pacific        Revenue increased by $167.3 million, or 17.3%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to
the year ended December 31, 2014. Contributions from the GWS Acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2015 as well as our acquisition of our former affiliate in Thailand in June 2014 drove the increase for the year ended
December 31, 2015. The revenue increase also reflects strong organic growth, fueled by higher occupier outsourcing revenue (excluding the impact of the GWS Acquisition, up 30.1%) and property management fees (up 21.3%), as well as improved
sales, leasing and appraisal activity. The overall increase was largely muted by foreign currency translation, which had a $120.7 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily driven by
weakness in the Australian dollar and Japanese yen when converting to U.S. dollars during the year ended December 31, 2015 versus the year ended December 31, 2014.  
     Cost of services increased by $154.2 million, or 25.4%,
for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, driven by higher costs associated with our property management and occupier outsourcing businesses, including the GWS Acquisition. Also contributing to
the variance was increased commission expense resulting from higher transaction revenue as well as $7.0 million of costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2015 in connection with our cost-elimination project. These increases were
partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $72.7 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2015. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 67.1% for the year ended
December 31, 2015 as compared to 62.7% for the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily due to the GWS Acquisition. Excluding activity associated with the acquired  JCI-GWS  business, cost of services
as a percentage of revenue was 64.1% for the year ended December 31, 2015, compared to 62.7% for the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily driven by our revenue mix, with outsourcing revenue, which has a lower margin, being a higher
percentage of revenue than in the year ended December 31, 2014.  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $8.6 million, or 3.2%, for
the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily driven by higher payroll-related costs (including bonuses) as well as $4.4 million of costs incurred during the year ended December 31,
2015 in connection with our cost-elimination project. The increase was also partly driven by costs associated with the GWS Acquisition. These increases were largely offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $28.8 million positive
impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2015.        Global Investment Management        Revenue decreased by $8.2 million, or 1.8%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily driven by foreign currency translation, which had
a $38.5 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily driven by weakness in the British pound sterling and euro when converting to U.S. dollars during the year ended December 31, 2015
versus the year ended December 31, 2014. Higher carried interest revenue was more than offset by lower asset management, disposition and acquisition fees during the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     Operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by
$27.0 million, or 7.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily driven by foreign currency translation, which had a $26.3 million positive impact on total operating expenses
during the year ended December 31, 2015.        A
rollforward of our AUM by product type for the year ended December 31, 2015 is as follows (dollars in billions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Funds 
   
   
 Separate Accounts 
   
   
 Securities 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 2015 
    
 $ 
 28.8 
   
   
 $ 
 37.0 
   
   
 $ 
 24.8 
   
   
 $ 
 90.6 
   
 
   Inflows 
    
   
 5.7 
   
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
   
 3.6 
   
   
   
 15.6 
   
 
   Outflows 
    
   
 (6.2 
 )  
   
   
 (4.7 
 )  
   
   
 (7.3 
 )  
   
   
 (18.2 
 )  
 
   Market appreciation (depreciation) 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1.3 
   
   
   
 (0.3 
 )  
   
   
 1.0 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
    
 $ 
 28.3 
   
   
 $ 
 39.9 
   
   
 $ 
 20.8 
   
   
 $ 
 89.0 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       We describe above how we
calculate AUM. Also as noted above, our calculation of AUM may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers.  
     Development Services  
     Revenue was relatively consistent at $65.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to $65.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014.      
 Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $17.1 million, or 17.0%, for the year ended December 31, 2015 as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily driven by higher bonuses during the year ended December 31, 2015 as a result of significantly improved operating performance due to property sales.  
     As of December 31, 2015, development projects in process
totaled $6.7 billion, up $1.3 billion from the end of 2014, and the inventory of pipeline deals totaled $3.6 billion, down $0.4 billion from  year-end  2014.  
     Liquidity and Capital Resources  
     We believe that we can satisfy our working capital and
funding requirements with internally generated cash flow and, as necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our expected capital requirements for  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
2017 include up to approximately $170 million of anticipated capital expenditures, net of tenant concessions. As of December 31, 2016, we had aggregate commitments of $31.6 million
to fund future  co-investments  in our Global Investment Management business, $25.5 million of which is expected to be funded in 2017. Additionally, as of December 31, 2016, we are committed to fund
$23.0 million of additional capital to unconsolidated subsidiaries within our Development Services business, which we may be required to fund at any time. As of December 31, 2016, we had $2.8 billion of borrowings available under our
$2.8 billion revolving credit facility.        We
have historically relied on our internally generated cash flow and our revolving credit facility to fund our working capital, capital expenditure and general investment requirements (including strategic
 in-fill  acquisitions) and have not sought other external sources of financing to help fund these requirements. In the absence of extraordinary events or a large strategic acquisition, we anticipate that our
cash flow from operations and our revolving credit facility would be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the foreseeable future, and at a minimum for the next 12 months. We may seek to take advantage of market opportunities to
refinance existing debt instruments, as we have done in the past, with new debt instruments at interest rates, maturities and terms we deem attractive.      
 As noted above, we believe that any future significant acquisitions that we may make could require us to obtain additional debt or equity
financing. In the past, we have been able to obtain such financing for material transactions on terms that we believed to be reasonable. However, it is possible that we may not be able to obtain acquisition financing on favorable terms, or at all,
in the future if we decide to make any further significant acquisitions.        Our long-term liquidity needs, other than those related to ordinary course obligations and commitments such as operating leases, are generally comprised of two elements. The first is the repayment of the
outstanding and anticipated principal amounts of our long-term indebtedness. We are unable to project with certainty whether our long-term cash flow from operations will be sufficient to repay our long-term debt when it comes due. If our cash flow
is insufficient, then we expect that we would need to refinance such indebtedness or otherwise amend its terms to extend the maturity dates. We cannot make any assurances that such refinancing or amendments would be available on attractive terms, if
at all.        The second long-term liquidity need is
the payment of obligations related to acquisitions. Our acquisition structures often include deferred and/or contingent purchase price payments in future periods that are subject to the passage of time or achievement of certain performance metrics
and other conditions. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had accrued $91.0 million and $79.7 million, respectively, of deferred purchase consideration, which was included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and in other
long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.      
 In addition, on October 27, 2016, we announced that our board of directors had authorized the company to repurchase up to an
aggregate of $250 million of its shares of Class A common stock over three years. The timing of the repurchase and the actual amount repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the market price of the company’s common
stock, general market and economic conditions and other factors. We intend to fund the repurchases, if any, with cash on hand or borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  
     Historical Cash Flows  
     Operating Activities  
     Net cash provided by operating activities totaled
$450.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, a decrease of $201.6 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to higher net payments
to vendors and income taxes paid during the year ended December 31, 2016. These items were partially offset by higher commissions paid during the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $651.9 million for the year ended
December 31, 2015, a decrease of $9.9 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to higher bonuses and commissions paid during the year ended
December 31, 2015 as well as an increase in real estate held for development during the year ended December 31, 2015. These items were partially offset by lower net payments to vendors and lower income taxes paid during the year ended
December 31, 2015 as well as improved collections of receivables and operating performance during the year ended December 31, 2015.      
 Investing Activities      
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled $7.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, a decrease of $1.6 billion
as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015. This variance was primarily driven by a greater amount invested in acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2015, particularly the GWS Acquisition.  
     Net cash used in investing activities totaled
$1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2015, an increase of $1.5 billion as compared to the year ended December 31, 2014. This variance was primarily driven by amounts paid for the acquisition of the Global Workplace
Solutions business during the year ended December 31, 2015.        Financing Activities        Net cash used in financing activities totaled $199.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $789.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2015. This variance was primarily due to proceeds received from the issuance of $600.0 million of 4.875% senior notes in August 2015 as well as $378.8 million of higher net borrowings of term loans under our 2015
Credit Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2015. These collective borrowings during the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as cash on hand, were used to fund the GWS Acquisition, which closed on September 1, 2015.
       Net cash provided by financing activities totaled
$789.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to net cash used in financing activities of $232.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. This variance was primarily due to proceeds received from the
issuance of $600.0 million of 4.875% senior notes in August 2015 and lower net repayments under our revolving credit facility during the year ended December 31, 2015. Also contributing to the increase was the establishment of
$900.0 million of new senior term loan facilities under our 2015 Credit Agreement, partially offset by repayment of $645.6 million of senior term loans under our 2013 Credit Agreement, both of which occurred during the year ended
December 31, 2015. The net proceeds from the issuance of 5.25% senior notes and the redemption of $350.0 million of 6.625% senior notes during the year ended December 31, 2014 partially reduced the overall cash used in financing
activities during 2014.  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Summary of Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments  
     The following is a summary of our various contractual
obligations and other commitments as of December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments Due by Period 
   
 
   Contractual Obligations 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less than 1 year 
   
    
 1 – 3 years 
   
    
 3 – 5 years 
   
    
 More than 5 years 
   


 
   Total gross long-term debt (1) 
    
 $ 
 2,576,889 
   
    
 $ 
 11 
   
    
 $ 
 139,123 
   
    
 $ 
 554,255 
   
    
 $ 
 1,883,500 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings (2) 
    
   
 1,254,669 
   
    
   
 1,254,669 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Operating leases (3) 
    
   
 1,249,418 
   
    
   
 216,370 
   
    
   
 347,303 
   
    
   
 279,464 
   
    
   
 406,281 
   
 
   Defined benefit pension liability (4) 
    
   
 130,306 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 130,306 
   
 
   Total gross notes payable on real estate (non recourse) (5) 
    
   
 26,261 
   
    
   
 4,516 
   
    
   
 12,611 
   
    
   
 4,394 
   
    
   
 4,740 
   
 
   Deferred purchase consideration (6) 
    
   
 91,031 
   
    
   
 29,270 
   
    
   
 44,937 
   
    
   
 16,824 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Contractual Obligations 
    
 $ 
 5,328,574 
   
    
 $ 
 1,504,836 
   
    
 $ 
 543,974 
   
    
 $ 
 854,937 
   
    
 $ 
 2,424,827 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Amount of Other Commitments Expiration 
   
 
   Other Commitments 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less than 1 year 
   
    
 1 – 3 years 
   
    
 3 – 5 years 
   
    
 More than 5 years 
   
 
   Letters of credit (3) 
    
 $ 
 50,902 
   
    
 $ 
 50,902 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Guarantees (3) (7) 
    
   
 56,616 
   
    
   
 56,616 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Co-investments  (3) (8) 
    
   
 54,553 
   
    
   
 48,434 
   
    
   
 5,262 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 857 
   
 
   Tax liabilities (9) 
    
   
 38,773 
   
    
   
 34,890 
   
    
   
 3,883 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other (10) 
    
   
 80,582 
   
    
   
 80,582 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Commitments 
    
 $ 
 281,426 
   
    
 $ 
 271,424 
   
    
 $ 
 9,145 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 857 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Reflects gross outstanding long-term debt balances expected to be paid at maturity, excluding unamortized discount, premium and deferred financing costs. See Note 10 of
our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Figures do not include scheduled interest payments. Assuming each debt obligation is held until maturity, we estimate that we will make the following
interest payments (dollars in thousands): 2017 – $105,347; 2018 to 2019 – $210,694; 2020 to 2021 – $189,385 and thereafter – $242,255.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Primarily represents our warehouse lines of credit, which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE Capital Markets, Inc. (CBRE Capital Markets) and are
secured by our related warehouse receivables. See Note 10 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
 
 
 (3) 
 See Note 11 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
 
 
 (4) 
 See Note 12 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. These obligations are related, either wholly or partially,
to the future retirement of our employees and such retirement dates are not predictable. An undeterminable portion of this amount will be paid in years one through five.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Figures do not include scheduled interest payments. The notes have either fixed or variable interest rates, ranging from 3.13% to 6.04% at December 31, 2016.
 
 
 
 (6) 
 Represents deferred obligations related to previous acquisitions, which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2016 set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Due to the nature of guarantees, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, including default. Accordingly, all guarantees are
reflected as expiring in less than one year.  
 
 
 (8) 
 Includes $31.6 million related to our Global Investment Management segment, $25.5 million of which is expected to be funded in 2017 and $23.0 million
related to our Development Services segment (callable at any time).  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (9) 
 As of December 31, 2016, our current and  non-current  tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, totaled
$88.9 million. Of this amount, we can reasonably estimate that $34.9 million will require cash settlement in less than one year and $3.9 million will require cash settlement in one to three years. We are unable to reasonably estimate
the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions for the remaining $50.1 million.  
 
 
 (10) 
 Represents outstanding reserves for claims under certain insurance programs, which are included in other current and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets at December 31, 2016 set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Due to the nature of this item, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain events. Accordingly, the entire balance has been reflected as
expiring in less than one year.      
 Indebtedness      
 Our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to pay the principal amount of our indebtedness and other
obligations when due. In addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our
indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase.      
 Long-Term Debt      
 We maintain credit facilities with third-party lenders, which we use for a variety of purposes. On March 28, 2013, CBRE Services,
Inc. (CBRE Services), our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into the 2013 Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks led by Credit Suisse AG, or CS, as administrative and collateral agent, to completely refinance a previous credit agreement. On
January 9, 2015, CBRE Services entered into the 2015 Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks jointly led by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and CS. In January 2015, we used the proceeds
from the tranche A term loan facility under the 2015 Credit Agreement and from the December 2014 issuance of $125.0 million of 5.25% senior notes due 2025, along with cash on hand, to pay off the prior tranche A and tranche B term loans and the
balance on our revolving credit facility under the 2013 Credit Agreement. On September 3, 2015, CBRE Services entered into an incremental assumption agreement with a syndicate of banks jointly led by Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and CS to
establish new tranche  B-1  and tranche  B-2  term loan facilities under the 2015 Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of $400.0 million. On March 21,
2016, CBRE Services executed an amendment to the 2015 Credit Agreement that, among other things, extended the maturity on the revolving credit facility to March 2021 and increased the borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility by
$200.0 million.        The 2015 Credit Agreement is
an unsecured credit facility that is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. The 2015 Credit Agreement currently provides for the following: (1) a $2.8 billion revolving credit
facility, which includes the capacity to obtain letters of credit and swingline loans and matures on March 21, 2021; (2) a $500.0 million tranche A term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on June 30,
2015 and continue through maturity on January 9, 2020; (3) a $270.0 million tranche  B-1  term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on December 31, 2015 and continue
through maturity on September 3, 2020; and (4) a $130.0 million tranche  B-2  term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on December 31, 2015 and continue through
maturity on September 3, 2022. On November 1, 2016, we prepaid a total of $101.9 million of the 2017 and 2018 required amortization on our senior term loans under our 2015 Credit Agreement, which included $59.4 million for the
tranche A term loan facility, $28.7 million for the tranche  B-1  term loan facility and $13.8 million for the tranche  B-2  term loan facility.  
     On August 13, 2015, CBRE Services issued
$600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due March 1, 2026 at a price equal to 99.24% of their face value. The 4.875% senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE Services, senior to all of its current and
future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. The 4.875% senior notes are jointly and  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of CBRE Services that guarantees our 2015 Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 4.875% per year and is
payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1.        On September 26, 2014, CBRE Services issued $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due March 15, 2025. On December 12, 2014, CBRE Services issued an
additional $125.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due March 15, 2025 at a price equal to 101.5% of their face value, plus interest deemed to have accrued from September 26, 2014. The 5.25% senior notes are
unsecured obligations of CBRE Services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. The 5.25% senior notes are jointly and severally
guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of CBRE Services that guarantees our 2015 Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 5.25% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15.
       On March 14, 2013, CBRE Services issued
$800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior notes due March 15, 2023. The 5.00% senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE Services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively
subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. The 5.00% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of CBRE Services that guarantees our 2015 Credit
Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 5.00% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15.      
 Our 2015 Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our 4.875% senior notes, 5.25% senior notes and 5.00% senior notes contain
restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make distributions to stockholders, repurchase capital stock or debt, make investments, sell assets or subsidiary stock, create or
permit liens on assets, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into sale/leaseback transactions, issue subsidiary equity and enter into consolidations or mergers. Our 2015 Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio
of EBITDA (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) to total interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) of 4.25x as of the end of each fiscal quarter.
Our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was 12.73x for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.18x as of December 31, 2016. We may from time to time, in our
sole discretion, explore opportunities to refinance or reduce our outstanding debt under our 2015 Credit Agreement and under our 4.875% senior notes, 5.00% senior notes and 5.25% senior notes, including in the case of our senior notes, by
purchasing, redeeming or retiring such senior notes through tender offers, in privately negotiated or open market transactions or otherwise.      
 On October 8, 2010, CBRE Services issued $350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% senior notes due
October 15, 2020. We redeemed these notes in full on October 27, 2014 in accordance with the provisions of the notes and associated indenture. In connection with this early redemption, we incurred charges of $23.1 million, including a
premium of $17.4 million and the  write-off  of $5.7 million of unamortized deferred financing costs. Such charges were included in the  write-off  of financing
costs on extinguished debt for the year ended December 31, 2014 in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
     For additional information on all of our long-term debt, see
Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.      
 Short-Term Borrowings      
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, has the following warehouse lines of credit: i) credit agreements with JP Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A., Bank of America, TD Bank, N.A. and Capital One, N.A. for the purpose of funding mortgage loans that will be resold; and ii) a funding arrangement with Federal National  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, for the purpose of selling a percentage of certain closed multifamily loans to Fannie Mae. For more information on these warehouse lines, see Note 10 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.        Interest Rate Swap Agreements        In March 2011, we entered into five interest rate swap agreements, all with effective dates in October 2011, and immediately designated them as cash flow hedges in accordance with the “ Derivatives
and Hedging ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 815). The purpose of these interest rate swap agreements is to attempt to hedge potential changes to our cash flows due to the variable interest nature of our senior term loan facilities. The total
notional amount of these interest rate swap agreements is $400.0 million, with $200.0 million expiring in October 2017 and $200.0 million expiring in September 2019. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair values of such
interest rate swap agreements were reflected as a $13.2 million liability and a $21.5 million liability, respectively, and were included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of
this Annual Report.        In July 2015, we entered into
three interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of $300.0 million, all with effective dates in August 2015, and designated them as cash flow hedges in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815. In August 2015, we elected to
terminate these agreements and paid a $6.2 million cash settlement, which has been recorded to accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. This settlement fee
is being amortized to interest expense throughout the remaining term of the terminated hedge transaction until August 2025.      
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     Our exposure to market risk primarily consists of foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations related to our international operations and changes in interest rates on debt obligations. We manage such risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of our debt funding and by using derivative
financial instruments. We apply the “ Derivatives and Hedging ” Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) (Topic 815) when accounting for derivative financial instruments. In all
cases, we view derivative financial instruments as a risk management tool and, accordingly, do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.      
 Exchange Rates      
 Our foreign operations expose us to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. These fluctuations may impact the value of our cash receipts
and payments in terms of our functional (reporting) currency, which is U.S. dollars. See the discussion of international operations, which is included in Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” under the caption “International Operations” and is incorporated by reference herein.      
 Interest Rates      
 We manage our interest expense by using a combination of fixed and variable rate debt. We enter into interest rate swap agreements to
attempt to hedge the variability of future interest payments due to changes in interest rates. See discussion of our interest rate swap agreements, which is included in Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” under the caption “Indebtedness-Interest Rate Swap Agreements” and is incorporated by reference herein.      
 The estimated fair value of our senior term loans was approximately $751.4 million at December 31, 2016. Based on dealers’
quotes, the estimated fair values of our 5.00% senior notes, 4.875% senior notes and 5.25% senior notes were $827.6 million, $607.0 million and $439.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2016.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We utilize sensitivity analyses to assess the potential effect on our variable rate debt. If
interest rates were to increase 100 basis points on our outstanding variable rate debt at December 31, 2016, excluding notes payable on real estate, the net impact of the additional interest cost would be a decrease of $3.5 million on  pre-tax  income and a decrease of $3.5 million in cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2016.  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementa ry Data  
     INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 56 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 
    
   
 58 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 
    
   
 59 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 
    
   
 60 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 
    
   
 61 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014 
    
   
 62 
   
 
 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 63 
   
 
 
 
 
   Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) 
    
   
 119 
   
 
 
 
 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
    
   
 123 
       
 All other schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable, not required or the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial
Statements, including the notes thereto.  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
       The Board of Directors and Stockholders  
 CBRE Group, Inc.:        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CBRE Group, Inc. (the Company) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the related financial
statement schedule. We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework   (2013)  issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying  Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.  
     We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.      
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
       Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.        In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CBRE Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation
to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. Also in our opinion, CBRE Group, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  
     /s/ KPMG LLP        Los Angeles, California    March 1, 2017  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
   (Dollars in thousands, except share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 762,576 
   
   
 $ 
 540,403 
   
 
   Restricted cash 
    
   
 68,836 
   
   
   
 72,764 
   
 
   Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $39,469 and $46,606 at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively 
    
   
 2,605,602 
   
   
   
 2,471,740 
   
 
   Warehouse receivables 
    
   
 1,276,047 
   
   
   
 1,767,107 
   
 
   Income taxes receivable 
    
   
 45,626 
   
   
   
 59,331 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses 
    
   
 184,107 
   
   
   
 172,922 
   
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 179,656 
   
   
   
 220,956 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Assets 
    
   
 5,122,450 
   
   
   
 5,305,223 
   
 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
   
 560,756 
   
   
   
 529,823 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 2,981,392 
   
   
   
 3,085,997 
   
 
   Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $771,673 and $589,236 at December 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively 
    
   
 1,411,039 
   
   
   
 1,450,469 
   
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 232,238 
   
   
   
 217,943 
   
 
   Deferred tax assets, net 
    
   
 105,324 
   
   
   
 135,252 
   
 
   Other assets, net 
    
   
 366,388 
   
   
   
 293,236 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 10,779,587 
   
   
 $ 
 11,017,943 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 1,446,438 
   
   
 $ 
 1,484,119 
   
 
   Compensation and employee benefits payable 
    
   
 772,922 
   
   
   
 705,070 
   
 
   Accrued bonus and profit sharing 
    
   
 890,321 
   
   
   
 866,894 
   
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 58,351 
   
   
   
 82,194 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Warehouse lines of credit (which fund loans that U.S. Government Sponsored Entities have committed to purchase) 
    
   
 1,254,653 
   
   
   
 1,750,781 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 16 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
    
   
 1,254,669 
   
   
   
 1,750,797 
   
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
    
   
 11 
   
   
   
 34,428 
   
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 102,717 
   
   
   
 70,655 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Liabilities 
    
   
 4,525,429 
   
   
   
 4,994,157 
   
 
   Long-term debt, net of current maturities 
    
   
 2,548,126 
   
   
   
 2,645,111 
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities, net 
    
   
 70,719 
   
   
   
 100,361 
   
 
   Non-current  tax liabilities 
    
   
 54,042 
   
   
   
 88,667 
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 524,026 
   
   
   
 430,577 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 7,722,342 
   
   
   
 8,258,873 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   CBRE Group, Inc. Stockholders’ Equity: 
    
   
 
   Class A common stock; $0.01 par value; 525,000,000 shares authorized; 337,279,449 and 334,230,496 shares issued and
outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively 
    
   
 3,373 
   
   
   
 3,342 
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 1,145,226 
   
   
   
 1,106,758 
   
 
   Accumulated earnings 
    
   
 2,656,906 
   
   
   
 2,088,227 
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (791,018 
 )  
   
   
 (485,675 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total CBRE Group, Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
    
   
 3,014,487 
   
   
   
 2,712,652 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interests 
    
   
 42,758 
   
   
   
 46,418 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity 
    
   
 3,057,245 
   
   
   
 2,759,070 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
    
 $ 
 10,779,587 
   
   
 $ 
 11,017,943 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS    (Unaudited)    (Dollars in thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 13,071,589 
   
    
 $ 
 10,855,810 
   
   
 $ 
 9,049,918 
   
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 9,123,727 
   
    
   
 7,082,932 
   
   
   
 5,611,262 
   
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 2,781,310 
   
    
   
 2,633,609 
   
   
   
 2,438,960 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 366,927 
   
    
   
 314,096 
   
   
   
 265,101 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
    
   
 12,271,964 
   
    
   
 10,030,637 
   
   
   
 8,315,323 
   
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 15,862 
   
    
   
 10,771 
   
   
   
 57,659 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 815,487 
   
    
   
 835,944 
   
   
   
 792,254 
   
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 197,351 
   
    
   
 162,849 
   
   
   
 101,714 
   
 
   Other income (loss) 
    
   
 4,688 
   
    
   
 (3,809 
 )  
   
   
 12,183 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 8,051 
   
    
   
 6,311 
   
   
   
 6,233 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 144,851 
   
    
   
 118,880 
   
   
   
 112,035 
   
 
   Write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,685 
   
   
   
 23,087 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 880,726 
   
    
   
 879,730 
   
   
   
 777,262 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 296,662 
   
    
   
 320,853 
   
   
   
 263,759 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 584,064 
   
    
   
 558,877 
   
   
   
 513,503 
   
 
   Less: Net income attributable to  non-controllling  interests 
    
   
 12,091 
   
    
   
 11,745 
   
   
   
 29,000 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
    
 $ 
 547,132 
   
   
 $ 
 484,503 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Basic income per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1.71 
   
    
 $ 
 1.64 
   
   
 $ 
 1.47 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 335,414,831 
   
    
   
 332,616,301 
   
   
   
 330,620,206 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted income per share: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1.69 
   
    
 $ 
 1.63 
   
   
 $ 
 1.45 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 338,424,563 
   
    
   
 336,414,856 
   
   
   
 334,171,509 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    (Unaudited)    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 584,064 
   
   
 $ 
 558,877 
   
   
 $ 
 513,503 
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
    
   
 (235,278 
 )  
   
   
 (164,350 
 )  
   
   
 (148,589 
 )  
 
   Fees associated with termination of interest rate swaps, net of $2,244 income tax benefit for the year ended December 31,
2015 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,908 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense, net of $4,443, $4,411 and $4,710 income tax
expense for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively 
    
   
 6,839 
   
   
   
 7,680 
   
   
   
 7,279 
   
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net of $929, $2,358 and $3,825 income tax benefit for the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively 
    
   
 (1,431 
 )  
   
   
 (4,107 
 )  
   
   
 (5,927 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available for sale securities, net of $250 income tax expense, $405 and $614 income tax
benefit for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively 
    
   
 384 
   
   
   
 (705 
 )  
   
   
 (941 
 )  
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net of $13,057 income tax benefit, $773 income tax expense and $7,589 income tax benefit for the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively 
    
   
 (63,749 
 )  
   
   
 3,741 
   
   
   
 (30,355 
 )  
 
   Other, net of $3,705 income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2016 
    
   
 (12,091 
 )  
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 549 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (305,326 
 )  
   
   
 (161,646 
 )  
   
   
 (177,984 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
   
 278,738 
   
   
   
 397,231 
   
   
   
 335,519 
   
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
    
   
 12,108 
   
   
   
 11,754 
   
   
   
 28,913 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 266,630 
   
   
 $ 
 385,477 
   
   
 $ 
 306,606 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS    (Unaudited)    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 584,064 
   
   
 $ 
 558,877 
   
   
 $ 
 513,503 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 366,927 
   
   
   
 314,096 
   
   
   
 265,101 
   
 
   Amortization and  write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
    
   
 10,935 
   
   
   
 12,311 
   
   
   
 13,155 
   
 
   Write-down of impaired assets 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8,615 
   
 
   Gain on sale of loans, servicing rights and other assets 
    
   
 (201,362 
 )  
   
   
 (140,828 
 )  
   
   
 (95,636 
 )  
 
   Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses from investments 
    
   
 (4,688 
 )  
   
   
 3,809 
   
   
   
 (11,237 
 )  
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate held for investment 
    
   
 (9,901 
 )  
   
   
 (8,573 
 )  
   
   
 (28,005 
 )  
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 (197,351 
 )  
   
   
 (162,849 
 )  
   
   
 (101,714 
 )  
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 4,711 
   
   
   
 10,211 
   
   
   
 8,165 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (9,642 
 )  
   
   
 (14,935 
 )  
   
   
 (28,469 
 )  
 
   Compensation expense for equity awards 
    
   
 63,484 
   
   
   
 74,709 
   
   
   
 59,757 
   
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,277 
 )  
   
   
 (1,218 
 )  
 
   Distribution of earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 29,031 
   
   
   
 36,630 
   
   
   
 27,903 
   
 
   Tenant concessions received 
    
   
 22,547 
   
   
   
 7,861 
   
   
   
 18,343 
   
 
   Purchase of trading securities 
    
   
 (87,765 
 )  
   
   
 (85,707 
 )  
   
   
 (71,021 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of trading securities 
    
   
 105,866 
   
   
   
 78,798 
   
   
   
 74,237 
   
 
   Proceeds from securities sold, not yet purchased 
    
   
 17,932 
   
   
   
 16,014 
   
   
   
 2,271 
   
 
   Securities purchased to cover short sales 
    
   
 (19,017 
 )  
   
   
 (13,147 
 )  
   
   
 (453 
 )  
 
   Increase in receivables 
    
   
 (236,923 
 )  
   
   
 (231,979 
 )  
   
   
 (307,979 
 )  
 
   Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets 
    
   
 (93,192 
 )  
   
   
 (84,997 
 )  
   
   
 (47,015 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in real estate held for sale and under development 
    
   
 (2,245 
 )  
   
   
 (16,003 
 )  
   
   
 47,276 
   
 
   Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
   
 2,235 
   
   
   
 177,567 
   
   
   
 31,526 
   
 
   Increase in compensation and employee benefits payable and accrued bonus and profit sharing 
    
   
 132,947 
   
   
   
 115,805 
   
   
   
 344,987 
   
 
   (Increase) decrease in income taxes receivable/payable 
    
   
 (6,334 
 )  
   
   
 43,085 
   
   
   
 (43,194 
 )  
 
   (Decrease) increase in other liabilities 
    
   
 (3,231 
 )  
   
   
 (15,543 
 )  
   
   
 589 
   
 
   Other operating activities, net 
    
   
 (18,713 
 )  
   
   
 (21,038 
 )  
   
   
 (17,707 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 450,315 
   
   
   
 651,897 
   
   
   
 661,780 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 (191,205 
 )  
   
   
 (139,464 
 )  
   
   
 (171,242 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions (GWS), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash
acquired 
    
   
 (10,477 
 )  
   
   
 (1,421,663 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Acquisition of businesses (other than GWS), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash
acquired 
    
   
 (31,634 
 )  
   
   
 (161,106 
 )  
   
   
 (147,057 
 )  
 
   Contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 (66,816 
 )  
   
   
 (71,208 
 )  
   
   
 (59,177 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 213,446 
   
   
   
 187,577 
   
   
   
 104,267 
   
 
   Net proceeds from disposition of real estate held for investment 
    
   
 44,326 
   
   
   
 3,584 
   
   
   
 77,278 
   
 
   Additions to real estate held for investment 
    
   
 (3,203 
 )  
   
   
 (2,053 
 )  
   
   
 (10,961 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of servicing rights and other assets 
    
   
 43,531 
   
   
   
 30,432 
   
   
   
 25,541 
   
 
   (Increase) decrease in restricted cash 
    
   
 (2,552 
 )  
   
   
 (49,012 
 )  
   
   
 30,889 
   
 
   Purchase of available for sale securities 
    
   
 (37,661 
 )  
   
   
 (40,287 
 )  
   
   
 (89,885 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 
    
   
 35,051 
   
   
   
 42,572 
   
   
   
 88,214 
   
 
   Other investing activities, net 
    
   
 (245 
 )  
   
   
 1,669 
   
   
   
 577 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (7,439 
 )  
   
   
 (1,618,959 
 )  
   
   
 (151,556 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from senior term loans 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 900,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Repayment of senior term loans 
    
   
 (136,250 
 )  
   
   
 (657,488 
 )  
   
   
 (39,650 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
    
   
 2,909,000 
   
   
   
 2,643,500 
   
   
   
 1,873,568 
   
 
   Repayment of revolving credit facility 
    
   
 (2,909,000 
 )  
   
   
 (2,648,012 
 )  
   
   
 (1,999,422 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from issuance of 4.875% senior notes, net 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 595,440 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of 5.25% senior notes 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 426,875 
   
 
   Repayment of 6.625% senior notes 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (350,000 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for investment 
    
   
 7,274 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,022 
   
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for investment 
    
   
 (33,944 
 )  
   
   
 (1,576 
 )  
   
   
 (27,563 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
    
   
 17,727 
   
   
   
 20,879 
   
   
   
 8,274 
   
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
    
   
 (4,102 
 )  
   
   
 (1,186 
 )  
   
   
 (80,218 
 )  
 
   Shares and units repurchased for payment of taxes on equity awards 
    
   
 (27,426 
 )  
   
   
 (24,523 
 )  
   
   
 (16,685 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
    
   
 915 
   
   
   
 7,525 
   
   
   
 6,203 
   
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,277 
   
   
   
 1,218 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interest contributions 
    
   
 2,272 
   
   
   
 5,909 
   
   
   
 2,938 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interest distributions 
    
   
 (19,133 
 )  
   
   
 (16,582 
 )  
   
   
 (33,971 
 )  
 
   Payment of financing costs 
    
   
 (5,618 
 )  
   
   
 (30,664 
 )  
   
   
 (5,947 
 )  
 
   Other financing activities, net 
    
   
 (1,358 
 )  
   
   
 (5,951 
 )  
   
   
 (2,711 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
    
   
 (199,643 
 )  
   
   
 789,548 
   
   
   
 (232,069 
 )  
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (21,060 
 )  
   
   
 (22,967 
 )  
   
   
 (29,183 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 222,173 
   
   
   
 (200,481 
 )  
   
   
 248,972 
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
    
   
 540,403 
   
   
   
 740,884 
   
   
   
 491,912 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
    
 $ 
 762,576 
   
   
 $ 
 540,403 
   
   
 $ 
 740,884 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the period for: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
    
 $ 
 125,800 
   
   
 $ 
 88,078 
   
   
 $ 
 118,749 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income taxes, net 
    
 $ 
 294,848 
   
   
 $ 
 285,730 
   
   
 $ 
 331,257 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
EQUITY    (Unaudited)    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 CBRE Group, Inc. Shareholders 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Class A common stock 
   
   
 Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 Accumulated earnings 
   
   
 Minimum pension liability 
   
   
 Foreign currency translation and other 
   
   
 Non-controlling interests 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 331,927,166 
   
   
 $ 
 3,319 
   
   
 $ 
 981,997 
   
   
 $ 
 1,056,592 
   
   
 $ 
 (75,307 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (70,816 
 )  
   
 $ 
 40,221 
   
   
 $ 
 1,936,006 
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 484,503 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 29,000 
   
   
   
 513,503 
   
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (30,355 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (30,355 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised (including tax benefit) 
   
   
 458,505 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 7,416 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,421 
   
 
   Restricted stock awards vesting (including tax benefit) 
   
   
 887,975 
   
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 6,785 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,794 
   
 
   Compensation expense for equity awards 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 59,757 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 59,757 
   
 
   Shares and units repurchased for payment of taxes on equity awards 
   
   
 (242,461 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (16,683 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (16,685 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,279 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,279 
   
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5,927 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5,927 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding losses on available for sale securities, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (941 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (941 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (148,502 
 )  
   
   
 (87 
 )  
   
   
 (148,589 
 )  
 
   Cancellation of  non-vested  stock awards 
   
   
 (45,109 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Contributions from  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,938 
   
   
   
 2,938 
   
 
   Distributions to  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (33,971 
 )  
   
   
 (33,971 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
   
 4,955 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 153 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 549 
   
   
   
 3,467 
   
   
   
 4,169 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 332,991,031 
   
   
 $ 
 3,330 
   
   
 $ 
 1,039,425 
   
   
 $ 
 1,541,095 
   
   
 $ 
 (105,662 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (218,358 
 )  
   
 $ 
 41,568 
   
   
 $ 
 2,301,398 
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 547,132 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,745 
   
   
   
 558,877 
   
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,741 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,741 
   
 
   Stock options exercised (including tax benefit) 
   
   
 561,583 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 9,796 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 9,802 
   
 
   Restricted stock awards vesting (including tax benefit) 
   
   
 1,021,950 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 6,714 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,724 
   
 
   Compensation expense for equity awards 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 74,709 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 74,709 
   
 
   Shares and units repurchased for payment of taxes on equity awards 
   
   
 (332,799 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (24,520 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (24,523 
 )  
 
   Fees associated with termination of interest rate swaps, net of tax (see Note 6) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,908 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,908 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,680 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,680 
   
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4,107 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4,107 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding losses on available for sale securities, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (705 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (705 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (164,359 
 )  
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 (164,350 
 )  
 
   Cancellation of  non-vested  stock awards 
   
   
 (13,338 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Contributions from  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,909 
   
   
   
 5,909 
   
 
   Distributions to  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (16,582 
 )  
   
   
 (16,582 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
   
 2,069 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 634 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 3,769 
   
   
   
 4,406 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
   
   
 334,230,496 
   
   
 $ 
 3,342 
   
   
 $ 
 1,106,758 
   
   
 $ 
 2,088,227 
   
   
 $ 
 (101,921 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (383,754 
 )  
   
 $ 
 46,418 
   
   
 $ 
 2,759,070 
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 571,973 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 12,091 
   
   
   
 584,064 
   
 
   Adoption of Accounting Standards Update  2016-09,  net of tax (see Note 2) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 4,975 
   
   
   
 (3,294 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,681 
   
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (63,749 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (63,749 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised 
   
   
 89,727 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 914 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 915 
   
 
   Restricted stock awards vesting 
   
   
 2,955,142 
   
   
   
 30 
   
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Compensation expense for equity awards 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 63,484 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 63,484 
   
 
   Units repurchased for payment of taxes on equity awards 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (27,426 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (27,426 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,839 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,839 
   
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,431 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,431 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 384 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 384 
   
 
   Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (235,295 
 )  
   
   
 17 
   
   
   
 (235,278 
 )  
 
   Contributions from  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,272 
   
   
   
 2,272 
   
 
   Distributions to  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (19,133 
 )  
   
   
 (19,133 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
   
 4,084 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,449 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (12,091 
 )  
   
   
 1,093 
   
   
   
 (14,447 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 337,279,449 
   
   
 $ 
 3,373 
   
   
 $ 
 1,145,226 
   
   
 $ 
 2,656,906 
   
   
 $ 
 (165,670 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (625,348 
 )  
   
 $ 
 42,758 
   
   
 $ 
 3,057,245 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
         The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS        1. Nature of Operations  
     CBRE Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (which may be
referred to in these financial statements as the “company”, “we”, “us” and “our”), was incorporated on February 20, 2001. We are the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment
firm, based on 2016 revenue, with leading full-service operations in major metropolitan areas throughout the world. We provide services in the office, retail, industrial, multifamily and hotel sectors of commercial real estate. As of
December 31, 2016, we operated in approximately 450 offices worldwide with more than 75,000 employees, excluding independent affiliates, providing commercial real estate services under the “CBRE” brand name, investment management
services under the “CBRE Global Investors” brand name and development services under the “Trammell Crow Company” brand name. Our business is focused on commercial property, corporate facilities, project and transaction
management, tenant/occupier and property/agency leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales, commercial mortgage brokerage, loan origination and servicing) real estate investment management, valuation, development services and proprietary
research. We generate revenue from both management fees (large multi-year portfolio and  per-project  contracts) and from commissions on transactions.        2. Significant Accounting Policies  
     Principles of Consolidation  
     The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
our accounts and those of our consolidated subsidiaries, which are comprised of variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary and voting interest entities, in which we determined we have a controlling financial interest, under
the “ Consolidations ” Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) (Topic 810). The equity attributable to  non-controlling  interests in
subsidiaries is shown separately in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
     Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)  
     We determine whether an entity is a VIE and, if so, whether
it should be consolidated by utilizing judgments and estimates that are inherently subjective. Our determination of whether an entity in which we hold a direct or indirect variable interest is a VIE is based on several factors, including whether the
entity’s total equity investment at risk upon inception is sufficient to finance the entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial support. We make judgments regarding the sufficiency of the equity at risk based first on a
qualitative analysis, and then a quantitative analysis, if necessary.        We analyze any investments in VIEs to determine if we are the primary beneficiary. In evaluating whether we are the primary beneficiary, we evaluate our direct and indirect economic interests in the
entity. A reporting entity is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest in the VIE. Determining which reporting entity, if any, has a controlling financial interest in a VIE is primarily a qualitative
approach focused on identifying which reporting entity has both (1) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact such entity’s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to
receive benefits from such entity that could potentially be significant to such entity. Performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment.      
 We consider a variety of factors in identifying the entity that holds the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the
VIE’s economic performance including, but not limited to, the ability to direct financing, leasing, construction and other operating decisions and activities. In addition, we consider the rights of other investors to participate in those
decisions, to replace the manager and to sell or liquidate the entity. We determine  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time we become involved with a variable interest entity and reconsider that conclusion continually.  
     We consolidate any VIE of which we are the primary
beneficiary and disclose significant VIEs of which we are not the primary beneficiary, if any, as well as disclose our maximum exposure to loss related to VIEs that are not consolidated (see Note 4).  
     Voting Interest Entities (VOEs)  
     For VOEs, we consolidate the entity if we have a controlling
financial interest. We have a controlling financial interest in a VOE if (i) for legal entities other than limited partnerships, we own a majority voting interest in the VOE or, for limited partnerships and similar entities, we own a majority
of the entity’s  kick-out  rights through voting limited partnership interests and  (ii) non-controlling  shareholders or partners do not hold substantive
participating rights and no other conditions exist that would indicate that we do not control the entity.      
 Other Investments      
 Our investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries in which we have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial
policies, but do not control, or entities which are variable interest entities in which we are not the primary beneficiary are accounted for under the equity method. We eliminate transactions with such equity method subsidiaries to the extent of our
ownership in such subsidiaries. Accordingly, our share of the earnings from these equity-method basis companies is included in consolidated net income. All other investments held on a long-term basis are valued at cost less any impairment in value.
       Impairment Evaluation  
     Under either the equity or cost method, impairment losses
are recognized upon evidence of other-than-temporary losses of value. When testing for impairment on investments that are not actively traded on a public market, we generally use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our
investments and/or look to comparable activities in the marketplace. Management’s judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow approach. These assumptions include net asset values, internal rates of return,
discount and capitalization rates, interest rates and financing terms, rental rates, timing of leasing activity, estimates of lease terms and related concessions, etc. When determining if impairment is other-than-temporary, we also look to the
length of time and the extent to which fair value has been less than cost as well as the financial condition and near-term prospects of each investment.      
 Use of Estimates      
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(U.S.), or GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses we report. Such estimates include the value of goodwill,
intangibles and other long-lived assets, accounts receivable, investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and assumptions used in the calculation of income taxes, retirement and other post-employment benefits, among others. These estimates and
assumptions are based on management’s best judgment, and are evaluated on an ongoing basis and adjusted, as needed, using historical experience and other factors, including consideration of the macroeconomic environment. As future events and
their effects cannot be forecast with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the financial statements in
future periods.  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
     Cash and cash equivalents generally consist of cash and
highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. Included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 is cash and cash equivalents of $73.3 million and $70.2 million,
respectively, from consolidated funds and other entities, which are not available for general corporate use. We also manage certain cash and cash equivalents as an agent for our investment and property and facilities management clients. These
amounts are not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets (see Note 16).        Restricted Cash        Included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 is restricted cash of $68.8 million and $72.8 million, respectively. The balances primarily include
restricted cash set aside to cover funding obligations as required by contracts executed by us in the ordinary course of business.      
 Concentration of Credit Risk      
 Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of trade receivables and interest-bearing
investments. Users of real estate services account for a substantial portion of trade receivables and collateral is generally not required. The risk associated with this concentration is limited due to the large number of users and their geographic
dispersion.        We place substantially all of our
interest-bearing investments with several major financial institutions to limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution.      
 Property and Equipment      
 Property and equipment, which includes leasehold improvements, is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and
amortization of property and equipment is computed primarily using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging up to 10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the term of their associated leases, excluding options to
renew, since such leases generally do not carry prohibitive penalties for  non-renewal.  We capitalize expenditures that significantly increase the life of our assets and expense the costs of maintenance and
repairs.        We review property and equipment for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If this review indicates that such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment is recognized in the period the
changes occur and represents the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset.      
 Certain costs related to the development or purchase of  internal-use  software are capitalized.  Internal-use  software costs that are incurred in the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. Significant direct consulting costs and certain payroll and related costs, which are incurred during the
development stage of a project are generally capitalized and amortized over a three-year period (except for enterprise software development platforms, which range from three to seven years) when placed into production.  
     Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
     Our acquisitions require the application of purchase
accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair value. The difference between the  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The majority of our goodwill balance has resulted from our acquisition of CBRE Services, Inc. (CBRE Services) in
2001 (the 2001 Acquisition), our acquisition of Insignia Financial Group, Inc. (Insignia) in 2003 (the Insignia Acquisition), our acquisition of the Trammell Crow Company in 2006 (the Trammell Crow Company Acquisition), our acquisition of
substantially all of the ING Group N.V. (ING) Real Estate Investment Management (REIM) operations in Europe and Asia, as well as substantially all of Clarion Real Estate Securities (CRES) in 2011 (collectively referred to as the REIM Acquisitions),
our acquisition of Norland Managed Services Ltd (Norland) in 2013 (the Norland Acquisition) and our acquisition of Johnson Controls, Inc. (JCI)’s Global Workplace Solutions  (JCI-GWS)  business in 2015.
Other intangible assets that have indefinite estimated useful lives that are not being amortized include certain management contracts identified in the REIM Acquisitions, a trademark, which was separately identified as a result of the 2001
Acquisition, as well as a trade name separately identified as a result of the REIM Acquisitions. The remaining other intangible assets primarily include customer relationships, mortgage servicing rights, trademarks, management contracts and
covenants not to compete, which are all being amortized over estimated useful lives ranging up to 20 years.      
 We are required to test goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually, or
more often if circumstances or events indicate a change in the impairment status. The goodwill impairment analysis is a  two-step  process. The first step used to identify potential impairment involves comparing
each reporting unit’s estimated fair value to its carrying value, including goodwill. We use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. Management’s judgment is required in developing the assumptions
for the discounted cash flow model. These assumptions include revenue growth rates, profit margin percentages, discount rates, etc. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not to be
impaired. If the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, there is an indication of potential impairment and the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment. The second step of the process involves the calculation of an implied
fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit for which step one indicated impairment. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined by measuring the excess of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one, over the
estimated fair values of the individual assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. Due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business’s fair value and
the relative size of our goodwill, if different assumptions and estimates were used, it could have an adverse effect on our impairment analysis.      
 Deferred Financing Costs      
 Costs incurred in connection with financing activities are generally deferred and amortized over the terms of the related debt agreements
ranging up to ten years. Debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. Amortization of these costs is
charged to interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Accounting Standards Update (ASU)  2015-15,   “Interest—Imputation of Interest (Subtopic  835-30):  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with  Line-of-Credit  Arrangements”  permits
classifying debt issuance costs associated with a line of credit arrangement as an asset, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the arrangement. Total deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, related to our
revolving line of credit have been included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and were $22.2 million and $22.1 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
     On March 21, 2016, we executed an amendment to our
amended and restated credit agreement which, among other things, extended the maturity on our revolving credit facility and increased the borrowing capacity  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
under our revolving credit facility. In connection with this amendment, we incurred approximately $5.4 million of financing costs.        During 2015, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement providing for a $500.0 million
tranche A term loan facility and a $2.6 billion revolving credit facility. In addition, we added new tranche  B-1  and tranche  B-2  term loan facilities under this
same credit facility pursuant to which we borrowed an additional $400.0 million in aggregate principal amount. During the year ended December 31, 2015, in connection with these financing activities, we incurred approximately
$21.7 million of financing costs, of which $1.0 million was expensed. In addition, we expensed $1.7 million of previously-deferred financing costs. All of these write-offs were included in
 write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.      
 During 2014, we completed three financing transactions, which included the issuance in September and December of $300.0 million and
$125.0 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due March 15, 2025 and the redemption in October 2014 of all of the then outstanding 6.625% senior notes (aggregate principal amount of $350.0 million).
During the year ended December 31, 2014, in connection with these financing activities, we incurred approximately $4.7 million of financing costs. In addition, we expensed $5.7 million of previously-deferred financing costs as well as
a $17.4 million early extinguishment premium, all of which were included in  write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  
     See Note 10 for additional information on activities
associated with our debt.        Revenue Recognition
       We record commission revenue on real estate
sales generally upon close of escrow or transfer of title, except when future contingencies exist. Real estate commissions on leases are generally recorded in revenue when all obligations under the commission agreement are satisfied. Terms and
conditions of a commission agreement may include, but are not limited to, execution of a signed lease agreement and future contingencies including tenant occupancy, payment of a deposit or payment of a first month’s rent (or a combination
thereof). A commission agreement may provide that we earn a portion of a lease commission upon the execution of the lease agreement by the tenant and landlord, with the remaining portion(s) of the lease commission earned at a later date, usually
upon tenant occupancy or payment of rent. The existence of any significant future contingencies results in the delay of recognition of corresponding revenue until such contingencies are satisfied. For example, if we do not earn all or a portion of
the lease commission until the tenant pays its first month’s rent, and the lease agreement provides the tenant with a free rent period, we delay revenue recognition until rent is paid by the tenant. As some of these conditions are outside of
our control and are often not clearly defined, judgment must be exercised in determining when such required events have occurred in order to recognize revenue.      
 Property and facilities management revenues are generally based on measures consistent with the terms of the customer contracts. These
contracts are negotiated utilizing a variety of terms covering various lengths of time. The fees are recognized when earned under the provisions of the related agreements. We also may earn revenue based on certain qualitative and quantitative
performance measures. We recognize this revenue when the performance has been completed, the measure has been calculated and fees are deemed collectible.      
 Our clients reimburse us for certain expenses incurred on their behalf, primarily in our property and facilities management operations.
Our treatment of these reimbursements is based upon the terms of the underlying contract. We use certain indicators as to whether we record the reimbursements on a gross versus net basis, such as whether we are the primary obligor on the contracts,
whether the contract is based on a fixed fee, credit risk and our discretion in making vendor selections and establishing prices.  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  In certain instances, we have determined we are acting as the principal in the
transaction and, accordingly, report these reimbursements as revenue on a gross basis with the total costs reflected in cost of services. Reimbursement revenue is recognized when the underlying reimbursable costs are incurred. When we determine we
are not the primary obligor and are acting as an agent, we account for the transaction on a net basis.      
 Investment management fees are based predominantly upon a percentage of the equity deployed on behalf of our limited partners. Fees
related to our indirect investment management programs are based upon a percentage of the fair value of those investments. These fees are recognized when earned under the provisions of the related investment management agreements. Our Global
Investment Management segment earns performance-based incentive fees with regard to many of its investments. Such revenue is recognized at the end of the measurement periods when the conditions of the applicable incentive fee arrangements have been
satisfied and following the expiration of any potential claw back provision. With many of these investments, our Global Investment Management professionals have participation interests in such incentive fees, which are commonly referred to as
carried interest. This carried interest expense is generally accrued for based upon the probability of such performance-based incentive fees being earned over the related vesting period. In addition, our Global Investment Management segment also
earns success-based transaction fees with regard to buying or selling properties on behalf of certain funds and separate accounts. Such revenue is recognized at the completion of a successful transaction and is not subject to any claw back
provision.        Appraisal fees are recorded after
services have been rendered. Loan origination fees are recognized at the time a loan closes and we have no significant remaining obligations for performance in connection with the transaction, while loan servicing fees are recorded in revenue as
monthly principal and interest payments are collected from mortgagors. Other commissions, consulting fees and referral fees are recorded as revenue at the time the related services have been performed, unless future contingencies exist.  
     Development services and project management services generate
fees from development and construction management projects. Most development and construction management and project management assignments are subject to agreements that describe the calculation of fees and when we earn such fees. The earnings
terms of these agreements dictate when we recognize the related revenue. Generally, development fees are recognized based on the lower of the amount billed or the amount determined on a straight-line basis over the development period. We may earn
incentive fees for project management services based upon achievement of certain performance criteria as set forth in the project management services agreement. Incentive development fees are recognized when quantitative criteria have been met (such
as specified leasing, budget or time-based targets) or for those incentive fees based on qualitative criteria, upon approval of the fee by our clients. Certain incentive development fees allow us to share in the fair value of the developed real
estate asset above cost. This sharing creates additional revenue potential to us with no exposure to loss other than opportunity cost. We recognize such fees when the specified target is attained and fees are deemed collectible.  
     We record deferred income to the extent that cash payments
have been received in accordance with the terms of underlying agreements, but such amounts have not yet met the criteria for revenue recognition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We recognize such revenues when the
appropriate criteria are met.        In establishing the
appropriate provisions for trade receivables, we make assumptions with respect to future collectability. Our assumptions are based on an assessment of a customer’s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends, including the aging of
receivables balances. In addition to these assessments, in general, outstanding trade accounts receivable amounts that are more than 180 days overdue are evaluated for collectability and fully provided for if deemed uncollectible. Historically, our
credit losses have generally been  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
insignificant. However, estimating losses requires significant judgment, and conditions may change or new information may become known after any periodic evaluation. As a result, actual credit
losses may differ from our estimates.        Business
Promotion and Advertising Costs        The costs of
business promotion and advertising are expensed as incurred. Business promotion and advertising costs of $65.8 million, $62.7 million and $55.6 million were included in operating, administrative and other expenses for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.        Foreign Currencies        The financial statements of subsidiaries located outside the U.S. are generally measured using the local currency as the functional currency. The assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are
translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date, and income and expenses are translated at the average monthly rate. The resulting translation adjustments are included in the accumulated other comprehensive loss component of equity.
Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in the results of operations.      
 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities  
     As required by FASB ASC Topic 815 “ Derivatives and
Hedging ,” we record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. We do not net derivatives on our balance sheet. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether
we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of
the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to
variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge
accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a
fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of our risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or we
elect not to apply hedge accounting. In all cases, we view derivative financial instruments as a risk management tool and, accordingly, do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.  
     Comprehensive Income  
     Comprehensive income consists of net income and other
comprehensive loss. In the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, accumulated other comprehensive loss consists of foreign currency translation adjustments, fees associated with the termination of interest rate swaps, unrealized losses on
interest rate swaps, unrealized holding gains (losses) on available for sale securities and pension liability adjustments. Foreign currency translation adjustments exclude any income tax effect given that earnings of
 non-U.S.  subsidiaries are deemed to be reinvested for an indefinite period of time (see Note 13).      
 Marketable Securities      
 We account for investments in marketable debt and equity securities in accordance with the “ Investments – Debt and Equity
Securities ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 320). We determine the appropriate classification of  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
debt and equity securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of each balance sheet date. Marketable securities we acquire with the intent to generate a profit from
short-term movements in market prices are classified as trading securities. Debt securities are classified as held to maturity when we have the positive intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity. Marketable equity and debt securities not
classified as trading or held to maturity are classified as available for sale.        Trading securities are carried at their fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in net income. Available for sale securities are carried at their fair value and any difference
between cost and fair value is recorded as unrealized gain or loss, net of income taxes, and is reported as accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated statement of equity. Premiums and discounts are recognized in interest using the
effective interest method. Realized gains and losses and declines in value expected to be other-than-temporary on available for sale securities have not been significant. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.
Interest and dividends on securities classified as available for sale are included in interest income.      
 For investments classified as available for sale, we assess impairment at the individual security level. An investment is impaired if the
fair value of the investment is less than its amortized cost basis. When an impairment exists, we assess whether such impairment is temporary or other-than-temporary. We review the volatility and intended holding period of our investments and also
determine if we believe that there is a reasonable possibility that the value would be recovered over the intended holding period. Based on our review, we did not record any significant other-than-temporary impairment losses during the years ending
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.      
 Warehouse Receivables      
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE Capital Markets, Inc. (CBRE Capital Markets) is a Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac)
approved Multifamily Program Plus Seller/Servicer and an approved Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) Aggregation and Negotiated Transaction Seller/Servicer. In addition, CBRE Capital Markets’ wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE
Multifamily Capital, Inc. (CBRE MCI) is an approved Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing (DUS) Seller/Servicer and CBRE Capital Markets’ wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE HMF is a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
approved  Non-Supervised  Federal Housing Authority (FHA) Title II Mortgagee, an approved Multifamily Accelerated Processing (MAP) lender and an approved Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae)
issuer of mortgage-backed securities (MBS). Under these arrangements, before loans are originated through proceeds from warehouse lines of credit, we obtain either a contractual loan purchase commitment from either Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae or
a confirmed forward trade commitment for the issuance and purchase of a Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae MBS that will be secured by the loans. The warehouse lines of credit are generally repaid within a  one-month 
period when Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae buys the loans or upon settlement of the Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae MBS, while we retain the servicing rights. Loans are funded at the prevailing market rates. We elect the fair value option for all warehouse
receivables. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, all of the warehouse receivables included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were either under commitment to be purchased by Freddie Mac or had confirmed forward trade commitments for the
issuance and purchase of Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed securities that will be secured by the underlying loans.      
 Mortgage Servicing Rights      
 In connection with the origination and sale of mortgage loans with servicing rights retained, we record servicing assets or liabilities
based on the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights on the date the loans are  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
sold. We also assume or purchase certain servicing assets. Our mortgage service rights (MSRs) are initially recorded at fair value. Subsequent to the initial recording, MSRs are amortized and
carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value in other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. They are amortized in proportion to and over the estimated period that net servicing income is expected to be received
based on projections and timing of estimated future net cash flows.        Our initial recording of MSRs at their fair value resulted in net gains, as the fair value of servicing contracts that result in MSR assets exceeded the fair value of servicing contracts that result in
MSR liabilities. The net assets and net gains are presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The amount of MSRs recognized during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (dollars in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
       2016       
   
   
       2015       
   


 
   Beginning balance, mortgage servicing rights 
    
 $ 
 244,723 
   
   
 $ 
 202,982 
   
 
   Mortgage servicing rights recognized 
    
   
 154,040 
   
   
   
 110,428 
   
 
   Mortgage servicing rights sold 
    
   
 (790 
 )  
   
   
 (783 
 )  
 
   Amortization expense 
    
   
 (73,273 
 )  
   
   
 (59,608 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (4,176 
 )  
   
   
 (8,296 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance, mortgage servicing rights 
    
 $ 
 320,524 
   
   
 $ 
 244,723 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Mortgage servicing rights do
not actively trade in an open market with readily available observable prices; therefore, fair value is determined based on certain assumptions and judgments, including the estimation of the present value of future cash flows realized from servicing
the underlying mortgage loans. Management’s assumptions include the benefits of servicing (servicing fee income and interest on escrow deposits), inflation, the cost of servicing, prepayment rates, delinquencies, discount rates and the
estimated life of servicing cash flows. The assumptions used are subject to change based on management’s judgments and estimates of changes in future cash flows and interest rates, among other things. The key assumptions used during the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in measuring fair value were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2016   
   
   
   2015   
   
   
   2014   
   


 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 10.16 
 %  
   
   
 10.11 
 %  
   
   
 10.38 
 %  
 
   Conditional prepayment rate 
    
   
 9.66 
 %  
   
   
 6.03 
 %  
   
   
 6.14 
 %  
       The estimated fair value of
our mortgage servicing rights was $375.5 million and $301.2 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Impairment is evaluated through a comparison of the carrying amount and fair value of the MSRs, and recognized with the
establishment of a valuation allowance. We did not incur any impairment charges related to our MRSs during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 or 2014. No valuation allowance was created previously and we did not record a valuation
allowance for MSRs in 2016 or 2015.       Included in
revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations are contractually specified servicing fees from loans serviced for others of $104.2 million, $78.9 million and $65.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014, respectively, and prepayment fees/late fees/ancillary income earned from loans serviced for others of $7.2 million, $8.4 million and $6.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Accounting for Broker Draws  
     As part of our recruitment efforts relative to new U.S.
brokers, we offer a transitional broker draw arrangement. Our broker draw arrangements generally last until such time as a broker’s pipeline of business is sufficient to allow him or her to earn sustainable commissions. This program is intended
to provide the broker with a minimal amount of cash flow to allow adequate time for his or her training as well as time for him or her to develop business relationships. Similar to traditional salaries, the broker draws are paid irrespective of the
actual revenues generated by the broker. Often these broker draws represent the only form of compensation received by the broker. Furthermore, it is not our general policy to pursue collection of unearned broker draws paid under this arrangement. As
a result, we have concluded that broker draws are economically equivalent to salaries paid and accordingly charge them to compensation expense as incurred. The broker is also entitled to earn a commission on completed revenue transactions. This
amount is calculated as the commission that would have been payable under our full commission program, less any amounts previously paid to the broker in the form of a draw.  
     Stock-Based Compensation  
     We account for all employee awards under the fair value
recognition provisions of the “ Compensation – Stock Compensation ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 718). Topic 718 requires the measurement of compensation cost at the grant date, based upon the estimated fair value of the award,
and requires amortization of the related expense over the employee’s requisite service period.        In the third quarter of 2016, we elected to early adopt the provisions of ASU  2016-09,   “Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,”  which required us to reflect any adjustments as of January 1, 2016, the beginning of the annual period that includes the interim period of adoption. ASU
 2016-09  permits companies to make an accounting policy election to either estimate forfeitures on share-based payment awards, as previously required, or to recognize forfeitures as they occur. We elected to
change our accounting policy to recognize forfeitures when they occur and the impact of this change in accounting policy has been recorded as a $3.3 million cumulative effect adjustment to accumulated earnings as of January 1, 2016.
Additionally, this ASU requires the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies as income tax benefits or expenses in the income statement rather than to additional  paid-in  capital, which has been
applied on a prospective basis to settlements of share-based payment awards occurring on or after January 1, 2016. ASU  2016-09  also requires that excess tax benefits be presented as operating activities
on the statement of cash flows, which we have elected to apply on a prospective basis.        See Note 12 for additional information on our stock-based compensation plans.      
 Income Per Share      
 Basic income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. is computed by dividing net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. The computation of diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. generally further assumes the dilutive effect of potential common shares, which include
stock options and certain contingently issuable shares. Contingently issuable shares consist of  non-vested  stock awards.      
 Income Taxes      
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method in accordance with the “ Accounting for Income Taxes ”
Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 740). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured by
applying enacted tax rates and laws and are released in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.  
     Self-Insurance  
     Our wholly-owned captive insurance company, which is subject
to applicable insurance rules and regulations, insures our exposure related to workers’ compensation insurance, general liability insurance and automotive insurance for our U.S. operations risk on a primary basis and we purchase excess
coverage from unrelated insurance carriers. The captive insurance company also insures primary risk relating to professional indemnity claims globally. Given the nature of these types of claims, it may take several years for resolution and
determination of the cost of these claims. We are required to estimate the cost of these claims in our financial statements.      
 The estimates that we utilize to record our potential losses on claims are inherently subjective, and actual claims could differ from
amounts recorded, which could result in increased or decreased expense in future periods. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, our reserves for claims under these insurance programs were $80.6 million and $73.8 million, respectively, of
which $1.7 million and $1.9 million, respectively, represented our estimated current liabilities.      
 New Accounting Pronouncements      
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Pending Adoption   
     The FASB has recently issued five ASUs related to revenue
recognition (“new revenue recognition guidance”), all of which become effective for the company on January 1, 2018. The ASUs issued are: (1) in May 2014, ASU  2014-09,   “Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606);”  (2) in March 2016,  ASU 2016-08,   “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue
Gross versus Net);”  (3) in April 2016, ASU  2016-10,   “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing;”  (4) in May 2016, ASU  2016-12,   “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-scope Improvements and Practical Expedients;”  and (5) in December 2016, ASU  2016-20, 
 “Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue From Contracts with Customers.”  ASU  2014-09  requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be
entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers and will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. This ASU permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. ASU  2016-08  clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. ASU  2016-10  clarifies guidance related to identifying performance obligations and
licensing implementation guidance contained in ASU  2014-09.  ASU  2016-12  clarifies guidance in certain narrow areas and adds some practical expedients. ASU  2016-20  also clarifies guidance in certain narrow areas and adds optional exemptions to certain disclosure requirements.      
 We plan to adopt the new revenue recognition guidance in the first quarter of 2018 and are evaluating the application of a transition
method. We continue to evaluate the impact that adoption of these updates will have on our consolidated financial statements. Based on our initial assessment, the impact of the application of the new revenue recognition guidance will likely result
in an acceleration of some revenues that are based, in part, on  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
future contingent events. We are currently evaluating the impact of principal versus agent guidance in relation to third-party costs which are billed to clients in association with facilities
management services and the impact, if any, on our consolidated financial statements.        In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-01,   “Financial Instruments – Overall (Subtopic  825-10):  Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.”  This ASU will significantly change the income statement impact of equity investments and the recognition of changes in fair value of financial liabilities when the fair value
option is elected. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted, except for the provisions related to the recognition of changes in fair value
of financial liabilities when the fair value option is elected. We do not believe the adoption of ASU  2016-01  will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
       In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-02,  “ Leases (Topic 842) .” This ASU requires lessees to recognize most leases on the balance sheet as liabilities, with corresponding  right-of-use  assets. For income statement recognition purposes, leases will be classified as either a finance or operating lease in a manner similar to the requirements under the current lease accounting
literature, but without relying upon the bright-line tests. This ASU is effective for annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and mandates a modified retrospective transition method for all entities. We plan to adopt
ASU  2016-02  in the first quarter of 2019 and are currently evaluating the magnitude of its impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
     In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-05,   “Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.”  This ASU clarifies that a change in one of the parties to a
derivative contract (through novation) that is part of a hedge accounting relationship does not, by itself, require designation of that relationship, as long as all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. This ASU is effective for annual
and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the adoption of ASU  2016-05  will have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures.        In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-07,   “Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.”  This ASU
eliminates the requirement for an investor to retroactively apply the equity method when its increase in ownership interest (or degree of influence) in an investee triggers equity method accounting. ASU
 2016-07  should be applied prospectively upon its effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. This ASU is effective
for all entities for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, with early application permitted. We do not believe the application of ASU  2016-07  will have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.        In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-13,   “Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments.”  This ASU is intended to improve financial reporting by requiring timelier recording of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments held by financial institutions and other organizations. This ASU is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect that  ASU 2016-13  will have on our consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures.        In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-15,   “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.”  This ASU addresses eight specific cash flow issues
with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect that ASU  2016-15  will have on
our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.        In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-16,   “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.”  This ASU requires
an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those
years, with early adoption permitted. At this point in time, we do not believe the adoption of ASU  2016-16  will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
       In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-17,   “Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control.”  This ASU changes the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary
of a variable interest entity by changing how a reporting entity that is a single decision maker of a variable interest entity treats indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting
entity. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the adoption of ASU  2016-17  will
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.        In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-18,   “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash.”  This ASU requires that a statement of cash
flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. As a result, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash
equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the  beginning-of-period  and  end-of-period  total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption
permitted. We do not believe the adoption of ASU  2016-18  will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.        In December 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-19,   “Technical
Corrections and Improvements.”  This ASU amends a number of Topics in the FASB ASC. The ASU is part of an ongoing FASB project to facilitate Codification updates for  non-substantive  technical
corrections, clarifications, and improvements that are not expected to have a significant effect on accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to most entities. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the adoption of ASU  2016-19  will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures.        In January 2017, the
FASB issued ASU  2017-01,   “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business.”  This ASU clarifies the definition of a business, affecting all companies and other
reporting organizations that must determine whether they have acquired or sold a business. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. We do
not believe the adoption of ASU  2017-01  will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
     In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-03,   “Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (Topic 250) and Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the
September  22, 2016 and November  17, 2016 EITF Meetings.”  This ASU incorporates into the FASB ASC recent Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) guidance about disclosing, under SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin Topic 11.M, the effect on financial statements of adopting the revenue, leases and  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
credit losses standards. We are evaluating the effect that ASU  2017-03  will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
       In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-04,   “Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment.”  This ASU eliminates Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. This ASU also eliminates the
requirements for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment and, if it fails that qualitative test, to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect that ASU  2017-04  will have on our goodwill assessment process, but do
not believe the adoption of ASU  2017-04  will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
     Reclassifications  
     Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2015 and
2014 financial statements to conform with the 2016 presentation.      
 3. Acquisition of Global Workplace Solutions (GWS)      
 On September 1, 2015, CBRE, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, pursuant to a Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement with JCI, acquired
JCI’s GWS business (we refer to as the GWS Acquisition). The acquired  JCI-GWS  business was a market-leading provider of integrated facilities management solutions for major occupiers of commercial real
estate and had significant operations around the world. The purchase price was $1.475 billion, paid in cash, plus adjustments totaling $46.5 million for working capital and other items. We completed the GWS Acquisition in order to advance
our strategy of delivering globally integrated services to major occupiers in our Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific segments. We merged the acquired  JCI-GWS  business with our existing occupier outsourcing
business line, and the new combined business adopted the “Global Workplace Solutions” name.      
 We financed the transaction with: (i) a new issuance in August 2015 of $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875%
senior notes due March 1, 2026; (ii) borrowings in September 2015 of $400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of new tranche  B-1  and tranche  B-2  term loan
facilities under our amended and restated credit agreement dated January 9, 2015 (2015 Credit Agreement); (iii) borrowings under our existing revolving credit facility under our 2015 Credit Agreement; and (iv) cash on hand. See Note 10 for
more information on the abovementioned debt instruments.        The purchase accounting for the GWS Acquisition, including assignment of goodwill to our reporting units, has been finalized. There were no significant adjustments to the purchase price allocation
recorded during the year ended December 31, 2016. The excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired of $796 million has been recorded to goodwill, with $406 million assigned to our Americas segment,
$378 million assigned to our EMEA segment and $12 million assigned to our Asia Pacific segment. The goodwill arising from the GWS Acquisition consists largely of the synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations
acquired from JCI with our business. Of the $796 million of goodwill recorded in connection with the GWS Acquisition, approximately $445 million is deductible for tax purposes.        The accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 includes
revenue, operating income and net income of $982.0 million, $27.7 million and $18.8 million, respectively, attributable to the GWS Acquisition. This does not include direct transaction and integration costs of
 
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
$48.9 million and amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired of $24.2 million, all of which were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2015 in connection with
the GWS Acquisition.        Unaudited pro forma results,
assuming the GWS Acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2014 for purposes of the 2015 and 2014 pro forma disclosures, are presented below. They include certain adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2015, including
$47.5 million of increased amortization expense as a result of intangible assets acquired in the GWS Acquisition, $22.4 million of additional interest expense as a result of debt incurred to finance the GWS Acquisition, the removal of
$48.9 million of direct costs incurred by us related to the GWS Acquisition, and the tax impact for the year ended December 31, 2015 of these pro forma adjustments. They also include certain adjustments for the year ended December 31,
2014, including $71.7 million of increased amortization expense as a result of intangible assets acquired in the GWS Acquisition, $38.1 million of additional interest expense as a result of debt incurred to finance the GWS Acquisition, and
the tax impact for the year ended December 31, 2014 of these pro forma adjustments. These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of what operating results would have been had the
GWS Acquisition occurred on January 1, 2014 and may not be indicative of future operating results (dollars in thousands, except share data):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 12,972,810 
   
    
 $ 
 12,492,918 
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 902,612 
   
    
 $ 
 734,571 
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 581,807 
   
    
 $ 
 422,676 
   
 
   Basic income per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1.75 
   
    
 $ 
 1.28 
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 332,616,301 
   
    
   
 330,620,206 
   
 
   Diluted income per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 1.73 
   
    
 $ 
 1.26 
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 336,414,856 
   
    
   
 334,171,509 
   
       4. Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)
       We hold variable interests in certain VIEs
in our Global Investment Management and Development Services segments which are not consolidated as it was determined that we are not the primary beneficiary. Our involvement with these entities is in the form of equity  co-investments  and fee arrangements.        As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, our maximum exposure to loss related to the VIEs which are not consolidated was as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 31,041 
   
    
 $ 
 21,457 
   
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 3,314 
   
    
   
 3,723 
   
 
   Co-investment  commitments 
    
   
 168 
   
    
   
 180 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Maximum exposure to loss 
    
 $ 
 34,523 
   
    
 $ 
 25,360 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  5. Fair Value Measurements  
     The  “Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures”  topic (Topic 820) of the FASB ASC defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Topic 820 also establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy requires entities to
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in
active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or
liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.  
     There were no significant transfers in or out of Level 1
and Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015.        The following tables present the fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2016 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
      Level 1      
   
    
      Level 2      
   
    
      Level 3      
   
    
      Total      
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available for sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. treasury securities 
    
 $ 
 8,485 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 8,485 
   
 
   Debt securities issued by U.S. federal agencies 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,046 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,046 
   
 
   Corporate debt securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 17,094 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 17,094 
   
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,695 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,695 
   
 
   Collateralized mortgage obligations 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,010 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,010 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
   
 8,485 
   
    
   
 25,845 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 34,330 
   
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 22,744 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 22,744 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total available for sale securities 
    
   
 31,229 
   
    
   
 25,845 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 57,074 
   
 
   Trading securities 
    
   
 52,629 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 52,629 
   
 
   Warehouse receivables 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,276,047 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,276,047 
   
 
   Foreign currency exchange forward contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,471 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,471 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets at fair value 
    
 $ 
 83,858 
   
    
 $ 
 1,303,363 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,387,221 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 13,162 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 13,162 
   
 
   Securities sold, not yet purchased 
    
   
 3,591 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,591 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities at fair value 
    
 $ 
 3,591 
   
    
 $ 
 13,162 
   
    
 $ 
         —   
   
    
 $ 
 16,753 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available for sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. treasury securities 
    
 $ 
 7,350 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 7,350 
   
 
   Debt securities issued by U.S. federal agencies 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,360 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3,360 
   
 
   Corporate debt securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 18,085 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 18,085 
   
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,897 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,897 
   
 
   Collateralized mortgage obligations 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,752 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,752 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
   
 7,350 
   
    
   
 25,094 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 32,444 
   
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 24,118 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 24,118 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total available for sale securities 
    
   
 31,468 
   
    
   
 25,094 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 56,562 
   
 
   Trading securities 
    
   
 64,124 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 64,124 
   
 
   Warehouse receivables 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,767,107 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,767,107 
   
 
   Loan commitments 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,680 
   
    
   
 1,680 
   
 
   Foreign currency exchange forward contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 9,236 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 9,236 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets at fair value 
    
 $ 
 95,592 
   
    
 $ 
 1,801,437 
   
    
 $ 
 1,680 
   
    
 $ 
 1,898,709 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 21,502 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 21,502 
   
 
   Securities sold, not yet purchased 
    
   
 4,436 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 4,436 
   
 
   Foreign currency exchange forward contracts 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,008 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,008 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities at fair value 
    
 $ 
 4,436 
   
    
 $ 
 22,510 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 26,946 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       The fair values of the
warehouse receivables are calculated based on already locked in security buy prices. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, all of the warehouse receivables included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were either under commitment to
be purchased by Freddie Mac or had confirmed forward trade commitments for the issuance and purchase of Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae mortgage backed securities that will be secured by the underlying loans (See Note 2). These assets are classified as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as all inputs are readily observable.       The valuation of interest rate swaps and foreign currency exchange forward contracts is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash
flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate and foreign currency exchange forward curves. The fair
values of interest rate swaps and foreign currency exchange forward contracts are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future estimated cash payments/receipts. The estimated cash flows are based on an
expectation of future interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates using forward curves derived from observable market interest rate and foreign currency exchange forward curves.        The valuation of our loan commitments is determined using discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash
flows of each derivative. The primary source of value of each written loan commitment is future servicing rights. Mortgage servicing rights do not actively trade in an open market with readily available observable prices; therefore, fair value is
determined based on certain assumptions and judgments, including the estimation of the present value of future cash flows realized from servicing the underlying mortgage loans (see Note 2). As such,
 
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
our loan commitments are classified in Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The following table provides additional information about fair value measurements for these Level 3 assets
for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
         2016        
 
   
   
         2015        
 
   


 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 1,680 
   
   
 $ 
 2,372 
   
 
   Net gains included in earnings 
    
   
 31,400 
   
   
   
 21,709 
   
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (33,080 
 )  
   
   
 (22,401 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,680 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Fair value measurements for
our available for sale securities are obtained from independent pricing services which utilize observable market data that may include quoted market prices, dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. treasury yield curve, trading levels,
market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the instrument’s terms and conditions.      
 The trading securities and securities sold, not yet purchased are primarily in the U.S. and are generally valued at the last reported
sales price on the day of valuation or, if no sales occurred on the valuation date, at the mean of the bid and asked prices on such date.      
 There were no significant  non-recurring  fair value measurements recorded during the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015. The following  non-recurring  fair value measurements were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Net Carrying Value as of December 31, 2014 
   
    
 Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using 
   
    
 Total Impairment Charges for the Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    


 
   Property and equipment 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 8,615 
   
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 26,266 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 26,266 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 3,628 
   
 
   Real estate 
    
 $ 
 3,840 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 3,840 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 1,909 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total impairment charges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 14,152 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
       The fair value measurements
employed for our impairment evaluations were generally based on third-party information available in  non-active  markets (such as third-party appraisals and offers received from third parties) as well as a
discounted cash flow approach and/or review of comparable activities in the market place. Inputs used in these evaluations included risk-free rates of return, estimated risk premiums as well as other economic variables.  
     Property and Equipment  
     During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded an
asset impairment of $8.6 million in our Americas segment. This  non-cash   write-off  resulted from the decision (due to a change in strategy) to abandon a property
database platform that was being developed in the U.S. and was included within operating, administrative and other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Investments in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries  
     During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded
write-downs in our Global Investment Management segment of $3.6 million, of which $0.8 million were attributable to  non-controlling  interests. These write-downs were primarily driven by challenging
market conditions and a decrease in the estimated holding period of certain assets.        All of our impairment charges related to investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries were included in equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations.        Real Estate  
     During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded a
provision for loss on real estate held for sale of $1.9 million, of which $1.8 million was attributable to  non-controlling  interests. This charge reduced the carrying value of certain assets to their
fair value, less cost to sell, primarily due to reduced selling prices resulting from a decrease in the estimated holding period of certain assets.      
 All of the abovementioned charges were reported in our Development Services segment. All of the abovementioned charges were included
within operating, administrative and other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.      
 FASB ASC Topic 825, “ Financial Instruments ” requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments,
whether or not recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Our financial instruments are as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Cash and Cash Equivalents  and  Restricted Cash  – These balances include cash and cash equivalents as well as restricted cash with
maturities of less than three months. The carrying amount approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Receivables, less Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  – Due to their short-term nature, fair value approximates carrying value.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Warehouse Receivables  – These balances are carried at fair value based on market prices at the balance sheet date.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Trading  and  Available for Sale Securities  – These investments are carried at their fair value.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Foreign Currency Exchange Forward Contracts  – These assets and liabilities are carried at their fair value as calculated by using widely
accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Securities Sold, not yet Purchased  – These liabilities are carried at their fair value.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Short-Term Borrowings  – The majority of this balance represents outstanding amounts under our warehouse lines of credit of our wholly-owned
subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets. Due to the short-term nature and variable interest rates of these instruments, fair value approximates carrying value (see Note 10).      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Senior Term Loans  – Based upon information from third-party banks (which falls within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy), the
estimated fair value of our senior term loans was approximately $751.4 million and $878.6 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Their actual carrying value, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, totaled
$744.3 million and $877.9 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively (see Note 10).  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Interest Rate Swaps  – These liabilities are carried at their fair value as calculated by using widely-accepted valuation techniques
including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative (see Note 6).      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Senior Notes  – Based on dealers’ quotes (which falls within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy), the estimated fair values of
our 5.00% senior notes, 4.875% senior notes and 5.25% senior notes were $827.6 million, $607.0 million and $439.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2016 and $802.6 million, $598.8 million and $430.4 million,
respectively, at December 31, 2015. The actual carrying value of our 5.00% senior notes, 4.875% senior notes and 5.25% senior notes, net of unamortized debt issuance costs as well as unamortized discount or premium, if applicable, totaled
$790.4 million, $591.2 million and $422.2 million, respectively, at December 31, 2016 and $789.1 million, $590.5 million and $422.0 million, respectively, at December 31, 2015 (see Note 10).
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Notes Payable on Real Estate:  As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the carrying value of our notes payable on real estate, net of unamortized
debt issuance costs, was $26.0 million and $38.3 million, respectively. These notes payable were not recourse to CBRE Group, Inc., except for being recourse to the single-purpose entities that held the real estate assets and were the
primary obligors on the notes payable. These borrowings have either fixed interest rates or floating interest rates at spreads added to a market index. Although it is possible that certain portions of our notes payable on real estate may have fair
values that differ from their carrying values, based on the terms of such loans as compared to current market conditions, or other factors specific to the borrower entity, we do not believe that the fair value of our notes payable is significantly
different than their carrying value.        6.
Derivative Financial Instruments        We are
exposed to certain risks arising from both our business operations and economic conditions. We manage economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources and duration of our debt funding and
by using derivative financial instruments. Specifically, we enter into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the payment of future known but uncertain cash amounts, the value of which
are determined by interest rates. Our derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing and duration of our known or expected cash payments principally related to our borrowings. We do not net derivatives on our
balance sheet. Our objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, we primarily use interest rate swaps as part of our
interest rate risk management strategy.        In July
2015, we entered into three interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of $300.0 million, all with effective dates in August 2015, and designated them as cash flow hedges in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815,
“ Derivatives and Hedging .” We structured these swap agreements to attempt to hedge the variability of future interest payments due to changes in interest rates prior to us issuing the 4.875% senior notes (see Note 10). In August
2015, we elected to terminate these agreements and paid a $6.2 million cash settlement, which was recorded to accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and is being amortized to interest expense
throughout the remaining term of the terminated hedge transaction until August 2025. There was no hedge ineffectiveness for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. We reclassified $0.6 million and $0.2 million for the years ended
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense. During the next twelve months, we estimate that $0.6 million will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to
interest expense.        In March 2011, we entered into
five interest rate swap agreements, all with effective dates in October 2011, and immediately designated them as cash flow hedges in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815. The purpose of  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
these interest rate swap agreements is to attempt to hedge potential changes to our cash flows due to the variable interest nature of our senior term loan facilities. The total notional amount of
these interest rate swap agreements is $400.0 million, with $200.0 million expiring in October 2017 and $200.0 million expiring in September 2019. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized
directly in earnings. There was no significant hedge ineffectiveness for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges is
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the balance sheet and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. We reclassified $10.7 million, $11.9 million and
$12.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively, from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense. During the next twelve months, we estimate that $7.8 million will be reclassified from
accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense. In addition, we recorded net losses of $2.4 million, $6.5 million and $9.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, to other
comprehensive loss in relation to such interest rate swap agreements. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair values of such interest rate swap agreements were reflected as a $13.2 million liability and a $21.5 million liability,
respectively, and were included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.      
 Additionally, our foreign operations expose us to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. These fluctuations may impact the value of our
cash receipts and payments in terms of our functional (reporting) currency, which is U.S. dollars. We enter into derivative financial instruments to attempt to protect the value or fix the amount of certain obligations in terms of our reporting
currency, the U.S. dollar. In March 2014, we began a foreign currency exchange forward hedging program (which expired in December 2016) by entering into foreign currency exchange forward contracts, including agreements to buy U.S. dollars and sell
Australian dollars, British pound sterling, Canadian dollars, euros and Japanese yen. The purpose of these forward contracts was to attempt to mitigate the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that would adversely impact some of
our foreign currency denominated EBITDA. Hedge accounting was not elected for any of these contracts. As such, changes in the fair values of these contracts were recorded directly in earnings. Included in the consolidated statement of operations
were net gains of $7.7 million, $24.2 million and $5.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, resulting from net gains on foreign currency exchange forward contracts. As of December 31,
2016, we had no foreign currency exchange forward contracts outstanding as the program has expired. As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of forward contracts with six counterparties aggregated to an $8.9 million asset position, which
was included in other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2015, the fair value of forward contracts with two counterparties aggregated to a $1.1 million liability position, which was included
in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.        We also routinely monitor our exposure to currency exchange rate changes in connection with certain transactions and sometimes enter into foreign currency exchange option and forward contracts to limit
our exposure to such transactions, as appropriate. In the ordinary course of business, we also sometimes utilize derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency exchange contracts to attempt to mitigate foreign currency exchange
exposure resulting from intercompany loans. The net impact on our financial position and earnings resulting from these foreign currency exchange forward and options contracts has not been significant.  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  7. Property and Equipment  
     Property and equipment consists of the following (dollars in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 Useful Lives 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Computer hardware and software 
    
   
 3-10 years 
   
    
 $ 
 683,738 
   
   
 $ 
 583,963 
   
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   
 1-15  years 
   
    
   
 342,940 
   
   
   
 312,448 
   
 
   Furniture and equipment 
    
   
 1-10  years 
   
    
   
 247,768 
   
   
   
 237,734 
   
 
   Equipment under capital leases 
    
   
 3-5  years 
   
    
   
 10,755 
   
   
   
 10,643 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total cost 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,285,201 
   
   
   
 1,144,788 
   
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (724,445 
 )  
   
   
 (614,965 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 560,756 
   
   
 $ 
 529,823 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Depreciation and amortization
expense associated with property and equipment was $151.2 million, $137.2 million and $122.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.        During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded an impairment loss related to property and equipment
of $8.6 million (see Note 5 for additional information). We did not recognize any significant impairment losses related to property and equipment in 2016 and 2015.  
     8. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
     The following table summarizes the changes in the carrying
amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
   Americas 
   
   
 EMEA 
   
   
 Asia Pacific 
   
   
 Global Investment Management 
   
   
 Development Services 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance as of December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
 $ 
 1,828,135 
   
   
 $ 
 836,054 
   
   
 $ 
 151,682 
   
   
 $ 
 499,793 
   
   
 $ 
 86,663 
   
   
 $ 
 3,402,327 
   
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
   
   
 (798,290 
 )  
   
   
 (138,631 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (44,922 
 )  
   
   
 (86,663 
 )  
   
   
 (1,068,506 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 1,029,845 
   
   
   
 697,423 
   
   
   
 151,682 
   
   
   
 454,871 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,333,821 
   
 
   Purchase accounting entries related to acquisitions 
   
   
 434,452 
   
   
   
 408,491 
   
   
   
 16,733 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 859,676 
   
 
   Foreign exchange movement 
   
   
 (2,511 
 )  
   
   
 (72,395 
 )  
   
   
 (12,540 
 )  
   
   
 (20,054 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (107,500 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 2,260,076 
   
   
   
 1,172,150 
   
   
   
 155,875 
   
   
   
 479,739 
   
   
   
 86,663 
   
   
   
 4,154,503 
   
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
   
   
 (798,290 
 )  
   
   
 (138,631 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (44,922 
 )  
   
   
 (86,663 
 )  
   
   
 (1,068,506 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 1,461,786 
   
   
   
 1,033,519 
   
   
   
 155,875 
   
   
   
 434,817 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,085,997 
   
 
   Purchase accounting entries related to acquisitions 
   
   
 42,080 
   
   
   
 36,929 
   
   
   
 (3,922 
 )  
   
   
 350 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 75,437 
   
 
   Foreign exchange movement 
   
   
 773 
   
   
   
 (161,784 
 )  
   
   
 (1,247 
 )  
   
   
 (17,784 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (180,042 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2016 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 2,302,929 
   
   
   
 1,047,295 
   
   
   
 150,706 
   
   
   
 462,305 
   
   
   
 86,663 
   
   
   
 4,049,898 
   
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
   
   
 (798,290 
 )  
   
   
 (138,631 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (44,922 
 )  
   
   
 (86,663 
 )  
   
   
 (1,068,506 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,504,639 
   
   
 $ 
 908,664 
   
   
 $ 
 150,706 
   
   
 $ 
 417,383 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 2,981,392 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  During 2016, we acquired our independent affiliate in Norway, a London-based retail
property advisor specializing in the luxury goods retail sector and a leading provider of retail project management, shopping center development and tenant coordination services in the U.S. During 2015, we completed eight  in-fill  acquisitions, including a Seattle-based leader in capital markets services for affordable housing, a Texas-based commercial real estate firm specializing in retail services, an energy management specialist
based in Brookfield, Wisconsin, a Chicago-based location data analytics firm, one of the leading retail real estate services firms in the Midwestern U.S., an advisory, consulting and research firm specializing in the Canadian hospitality and tourism
industries and our former independent affiliate companies in Columbia, South Carolina, and Memphis, Tennessee.      
 Our annual assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives has historically been completed as of the
beginning of the fourth quarter of each year. We performed the 2016, 2015 and 2014 assessments as of October 1. When we performed our required annual goodwill impairment review as of October 1, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we determined that no
impairment existed as the estimated fair value of our reporting units was in excess of their carrying value.      
 Other intangible assets totaled $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion, net of accumulated amortization of $771.7 million and
$589.2 million, as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and are comprised of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   


 
   Unamortizable intangible assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Management contracts 
    
 $ 
 101,355 
   
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 103,143 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Trademarks 
    
   
 56,800 
   
    
 
 
 
   
   
 56,800 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Trade names 
    
   
 18,100 
   
    
 
 
 
   
   
 20,400 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 176,255 
   
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 180,343 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Amortizable intangible assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Customer relationships 
    
 $ 
 761,290 
   
    
 $ 
 (270,447 
 )  
   
 $ 
 746,814 
   
    
 $ 
 (195,056 
 )  
 
   Mortgage servicing rights 
    
   
 501,087 
   
    
   
 (180,563 
 )  
   
   
 377,995 
   
    
   
 (133,272 
 )  
 
   Trademarks/Trade name 
    
   
 306,559 
   
    
   
 (46,837 
 )  
   
   
 320,306 
   
    
   
 (38,581 
 )  
 
   Management contracts 
    
   
 177,014 
   
    
   
 (99,733 
 )  
   
   
 180,099 
   
    
   
 (87,687 
 )  
 
   Covenant not to compete 
    
   
 73,750 
   
    
   
 (32,777 
 )  
   
   
 73,750 
   
    
   
 (8,194 
 )  
 
   Backlog and incentive fees 
    
   
 48,445 
   
    
   
 (48,445 
 )  
   
   
 49,667 
   
    
   
 (49,667 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 138,312 
   
    
   
 (92,871 
 )  
   
   
 110,731 
   
    
   
 (76,779 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,006,457 
   
    
 $ 
 (771,673 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,859,362 
   
    
 $ 
 (589,236 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 2,182,712 
   
    
 $ 
 (771,673 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,039,705 
   
    
 $ 
 (589,236 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Unamortizable intangible
assets include management contracts identified as a result of the REIM Acquisitions relating to relationships with  open-end  funds, a trademark separately identified as a result of the 2001 Acquisition and a
trade name separately identified in connection with the REIM Acquisitions, which represents the Clarion Partners trade name in the U.S. These intangible assets have indefinite useful lives and accordingly are not being amortized.  
   
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Customer relationships relate to existing relationships mainly in the brokerage,
occupier outsourcing and property management lines of business that were primarily identified in the Trammell Crow Company Acquisition, the Norland Acquisition and the GWS Acquisition. These intangible assets are being amortized over useful lives of
up to 20 years.        Mortgage servicing rights
represent the carrying value of servicing assets in our mortgage brokerage line of business in the U.S. The mortgage servicing rights are being amortized over the estimated period that net servicing income is expected to be received, which is
typically up to ten years.        In connection with the
GWS Acquisition, trademarks of approximately $280 million were separately identified and are being amortized over 20 years. A trade name of approximately $35 million was separately identified as a result of the Norland Acquisition and was
fully amortized as of December 31, 2015.      
 Management contracts consist primarily of asset management contracts relating to relationships with
 closed-end  funds and separate accounts in the U.S., Europe and Asia that were separately identified as a result of the REIM Acquisitions. These management contracts are being amortized over useful lives of up
to 13 years.        A covenant not to compete of
approximately $74 million was separately identified in connection with the GWS Acquisition and is being amortized over three years.      
 Other amortizable intangible assets mainly represent transition costs and are being amortized over useful lives of up to 20 years.
       Amortization expense related to intangible assets
was $211.7 million, $175.3 million and $138.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The estimated annual amortization expense for each of the years ending December 31, 2017 through
December 31, 2021 approximates $206.7 million, $186.0 million, $132.9 million, $111.8 million and $97.4 million, respectively.      
 9. Investments in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries      
 Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Our investment ownership percentages
in equity method investments vary, generally ranging up to 5.0% in our Global Investment Management segment, up to 10.0% in our Development Services segment, and up to 50.0% in our other business segments.  
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Combined condensed financial information for the entities actually accounted for using
the equity method is as follows (dollars in thousands):        Condensed Balance Sheets Information:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Global Investment Management: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current assets 
    
 $ 
 1,787,277 
   
    
 $ 
 922,015 
   
 
   Non-current  assets 
    
   
 13,711,080 
   
    
   
 7,362,818 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 15,498,357 
   
    
 $ 
 8,284,833 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1,237,589 
   
    
 $ 
 239,077 
   
 
   Non-current  liabilities 
    
   
 4,402,376 
   
    
   
 3,540,059 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 5,639,965 
   
    
 $ 
 3,779,136 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Development Services: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Real estate 
    
 $ 
 2,629,606 
   
    
 $ 
 2,184,509 
   
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 209,997 
   
    
   
 173,808 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 2,839,603 
   
    
 $ 
 2,358,317 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Notes payable on real estate 
    
 $ 
 1,046,440 
   
    
 $ 
 809,163 
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 275,150 
   
    
   
 266,735 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1,321,590 
   
    
 $ 
 1,075,898 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Other: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current assets 
    
 $ 
 69,466 
   
    
 $ 
 58,160 
   
 
   Non-current  assets 
    
   
 38,318 
   
    
   
 24,730 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 107,784 
   
    
 $ 
 82,890 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities 
    
 $ 
 46,623 
   
    
 $ 
 39,940 
   
 
   Non-current  liabilities 
    
   
 1,668 
   
    
   
 3,350 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 48,291 
   
    
 $ 
 43,290 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-controlling  interests 
    
 $ 
 31,265 
   
    
 $ 
 1,238 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Total: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
    
 $ 
 18,445,744 
   
    
 $ 
 10,726,040 
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 7,009,846 
   
    
 $ 
 4,898,324 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interests 
    
 $ 
 31,265 
   
    
 $ 
 1,238 
   
 
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Condensed Statements of Operations Information:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Global Investment Management: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,184,573 
   
    
 $ 
 585,495 
   
    
 $ 
 894,725 
   
 
   Operating income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 209,230 
   
    
 $ 
 (414,538 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (307,133 
 )  
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 122,560 
   
    
 $ 
 (481,405 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (320,206 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Development Services: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 85,594 
   
    
 $ 
 62,191 
   
    
 $ 
 39,753 
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 292,141 
   
    
 $ 
 251,557 
   
    
 $ 
 63,181 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 269,841 
   
    
 $ 
 240,034 
   
    
 $ 
 54,468 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 156,035 
   
    
 $ 
 169,078 
   
    
 $ 
 165,196 
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 26,500 
   
    
 $ 
 30,566 
   
    
 $ 
 31,085 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 26,350 
   
    
 $ 
 31,050 
   
    
 $ 
 31,532 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,426,202 
   
    
 $ 
 816,764 
   
    
 $ 
 1,099,674 
   
 
   Operating income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 527,871 
   
    
 $ 
 (132,415 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (212,867 
 )  
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 418,751 
   
    
 $ 
 (210,321 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (234,206 
 )  
       During the year ended
December 31, 2014, we recorded  non-cash  write-downs of investments of $3.6 million within our Global Investment Management segment (see Note 5), all of which were included in equity income from
unconsolidated subsidiaries in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.        Our Global Investment Management segment invests our own capital in certain real estate investments with clients. We have provided investment management, property management, brokerage and other
professional services in connection with these real estate investments on an arm’s length basis and earned revenues from these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $86.8 million, $98.1 million and $140.6 million during the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  10. Long-Term Debt and Short-Term Borrowings  
     Total long-term debt and short-term borrowings consist of
the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Long-Term Debt: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Senior term loans, with interest ranging from 1.39% to 2.22%, due from 2016 through 2022 
    
 $ 
 751,875 
   
   
 $ 
 888,125 
   
 
   5.00% senior notes due in 2023 
    
   
 800,000 
   
   
   
 800,000 
   
 
   4.875% senior notes due in 2026, net of unamortized discount 
    
   
 595,912 
   
   
   
 595,568 
   
 
   5.25% senior notes due in 2025, net of unamortized premium 
    
   
 426,500 
   
   
   
 426,682 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 14 
   
   
   
 63 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term debt 
    
   
 2,574,301 
   
   
   
 2,710,438 
   
 
   Less: current maturities of long-term debt 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (34,428 
 )  
 
   Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (26,164 
 )  
   
   
 (30,899 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term debt, net of current maturities 
    
 $ 
 2,548,126 
   
   
 $ 
 2,645,111 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Short-Term Borrowings: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.60%, and a
maturity date of May 25, 2017 
    
 $ 
 318,555 
   
   
 $ 
 632,950 
   
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.35% with LIBOR
floor of 0.35%, and no maturity date 
    
   
 311,160 
   
   
   
 21,750 
   
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.45%, and a
maturity date of October 23, 2017 
    
   
 275,945 
   
   
   
 241,834 
   
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.45% to 1.55%, and
a maturity date of July 27, 2017 
    
   
 191,193 
   
   
   
 424,789 
   
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.35%, and a
maturity date of June 30, 2017 
    
   
 154,032 
   
   
   
 417,521 
   
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 2.75%, and a
maturity date of October 23, 2017 
    
   
 3,768 
   
   
   
 11,937 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total warehouse lines of credit 
    
   
 1,254,653 
   
   
   
 1,750,781 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 16 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 1,254,669 
   
   
 $ 
 1,750,797 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Future annual aggregate
maturities of total consolidated gross debt (excluding unamortized discount, premium and deferred financing costs) at December 31, 2016 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 2017—$1,254,680; 2018—$0; 2019—$139,123;
2020—$525,005; 2021—$29,250 and $1,883,500 thereafter.        Long-Term Debt        We maintain credit facilities with third-party lenders, which we use for a variety of purposes. On March 28, 2013, CBRE Services, our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a credit agreement (2013
Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks led by Credit Suisse AG (CS) as administrative and collateral agent, to completely refinance a previous credit agreement. On January 9, 2015, CBRE Services entered into an amended and restated credit
agreement (2015 Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks jointly led by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and CS. In January 2015, we used the proceeds from
 
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
the tranche A term loan facility under the 2015 Credit Agreement and from the December 2014 issuance of $125.0 million of 5.25% senior notes due 2025, along with cash on hand, to pay off the
prior tranche A and tranche B term loans and the balance on our revolving credit facility under the 2013 Credit Agreement. On September 3, 2015, CBRE Services entered into an incremental assumption agreement with a syndicate of banks jointly
led by Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and CS to establish new tranche  B-1  and tranche  B-2  term loan facilities under the 2015 Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal
amount of $400.0 million. On March 21, 2016, CBRE Services executed an amendment to the 2015 Credit Agreement that, among other things, extended the maturity on the revolving credit facility to March 2021 and increased the borrowing
capacity under the revolving credit facility by $200.0 million.        The 2015 Credit Agreement is an unsecured credit facility that is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2016, the 2015
Credit Agreement provided for the following: (1) a $2.8 billion revolving credit facility, which includes the capacity to obtain letters of credit and swingline loans and matures on March 21, 2021; (2) a $500.0 million tranche A
term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on June 30, 2015 and continue through maturity on January 9, 2020; (3) a $270.0 million tranche  B-1  term loan facility
requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on December 31, 2015 and continue through maturity on September 3, 2020; and (4) a $130.0 million tranche  B-2  term loan facility
requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on December 31, 2015 and continue through maturity on September 3, 2022.      
 Borrowings under the term loan facilities under the 2015 Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2016 bear interest, based at our option,
on the following: for the tranche A term loan facility, on either (1) the applicable fixed rate plus 0.95% to 1.25% or (2) the daily rate plus 0.0% to 0.25%, in each case as determined by reference to our Credit Rating (as defined in the
2015 Credit Agreement); for the tranche  B-1  term loan facility, on either (1) the applicable fixed rate plus 0.95% to 1.25% or (2) the daily rate plus 0.0% to 0.25%, in each case as determined by
reference to our Credit Rating (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement); and for the tranche  B-2  term loan facility, on either (1) the applicable fixed rate plus 1.40% to 1.70% or (2) the daily rate
plus 0.40% to 0.70%, in each case as determined by reference to our Credit Rating (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement). On November 1, 2016, we prepaid a total of $101.9 million of the 2017 and 2018 required amortization on our senior
term loans under our 2015 Credit Agreement, which included $59.4 million for the tranche A term loan facility, $28.7 million for the tranche  B-1  term loan facility and $13.8 million for the
tranche  B-2  term loan facility. As of December 31, 2016, we had $744.3 million of term loan borrowings outstanding, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, under the 2015 Credit Agreement (consisting
of $404.6 million of tranche A term loan facility, $229.4 million of tranche  B-1  term loan facility and $110.3 million of tranche  B-2  term loan facility),
which was included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2015, we had $877.9 million of term loan borrowings outstanding, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, under the 2015 Credit Agreement (consisting of
$484.0 million of tranche A term loan facility, $265.9 million of tranche  B-1  term loan facility and $128.0 million of tranche  B-2  term loan facility),
which are also included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.        On August 13, 2015, CBRE Services issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due March 1, 2026 at a price equal to 99.24% of their face value. The 4.875%
senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE Services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. The 4.875% senior notes are jointly and
severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of CBRE Services that guarantees our 2015 Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 4.875% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and
September 1, with the first interest payment made on March 1, 2016. The 4.875% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, prior to December 1, 2025 at a redemption price equal to the
 
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the 4.875% senior notes to be redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest
thereon to December 1, 2025 (not including any portions of payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis at the Adjusted Treasury Rate (as defined in the indenture
governing these notes). In addition, at any time on or after December 1, 2025, the 4.875% senior notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, to (but excluding) the date of redemption. If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing these notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 4.875% senior notes at a
redemption price of 101.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. The amount of the 4.875% senior notes, net of unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets was $591.2 million and $590.5 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      
 On September 26, 2014, CBRE Services issued $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due
March 15, 2025. On December 12, 2014, CBRE Services issued an additional $125.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due March 15, 2025 at a price equal to 101.5% of their face value, plus interest deemed
to have accrued from September 26, 2014. The 5.25% senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE Services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured
indebtedness. The 5.25% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each domestic subsidiary of CBRE Services that guarantees our 2015 Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 5.25% per year and is
payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15, with the first interest payment made on March 15, 2015. The 5.25% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, prior to December 15, 2024 at a
redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the 5.25% senior notes to be redeemed and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon to December 15,
2024 (not including any portions of payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis at the Adjusted Treasury Rate (as defined in the indentures governing these notes). In
addition, at any time on or after December 15, 2024, the 5.25% senior notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to (but excluding)
the date of redemption. If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing these notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 5.25% senior notes at a redemption price of 101.0% of the
principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase. The amount of the 5.25% senior notes, net of unamortized premium and unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
was $422.2 million and $422.0 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.        On March 14, 2013, CBRE Services issued $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior notes due March 15, 2023. The 5.00% senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE
Services, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. The 5.00% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and
each domestic subsidiary of CBRE Services that guarantees our 2015 Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 5.00% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15, with the first interest payment
made on September 15, 2013. The 5.00% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, on or after March 15, 2018 at a redemption price of 102.5% of the principal amount on that date and at declining prices thereafter. At
any time prior to March 15, 2016, we could have redeemed up to 35.0% of the original principal amount of the 5.00% senior notes using the net cash proceeds from certain public offerings, which we did not elect to do. In addition, at any time
prior to March 15, 2018, the 5.00% senior notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid  
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
interest, if any, to the date of redemption, and an applicable premium (as defined in the indenture governing these notes), which is based on the excess of the present value of the March 15,
2018 redemption price plus all remaining interest payments through March 15, 2018, over the principal amount of the 5.00% senior notes on such redemption date. If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing these
notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 5.00% senior notes at a redemption price of 101.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The amount of the 5.00% senior notes, net of
unamortized debt issuance costs, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets was $790.4 million and $789.1 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.        Our 2015 Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our 5.00% senior notes, 4.875% senior notes and 5.25%
senior notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make distributions to stockholders, repurchase capital stock or debt, make investments, sell assets or
subsidiary stock, create or permit liens on assets, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into sale/leaseback transactions, issue subsidiary equity and enter into consolidations or mergers. Our 2015 Credit Agreement also requires us to
maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) to total interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the 2015 Credit Agreement) of 4.25x as
of the end of each fiscal quarter. On this basis, our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was 12.73x for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.18x as of
December 31, 2016.        On October 8, 2010,
CBRE Services issued $350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% senior notes due October 15, 2020. We redeemed these notes in full on October 27, 2014 in accordance with the provisions of the notes and associated
indenture.        Short-Term Borrowings
       We had short-term borrowings of
$1.3 billion and $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, with related weighted average interest rates of 2.1% and 1.9%, respectively, which are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
     Revolving Credit Facility  
     The revolving credit facility under the 2015 Credit
Agreement allows for borrowings outside of the U.S., with a $75.0 million  sub-facility  available to one of our Canadian subsidiaries, a $100.0 million
 sub-facility  available to one of our Australian subsidiaries and one of our New Zealand subsidiaries and a $300.0 million  sub-facility  available to one of our U.K.
subsidiaries. Additionally, outstanding borrowings under these  sub-facilities  may be up to 5.0% higher as allowed under the currency fluctuation provision in the 2015 Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the
revolving credit facility bear interest at varying rates, based at our option, on either (1) the applicable fixed rate plus 0.85% to 1.00% or (2) the daily rate, in each case as determined by reference to our Credit Rating (as defined in
the 2015 Credit Agreement). The 2015 Credit Agreement requires us to pay a fee based on the total amount of the revolving credit facility commitment (whether used or unused) and as of both December 31, 2016 and 2015, no amounts were outstanding
under our revolving credit facility other than letters of credit totaling $2.0 million. These letters of credit, which reduce the amount we may borrow under the revolving credit facility, were primarily issued in the ordinary course of
business.        Warehouse Lines of Credit
       Our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital
Markets, has the following warehouse lines of credit: credit agreements with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JP Morgan), Bank of America (BofA), TD Bank, N.A.  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
(TD Bank), and Capital One, N.A. (Capital One), for the purpose of funding mortgage loans that will be resold, and a funding arrangement with Fannie Mae for the purpose of selling a
percentage of certain closed multifamily loans to Fannie Mae. These warehouse lines are recourse only to CBRE Capital Markets and are secured by our related warehouse receivables.  
     On November 15, 2005, CBRE Capital Markets entered into
a secured credit agreement with JP Morgan to establish a warehouse line of credit. This agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2016 provides for a $1.0 billion line of credit and bears interest at the daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.45%. A portion of the line of credit totaling $300.0 million matured on February 28, 2017. The remainder, or $700.0 million, has a maturity date of October 23, 2017.
       On April 16, 2008, CBRE Capital Markets
entered into a secured credit agreement with BofA to establish a warehouse line of credit. This agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2016 provides for a $500.0 million line of credit and bears interest at the
daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.60%. A portion of the line of credit totaling $300.0 million matured on January 30, 2017. The remainder, or $200.0 million, has a maturity date of May 25, 2017.
       In August 2009, CBRE Capital Markets entered into
a funding arrangement with Fannie Mae under its Multifamily As Soon As Pooled Plus Agreement and its Multifamily As Soon As Pooled Sale Agreement (ASAP) Program. Under the ASAP Program, CBRE Capital Markets may elect, on a transaction by transaction
basis, to sell a percentage of certain closed multifamily loans to Fannie Mae on an expedited basis. After all contingencies are satisfied, the ASAP Program requires that CBRE Capital Markets repurchase the interest in the multifamily loan
previously sold to Fannie Mae followed by either a full delivery back to Fannie Mae via whole loan execution or a securitization into a mortgage backed security. Under this agreement, as of December 31, 2016, the maximum outstanding balance
under the ASAP Program cannot exceed $650.0 million and, between the sale date to Fannie Mae and the repurchase date by CBRE Capital Markets, the outstanding balance bears interest and is payable to Fannie Mae at the daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.35% with a LIBOR floor of 0.35%. A portion of the arrangement totaling $200.0 million expired on January 17, 2017. The rest of the arrangement remains in place but is cancelable at
any time by Fannie Mae with notice.        On
December 21, 2010, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a secured credit agreement with TD Bank to establish a warehouse line of credit. This agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2016 provides for a
$775.0 million line of credit and bears interest at the daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.35%. A portion of the line of credit totaling $375.0 million matured on February 28, 2017. The remainder, or
$400.0 million, has a maturity date of June 30, 2017.        On July 30, 2012, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a secured credit agreement with Capital One to establish a warehouse line of credit. This agreement has been amended several times and as of
December 31, 2016 provides for a $450.0 million line of credit and bears interest at the daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 1.45%. A portion of the line of credit totaling $250.0 million matured on
January 23, 2017. The remainder, or $200.0 million, has a maturity date of July 27, 2017.      
 On March 17, 2014, CBRE Capital Markets’ wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Business Lending, Inc., entered into a secured credit
agreement with JP Morgan to establish a line of credit. This agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2016 provides for a $25.0 million secured revolving line of credit, bears interest at daily  one-month  LIBOR plus 2.75% and has a maturity date of October 23, 2017.      
 During the year ended December 31, 2016, we had a maximum of $2.6 billion of warehouse lines of credit principal outstanding. As
of December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had $1.3 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, of  
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
warehouse lines of credit principal outstanding, which are included in short-term borrowings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  Non-cash 
activity totaling $496.1 million decreased the warehouse lines of credit, and $1.2 billion and $126.6 million increased the warehouse lines of credit during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Additionally,
we had $1.3 billion and $1.8 billion of mortgage loans held for sale (warehouse receivables) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, which substantially represented
mortgage loans funded through the lines of credit that were either under commitment to be purchased by Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) or had confirmed forward trade commitments for the issuance and purchase of Fannie Mae or
Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) mortgage backed securities that will be secured by the underlying loans.  Non-cash  activity totaling $494.0 million decreased the warehouse
receivables, and $1.3 billion and $128.7 million increased the warehouse receivables during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
     Other  
     On March 2, 2007, we entered into a $50.0 million
credit note with Wells Fargo Bank for the purpose of purchasing eligible investments, which include cash equivalents, agency securities, A1/P1 commercial paper and eligible money market funds. The proceeds of this note are not made generally
available to us, but instead are deposited in an investment account maintained by Wells Fargo Bank and used and applied solely to purchase eligible investment securities. This agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2016
provides for a $5.0 million revolving credit note, bears interest at 0.25% per year and has a maturity date of April 30, 2017. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no amounts outstanding under this note.  
     11. Commitments and Contingencies  
     We are a party to a number of pending or threatened lawsuits
arising out of, or incident to, our ordinary course of business. We believe that any losses in excess of the amounts accrued therefor as liabilities on our financial statements are unlikely to be significant, but litigation is inherently uncertain
and there is the potential for a material adverse effect on our financial statements if one or more matters are resolved in a particular period in an amount materially in excess of what we anticipated.  
     Our leases generally relate to office space that we occupy,
have varying terms and expire at various dates through 2030. The following is a schedule by year of future minimum lease payments for noncancellable operating leases as of December 31, 2016 (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2017 
    
 $ 
 216,370 
   
 
   2018 
    
   
 183,072 
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 164,231 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 145,820 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 133,644 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 406,281 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total minimum payment required 
    
 $ 
 1,249,418 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
       Total minimum payments for
noncancellable operating leases were not reduced by the minimum sublease rental income of $9.3 million due in the future under noncancellable subleases.  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Substantially all leases require us to pay maintenance costs, insurance and property
taxes. The composition of total rental expense under noncancellable operating leases consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Minimum rentals 
    
 $ 
 252,285 
   
    
 $ 
 236,965 
   
    
 $ 
 226,787 
   
 
   Less sublease rentals 
    
   
 (4,322 
 )  
    
   
 (4,673 
 )  
    
   
 (2,636 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 247,963 
   
    
 $ 
 232,292 
   
    
 $ 
 224,151 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       In January 2008, CBRE MCI, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of CBRE Capital Markets, entered into an agreement with Fannie Mae under Fannie Mae’s DUS Program to provide financing for multifamily housing with five or more units. Under the DUS Program, CBRE MCI originates,
underwrites, closes and services loans without prior approval by Fannie Mae, and in selected cases, is subject to sharing up to  one-third  of any losses on loans originated under the DUS Program. CBRE MCI has
funded loans subject to such loss sharing arrangements with unpaid principal balances of $16.6 billion at December 31, 2016. CBRE MCI, under its agreement with Fannie Mae, must post cash reserves or other acceptable collateral under
formulas established by Fannie Mae to provide for sufficient capital in the event losses occur. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, CBRE MCI had a $45.0 million and a $35.0 million, respectively, letter of credit under this reserve
arrangement, and had provided approximately $28.2 million and $21.8 million, respectively, of loan loss accruals. Fannie Mae’s recourse under the DUS Program is limited to the assets of CBRE MCI, which assets totaled approximately
$798.8 million (including $588.5 million of warehouse receivables, a substantial majority of which are pledged against warehouse lines of credit and are therefore not available to Fannie Mae) at December 31, 2016.  
     We had outstanding letters of credit totaling
$50.9 million as of December 31, 2016, excluding letters of credit for which we have outstanding liabilities already accrued on our consolidated balance sheet related to our subsidiaries’ outstanding reserves for claims under certain
insurance programs as well as letters of credit related to operating leases. CBRE MCI’s letter of credit totaling $45.0 million as of December 31, 2016 referred to in the preceding paragraph represented the majority of the
$50.9 million outstanding letters of credit as of such date. The remaining letters of credit are primarily executed by us in the ordinary course of business and expire at varying dates through November 2017.  
     We had guarantees totaling $56.6 million as of
December 31, 2016, excluding guarantees related to pension liabilities, consolidated indebtedness and other obligations for which we have outstanding liabilities already accrued on our consolidated balance sheet, and excluding guarantees
related to operating leases. The $56.6 million primarily represents guarantees executed by us in the ordinary course of business, including various guarantees of management and vendor contracts in our operations overseas, which expire at the
end of each of the respective agreements.        In
addition, as of December 31, 2016, we had issued numerous  non-recourse  carveout, completion and budget guarantees relating to development projects for the benefit of third parties. These guarantees are
commonplace in our industry and are made by us in the ordinary course of our Development Services business.  Non-recourse  carveout guarantees generally require that our project-entity borrower not commit
specified improper acts, with us potentially liable for all or a portion of such entity’s indebtedness or other damages suffered by the lender if those acts occur. Completion and budget guarantees generally require us to complete construction
of the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. However, we generally use “guaranteed maximum price”
contracts with reputable, bondable general contractors with respect to projects for  
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
which we provide these guarantees. These contracts are intended to pass the risk to such contractors. While there can be no assurance, we do not expect to incur any material losses under these
guarantees.        An important part of the strategy for
our Global Investment Management business involves investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients. These  co-investments  generally total up to 2.0% of the equity in a particular fund.
As of December 31, 2016, we had aggregate commitments of $31.6 million to fund future  co-investments.       
 Additionally, an important part of our Development Services business strategy is to invest in unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries as a
principal (in most cases  co-investing  with our clients). As of December 31, 2016, we had committed to fund $23.0 million of additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries.  
     12. Employee Benefit Plans  
     Stock Incentive Plans  
     Second Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive
Plan.  Our 2004 stock incentive plan was adopted by our board of directors and approved by our stockholders on April 21, 2004, and was amended several times subsequently. The 2004 stock incentive plan authorized the grant of
stock-based awards to our employees, directors or independent contractors. However, our 2004 stock incentive plan was terminated in May 2012 in connection with the adoption of our 2012 equity incentive plan, which is described below. At
termination, all unissued shares from the 2004 stock incentive plan were allocated to the 2012 equity incentive plan for potential future issuance. Since our 2004 stock incentive plan has been terminated, no new awards may be granted under it.
However, as of December 31, 2016, outstanding stock options granted under the 2004 stock incentive plan to acquire 26,076 shares of our Class A common stock remain outstanding according to their terms, and we will continue to issue shares
to the extent required under the terms of such outstanding awards. Shares underlying awards that expire, terminate or lapse under the 2004 stock incentive plan will become available for grant under the 2012 equity incentive plan. 
     2012 Equity Incentive Plan.  Our 2012 equity
incentive plan was adopted by our board of directors and approved by our stockholders on May 8, 2012. The 2012 equity incentive plan authorizes the grant of stock-based awards to our employees, directors or independent contractors. Unless
terminated earlier, the 2012 equity incentive plan will terminate on February 13, 2022. A total of 16,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock plus 2,205,887 unissued shares that remained under the 2004 stock incentive plan were
reserved for issuance under the 2012 equity incentive plan. Additionally, shares underlying awards that expire, terminate or lapse under the 2012 equity incentive plan or under the 2004 stock incentive plan will become available for issuance
under the 2012 equity incentive plan. No person is eligible to be granted performance-based awards in the aggregate covering more than 3,300,000 shares during any fiscal year or cash awards in excess of $5.0 million for any fiscal
year. The number of shares issued or reserved pursuant to the 2012 equity incentive plan, or pursuant to outstanding awards, is subject to adjustment on account of a stock split of our outstanding shares, stock dividend, dividend payable in a
form other than shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of the shares, consolidation, combination or reclassification of the shares, recapitalization,  spin-off,  or other similar
occurrence. Stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the 2012 equity incentive plan are subject to a maximum term of ten years from the date of grant. Restricted share and restricted stock unit (RSU) awards that have only
time-based service vesting conditions are generally subject to a minimum three year vesting schedule. Restricted share and RSU awards that have performance-based vesting conditions are generally subject to a minimum one year vesting schedule. As of
December 31, 2016, assuming the maximum number of shares under our performance-based awards will later be issued, 10,232,486 shares remained available for future grants under this plan.  
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Stock Options        As of December 31, 2016, no shares were subject to options issued under our 2012 equity incentive plan. No
options were granted during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. All options that have been granted under the 2004 stock incentive plan have a term of five or seven years from the date of grant.  
     The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during
the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $1.6 million, $13.1 million and $7.6 million, respectively. We recorded cash received from stock option exercises of $0.9 million, $7.5 million and $6.2 million
during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and related tax benefit of $0.4 million, $2.3 million and $1.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Upon option
exercise, we issue new shares of stock. Excess tax benefits exist when the tax deduction resulting from the exercise of options exceeds the compensation cost recorded.  
     Non-Vested  Stock
Awards        We have issued  non-vested  stock awards, including restricted stock units and restricted shares, in our Class A common stock to certain of our employees, independent contractors and members of our board of directors. The
following is a summary of the awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the year ended December 31, 2016, we granted RSUs that are performance vesting in nature, with 60,098 reflecting the maximum number of RSUs
that may be issued if all of the performance targets are satisfied at their highest levels, and 1,436,310 RSUs that are time vesting in nature.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the year ended December 31, 2015, we granted RSUs that are performance vesting in nature, with 1,281,267 reflecting the maximum number of
RSUs that may be issued if all of the performance targets are satisfied at their highest levels, and 1,535,940 RSUs that are time vesting in nature.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the year ended December 31, 2014, we granted RSUs that are performance vesting in nature, with 1,027,786 reflecting the maximum number of
RSUs that may be issued if all of the performance targets are satisfied at their highest levels, and 1,604,744 RSUs that are time vesting in nature.  
     Our performance-vesting awards generally vest in full three
years from the grant date, based on our achievement against various adjusted income per share performance targets, or in some cases against adjusted EBITDA performance targets of our consolidated business, business lines or regions. Our time-vesting
awards generally vest 25% per year over four years from the grant date.  
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  A summary of the status of our  non-vested  stock
awards is presented in the table below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares / Units 
   
    
 Weighted Average Market Value Per Share 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 7,541,509 
   
    
 $ 
 20.76 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 2,118,637 
   
    
   
 30.78 
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (1,976,587 
 )  
    
   
 19.02 
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (141,463 
 )  
    
   
 20.15 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 7,542,096 
   
    
   
 22.53 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 2,195,638 
   
    
   
 36.80 
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (2,033,263 
 )  
    
   
 21.29 
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (237,406 
 )  
    
   
 26.10 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 7,467,065 
   
    
   
 29.08 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 1,496,408 
   
    
   
 29.24 
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (3,840,379 
 )  
    
   
 25.09 
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (279,821 
 )  
    
   
 28.62 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
    
   
 4,843,273 
   
    
   
 31.66 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
       Total compensation expense
related to  non-vested  stock awards was $63.5 million, $74.7 million and $59.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. At December 31, 2016, total
unrecognized estimated compensation cost related to  non-vested  stock awards was approximately $101.0 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 1.7 years.
       Bonuses.  We have bonus programs covering
select employees, including senior management. Awards are based on the position and performance of the employee and the achievement of  pre-established  financial, operating and strategic objectives. The amounts
charged to expense for bonuses were $248.1 million, $231.9 million and $206.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
     401(k) Plan.  Our CBRE 401(k) Plan (401(k) Plan) is a
defined contribution savings plan that allows participant deferrals under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Most of our U.S. employees, other than qualified real estate agents having the status of independent contractors under section
3508 of the Internal Revenue Code, are eligible to participate in the plan. The 401(k) Plan provides for participant contributions as well as a company match. A participant is allowed to contribute to the 401(k) Plan from 1% to 75% of his or her
compensation, subject to limits imposed by applicable law. Effective January 1, 2007, all participants hired post January 1, 2007 vest in company match contributions 20% per year for each plan year they work 1,000 hours. All participants
hired before January 1, 2007 are immediately vested in company match contributions. For 2016, 2015, and 2014, we contributed a 50% match on the first 6%, 5% and 4%, respectively, of annual compensation (up to $150,000 of compensation) deferred
by each participant. In connection with the 401(k) Plan, we charged to expense $44.3 million, $29.0 million and $21.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
     Participants are entitled to invest up to 25% of their 401(k)
account balance in shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2016, approximately 1.3 million shares of our common stock were held as investments by participants in our 401(k) Plan.  
     Pension Plans.  We have two contributory defined
benefit pension plans in the United Kingdom (U.K.). The London-based firm of Hillier Parker May & Rowden, which we acquired in 1998, had a contributory defined  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
benefit pension plan. A subsidiary of Insignia, which we acquired in connection with the Insignia Acquisition in 2003, also had a contributory defined benefit pension plan in the U.K. Our
subsidiaries based in the U.K. maintain the plans to provide retirement benefits to existing and former employees participating in these plans. With respect to these plans, our historical policy has been to contribute annually to the plans, an
amount to fund pension liabilities as actuarially determined and as required by applicable laws and regulations. Our contributions to these plans are invested by the plan trustee and, if these investments do not perform well in the future, we may be
required to provide additional contributions to cover any pension underfunding. Effective July 1, 2007, we reached agreements with the active members of these plans to freeze future pension plan benefits. In return, the active members became
eligible to enroll in a defined contribution plan. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the fair values of pension plan assets were $286.6 million and $305.5 million, respectively, and the fair values of projected benefit
obligations in aggregate were $416.9 million and $377.5 million, respectively. As a result, the plans were underfunded by approximately $130.3 million and $72.0 million at December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively, and were recorded as net liabilities included in other long term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic pension (benefit) cost were
$209.6 million and $132.8 million at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Net periodic pension (benefit) cost was not
material for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.        13. Income Taxes        The components of income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Domestic 
    
 $ 
 536,869 
   
    
 $ 
 600,939 
   
    
 $ 
 537,271 
   
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 343,857 
   
    
   
 278,791 
   
    
   
 239,991 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 880,726 
   
    
 $ 
 879,730 
   
    
 $ 
 777,262 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Our tax provision (benefit)
consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Federal: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
 $ 
 172,380 
   
    
 $ 
 215,703 
   
    
 $ 
 173,110 
   
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 27,463 
   
    
   
 1,559 
   
    
   
 (333 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 199,843 
   
    
   
 217,262 
   
    
   
 172,777 
   
 
   State: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
   
 20,946 
   
    
   
 24,476 
   
    
   
 18,876 
   
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 375 
   
    
   
 861 
   
    
   
 669 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 21,321 
   
    
   
 25,337 
   
    
   
 19,545 
   
 
   Foreign: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
   
 94,909 
   
    
   
 91,048 
   
    
   
 87,769 
   
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 (19,411 
 )  
    
   
 (12,794 
 )  
    
   
 (16,332 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 75,498 
   
    
   
 78,254 
   
    
   
 71,437 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 296,662 
   
    
 $ 
 320,853 
   
    
 $ 
 263,759 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  The following is a reconciliation stated as a percentage of  pre-tax  income of the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to our effective tax rate:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   


 
   Federal statutory tax rate 
    
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
 
   State taxes, net of federal benefit 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 3 
   
 
   Change in valuation allowance 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Reserves for uncertain tax positions 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Non-deductible  expenses 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
   Foreign earnings repatriation 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interests 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Credits and exemptions 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Foreign rate differential 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective tax rate 
    
   
 34 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 34 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       During the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, we recorded a $0.4 million, $3.2 million and $2.2 million income tax benefit in connection with stock options exercised. Of this income tax benefit, $2.3 million and
$1.2 million was charged directly to additional  paid-in  capital within the equity section of the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in 2015 and 2014, respectively. With our adoption of  ASU 2016-09  in the third quarter of 2016, which has been applied on a prospective basis to settlements of share-based payment awards occurring on or after January 1, 2016, excess tax benefits for 2016 have
been recognized as income tax benefits in the income statement rather than to additional  paid-in  capital.      
 Cumulative tax effects of temporary differences are shown below at December 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Asset (Liability) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Bonus and deferred compensation 
    
 $ 
 265,043 
   
    
 $ 
 250,600 
   
 
   Bad debt and other reserves 
    
   
 75,620 
   
    
   
 59,257 
   
 
   Net operating losses (NOLs) and state tax credits 
    
   
 66,499 
   
    
   
 57,027 
   
 
   Foreign tax credits 
    
   
 53,976 
   
    
   
 53,976 
   
 
   Pension obligation 
    
   
 29,382 
   
    
   
 26,251 
   
 
   Unconsolidated affiliates 
    
   
 28,107 
   
    
   
 23,981 
   
 
   Derivative financial instruments 
    
   
 7,308 
   
    
   
 8,583 
   
 
   Investments 
    
   
 7,142 
   
    
   
 6,395 
   
 
   Property and equipment 
    
   
 (87,679 
 )  
    
   
 (80,925 
 )  
 
   Capitalized costs and intangibles 
    
   
 (307,301 
 )  
    
   
 (283,156 
 )  
 
   All other 
    
   
 2,049 
   
    
   
 4,574 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
    
   
 140,146 
   
    
   
 126,563 
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (105,541 
 )  
    
   
 (91,672 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 34,605 
   
    
 $ 
 34,891 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       As of December 31, 2016,
we had U.S. federal NOLs of approximately $39.1 million, translating to a deferred tax asset before valuation allowance of $13.7 million, which will begin to expire in 2023. As of  
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
December 31, 2016, there were also deferred tax assets before valuation allowances of approximately $2.9 million related to state NOLs as well as $48.6 million related to foreign
NOLs. The state and foreign NOLs both begin to expire in 2017, but the majority carry forward indefinitely. The utilization of NOLs may be subject to certain limitations under U.S. federal, state and foreign laws.  
     In addition, as of December 31, 2016, we had
$54.0 million of foreign income tax credits that can be utilized to offset U.S. federal income taxes on foreign-sourced earnings. These credits are scheduled to expire in 2023.        We determined that as of December 31, 2016, $105.5 million of deferred tax assets do not satisfy the
realization criteria set forth in Topic 740. Accordingly, a valuation allowance has been recorded for this amount. If released, the entire amount would result in a benefit to continuing operations. During the year ended December 31, 2016, our
valuation allowance increased by approximately $13.9 million. This resulted from establishment of valuation allowances of $16.9 million related to  non-U.S.  net operating losses and other foreign
assets and $0.9 million related to U.S. net operating losses and other U.S. assets. These increases were partially offset by $2.8 million of  non-U.S.  net operating loss utilization, $0.6 million
of U.S. net operating loss utilization and $0.5 million of foreign currency translation. We believe it is more likely than not that future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets
recorded net of these valuation allowances.        Our
foreign subsidiaries have accumulated $1.9 billion of undistributed earnings for which we have not recorded a deferred tax liability. Although tax liabilities might result from dividends being paid out of these earnings, or as a result of a
sale or liquidation of  non-U.S.  subsidiaries, these earnings are permanently reinvested outside of the U.S. and we do not have any plans to repatriate them or to sell or liquidate any of our  non-U.S.  subsidiaries. To the extent that we are able to repatriate the earnings in a tax efficient manner, we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds, net of foreign tax credits.
Determining our tax liability upon repatriation is not practicable. Cash and cash equivalents owned by  non-U.S.  subsidiaries totaled $408.9 million at December 31, 2016.  
     The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was
approximately $94.9 million and $92.5 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would affect our effective tax rate, if recognized, is $39.1 million
($35.7 million, net of federal benefit received from state positions) and $43.8 million ($40.7 million, net of federal benefit received from state positions) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
     A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Beginning balance, unrecognized tax benefits 
    
 $ 
 (92,538 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (66,984 
 )  
 
   Gross increases—tax positions in prior period 
    
   
 (514 
 )  
    
   
 (17,545 
 )  
 
   Gross decreases—tax positions in prior period 
    
   
 358 
   
    
   
 92 
   
 
   Gross increases—current-period tax positions 
    
   
 (4,237 
 )  
    
   
 (8,792 
 )  
 
   Decreases relating to settlements 
    
   
 2,541 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Reductions as a result of lapse of statute of limitations 
    
   
 235 
   
    
   
 688 
   
 
   Foreign exchange movement 
    
   
 (760 
 )  
    
   
 3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance, unrecognized tax benefits 
    
 $ 
 (94,915 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (92,538 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  We believe it is reasonably possible that between $61.6 million and
$63.1 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits will be settled during the next twelve months due to filing amended returns and settling ongoing exams.      
 Our continuing practice is to recognize potential accrued interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters within income tax
expense. During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we accrued an additional $2.9 million, $3.2 million and $3.0 million, respectively, in interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions. During the
year ended December 31, 2014, we reversed $10.5 million of accrued interest and penalties related to settled positions. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, we have recognized a liability for interest and penalties of $31.7 million
($24.3 million, net of related federal benefit received from interest expense) and $28.8 million ($22.1 million, net of related federal benefit received from interest expense), respectively.  
     We conduct business globally and, as a result, one or more of
our subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in multiple state, local and foreign jurisdictions. We are no longer open to assessment by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for years prior to 2005. With limited
exception, our significant state and foreign tax jurisdictions are no longer subject to audit by the various tax authorities for tax years prior to 2007.      
 14. Stockholders’ Equity      
 Our board of directors is authorized, subject to any limitations imposed by law, without the approval of our stockholders, to issue a
total of 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, with each such series having rights and preferences including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, as our board of
directors may determine.        We may repurchase shares
awarded to certain grant recipients under our various equity compensation plans to satisfy minimum statutory federal, state and local tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of their equity awards. During the years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, 332,799 and 242,461 shares, respectively, with an average price paid per share of $32.87 and $31.31, respectively, were repurchased relating thereto. No shares were repurchased during the year ended December 31,
2016.        On October 27, 2016, we announced that
our board of directors had authorized the company to repurchase up to an aggregate of $250 million of its Class A common stock over three years.  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  15. Income Per Share Information        The following is a calculation of income per share (dollars in thousands, except share data):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Basic Income Per Share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
    
 $ 
 547,132 
   
    
 $ 
 484,503 
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 335,414,831 
   
    
   
 332,616,301 
   
    
   
 330,620,206 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Basic income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 $ 
 1.71 
   
    
 $ 
 1.64 
   
    
 $ 
 1.47 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted Income Per Share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
    
 $ 
 547,132 
   
    
 $ 
 484,503 
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 335,414,831 
   
    
   
 332,616,301 
   
    
   
 330,620,206 
   
 
   Dilutive effect of contingently issuable shares 
    
   
 2,982,431 
   
    
   
 3,620,194 
   
    
   
 3,154,589 
   
 
   Dilutive effect of stock options 
    
   
 27,301 
   
    
   
 178,361 
   
    
   
 396,714 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 338,424,563 
   
    
   
 336,414,856 
   
    
   
 334,171,509 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 $ 
 1.69 
   
    
 $ 
 1.63 
   
    
 $ 
 1.45 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       For the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, 1,833,941, 372,020 and 58,631, respectively, of contingently issuable shares were excluded from the computation of diluted income per share because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect.
       16. Fiduciary Funds  
     The accompanying consolidated balance sheets do not include
the net assets of escrow, agency and fiduciary funds, which are held by us on behalf of clients and which amounted to $3.4 billion and $3.3 billion at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
     17. Segments        We report our operations through the following segments: (1) Americas, (2) EMEA, (3) Asia Pacific,
(4) Global Investment Management; and (5) Development Services.        The Americas segment is our largest segment of operations and provides a comprehensive range of services throughout the U.S. and in the largest regions of Canada and key markets in Latin America. The
primary services offered consist of the following: property sales, property leasing, mortgage services, appraisal and valuation, property management and occupier outsourcing services.        Our EMEA and Asia Pacific segments generally provide services similar to the Americas business segment. The
EMEA segment has operations primarily in Europe, while the Asia Pacific segment has operations in Asia, Australia and New Zealand.  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Our Global Investment Management business provides investment management services to
clients seeking to generate returns and diversification through direct and indirect investments in real estate in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific.      
 Our Development Services business consists of real estate development and investment activities primarily in the U.S.  
     Summarized financial information by segment is as follows
(dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 7,226,466 
   
    
 $ 
 6,189,913 
   
    
 $ 
 5,203,766 
   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 3,917,939 
   
    
   
 3,004,484 
   
    
   
 2,344,252 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 1,485,970 
   
    
   
 1,135,070 
   
    
   
 967,777 
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 369,800 
   
    
   
 460,700 
   
    
   
 468,941 
   
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 71,414 
   
    
   
 65,643 
   
    
   
 65,182 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 13,071,589 
   
    
 $ 
 10,855,810 
   
    
 $ 
 9,049,918 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 254,105 
   
    
 $ 
 198,908 
   
    
 $ 
 149,214 
   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 66,639 
   
    
   
 68,370 
   
    
   
 64,628 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 17,803 
   
    
   
 15,580 
   
    
   
 14,661 
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 25,911 
   
    
   
 29,020 
   
    
   
 32,802 
   
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 2,469 
   
    
   
 2,218 
   
    
   
 3,796 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 366,927 
   
    
 $ 
 314,096 
   
    
 $ 
 265,101 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 17,892 
   
    
 $ 
 18,413 
   
    
 $ 
 27,679 
   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 1,817 
   
    
   
 1,934 
   
    
   
 1,501 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 223 
   
    
   
 83 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 7,243 
   
    
   
 5,972 
   
    
   
 86 
   
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 170,176 
   
    
   
 136,447 
   
    
   
 72,448 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 197,351 
   
    
 $ 
 162,849 
   
    
 $ 
 101,714 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 949,590 
   
    
 $ 
 859,478 
   
    
 $ 
 717,532 
   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 273,565 
   
    
   
 211,856 
   
    
   
 162,536 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 140,760 
   
    
   
 117,084 
   
    
   
 94,532 
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 83,151 
   
    
   
 134,240 
   
    
   
 119,140 
   
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 113,937 
   
    
   
 90,066 
   
    
   
 72,385 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,561,003 
   
    
 $ 
 1,412,724 
   
    
 $ 
 1,166,125 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Adjusted EBITDA is the
measure reported to the chief operating decision maker for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to each segment and assessing performance of each segment. EBITDA represents earnings before net interest expense,  write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Amounts shown for adjusted EBITDA further remove (from EBITDA) the impact of certain cash and  non-cash  charges related to acquisitions, cost-elimination expenses and certain carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense to align with the timing of associated revenue.  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
   
 $ 
 547,132 
   
    
 $ 
 484,503 
   
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 366,927 
   
   
   
 314,096 
   
    
   
 265,101 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 144,851 
   
   
   
 118,880 
   
    
   
 112,035 
   
 
   Write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,685 
   
    
   
 23,087 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 296,662 
   
   
   
 320,853 
   
    
   
 263,759 
   
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 8,051 
   
   
   
 6,311 
   
    
   
 6,233 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
   
 1,372,362 
   
   
   
 1,297,335 
   
    
   
 1,142,252 
   
 
   Adjustments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Integration and other costs related to acquisitions 
    
   
 125,743 
   
   
   
 48,865 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Cost-elimination expenses (1) 
    
   
 78,456 
   
   
   
 40,439 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Carried interest incentive compensation (reversal) expense to align with the timing of associated revenue 
    
   
 (15,558 
 )  
   
   
 26,085 
   
    
   
 23,873 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 1,561,003 
   
   
 $ 
 1,412,724 
   
    
 $ 
 1,166,125 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents cost-elimination expenses relating to a program initiated in the fourth quarter of 2015 and completed in the third quarter of 2016 (our cost-elimination
project) to reduce the company’s global cost structure after several years of significant revenue and related cost growth. Cost-elimination expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 consisted of $73.6 million of
severance costs related to headcount reductions in connection with the program and $4.9 million of third-party contract termination costs. Cost-elimination expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2015 consisted of
$32.6 million of severance costs related to headcount reductions in connection with the program and $7.8 million of third-party contract termination costs. The total amount for each period does have a cash impact.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Capital expenditures 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 134,046 
   
    
 $ 
 94,376 
   
    
 $ 
 109,297 
   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 35,452 
   
    
   
 33,092 
   
    
   
 30,851 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 19,179 
   
    
   
 7,911 
   
    
   
 23,140 
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 2,273 
   
    
   
 3,558 
   
    
   
 6,596 
   
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 255 
   
    
   
 527 
   
    
   
 1,358 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 191,205 
   
    
 $ 
 139,464 
   
    
 $ 
 171,242 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Identifiable assets 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 5,555,400 
   
    
 $ 
 5,940,400 
   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 2,592,800 
   
    
   
 2,722,721 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 712,271 
   
    
   
 666,063 
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 913,563 
   
    
   
 936,491 
   
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 188,762 
   
    
   
 124,715 
   
 
   Corporate 
    
   
 816,791 
   
    
   
 627,553 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 10,779,587 
   
    
 $ 
 11,017,943 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Identifiable assets by
segment are those assets used in our operations in each segment. Corporate identifiable assets primarily include cash and cash equivalents available for general corporate use and net deferred tax assets.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 20,202 
   
    
 $ 
 17,380 
   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 388 
   
    
   
 392 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 5,802 
   
    
   
 311 
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 87,501 
   
    
   
 84,534 
   
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 118,345 
   
    
   
 115,326 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 232,238 
   
    
 $ 
 217,943 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Geographic Information  
     Revenue in the table below is allocated based upon the
country in which services are performed (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 6,917,221 
   
    
 $ 
 5,991,826 
   
    
 $ 
 5,027,479 
   
 
   United Kingdom 
    
   
 2,094,946 
   
    
   
 1,912,270 
   
    
   
 1,627,445 
   
 
   All other countries 
    
   
 4,059,422 
   
    
   
 2,951,714 
   
    
   
 2,394,994 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 13,071,589 
   
    
 $ 
 10,855,810 
   
    
 $ 
 9,049,918 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  The long-lived assets in the table below are comprised of net property and equipment
(dollars in thousands).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 396,608 
   
    
 $ 
 383,927 
   
 
   United Kingdom 
    
   
 61,327 
   
    
   
 63,548 
   
 
   All other countries 
    
   
 102,821 
   
    
   
 82,348 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 560,756 
   
    
 $ 
 529,823 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       18. Related Party Transactions
       The accompanying consolidated balance sheets
include loans to related parties, primarily employees other than our executive officers, of $233.8 million and $154.4 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The majority of these loans represent  sign-on  and retention bonuses issued or assumed in connection with acquisitions and prepaid commissions as well as prepaid retention and recruitment awards issued to employees. These loans are at varying principal
amounts, bear interest at rates up to 3.75% per annum and mature on various dates through 2026.        19. Guarantor and Nonguarantor Financial Statements      
 The following condensed consolidating financial information includes condensed consolidating balance sheets as of December 31, 2016
and 2015 and condensed consolidating statements of operations, condensed consolidating statements of comprehensive income (loss) and condensed consolidating statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 of:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   CBRE Group, Inc., as the parent; CBRE Services, as the subsidiary issuer; the guarantor subsidiaries; the nonguarantor subsidiaries;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Elimination entries necessary to consolidate CBRE Group, Inc., as the parent, with CBRE Services and its guarantor and nonguarantor subsidiaries; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   CBRE Group, Inc., on a consolidated basis.      
 Investments in consolidated subsidiaries are presented using the equity method of accounting. The principal elimination entries eliminate
investments in consolidated subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions.  
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET  
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2016    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   ASSETS 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 7 
   
   
 $ 
 16,889 
   
   
 $ 
 264,121 
   
   
 $ 
 481,559 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 762,576 
   
 
   Restricted cash 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,967 
   
   
   
 61,869 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 68,836 
   
 
   Receivables, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 943,028 
   
   
   
 1,662,574 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,605,602 
   
 
   Warehouse receivables (1) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 687,454 
   
   
   
 588,593 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,276,047 
   
 
   Income taxes receivable 
   
   
 1,915 
   
   
   
 17,364 
   
   
   
 8,170 
   
   
   
 37,456 
   
   
   
 (19,279 
 )  
   
   
 45,626 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 78,296 
   
   
   
 105,811 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 184,107 
   
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,421 
   
   
   
 64,576 
   
   
   
 113,659 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 179,656 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Assets 
   
   
 1,922 
   
   
   
 35,674 
   
   
   
 2,052,612 
   
   
   
 3,051,521 
   
   
   
 (19,279 
 )  
   
   
 5,122,450 
   
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 395,749 
   
   
   
 165,007 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 560,756 
   
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,669,683 
   
   
   
 1,311,709 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,981,392 
   
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 793,525 
   
   
   
 617,514 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,411,039 
   
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 189,455 
   
   
   
 42,783 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 232,238 
   
 
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 4,226,629 
   
   
   
 4,076,265 
   
   
   
 2,314,549 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (10,617,443 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Intercompany loan receivable 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,684,421 
   
   
   
 700,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,384,421 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Deferred tax assets, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 72,325 
   
   
   
 90,334 
   
   
   
 (57,335 
 )  
   
   
 105,324 
   
 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 22,229 
   
   
   
 240,707 
   
   
   
 103,452 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 366,388 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 4,228,551 
   
   
 $ 
 6,818,589 
   
   
 $ 
 8,428,605 
   
   
 $ 
 5,382,320 
   
   
 $ 
 (14,078,478 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,779,587 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 30,049 
   
   
 $ 
 409,470 
   
   
 $ 
 1,006,919 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,446,438 
   
 
   Compensation and employee benefits payable 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 626 
   
   
   
 402,719 
   
   
   
 369,577 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 772,922 
   
 
   Accrued bonus and profit sharing 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 506,715 
   
   
   
 383,606 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 890,321 
   
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 40,946 
   
   
   
 36,684 
   
   
   
 (19,279 
 )  
   
   
 58,351 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Warehouse lines of credit (which fund loans that U.S. Government Sponsored Entities have committed to purchase)
(1) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 680,473 
   
   
   
 574,180 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,254,653 
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 16 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 680,489 
   
   
   
 574,180 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,254,669 
   
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11 
   
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 81,590 
   
   
   
 21,127 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 102,717 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Liabilities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 30,675 
   
   
   
 2,121,929 
   
   
   
 2,392,104 
   
   
   
 (19,279 
 )  
   
   
 4,525,429 
   
 
   Long-Term Debt, net: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,548,123 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,548,126 
   
 
   Intercompany loan payable 
   
   
 1,214,064 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,916,675 
   
   
   
 253,682 
   
   
   
 (3,384,421 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Long-Term Debt, net 
   
   
 1,214,064 
   
   
   
 2,548,123 
   
   
   
 1,916,675 
   
   
   
 253,685 
   
   
   
 (3,384,421 
 )  
   
   
 2,548,126 
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 128,054 
   
   
   
 (57,335 
 )  
   
   
 70,719 
   
 
   Non-current  tax liabilities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 53,422 
   
   
   
 620 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 54,042 
   
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 13,162 
   
   
   
 260,314 
   
   
   
 250,550 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 524,026 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 1,214,064 
   
   
   
 2,591,960 
   
   
   
 4,352,340 
   
   
   
 3,025,013 
   
   
   
 (3,461,035 
 )  
   
   
 7,722,342 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   CBRE Group, Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
   
   
 3,014,487 
   
   
   
 4,226,629 
   
   
   
 4,076,265 
   
   
   
 2,314,549 
   
   
   
 (10,617,443 
 )  
   
   
 3,014,487 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 42,758 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 42,758 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity 
   
   
 3,014,487 
   
   
   
 4,226,629 
   
   
   
 4,076,265 
   
   
   
 2,357,307 
   
   
   
 (10,617,443 
 )  
   
   
 3,057,245 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
   
 $ 
 4,228,551 
   
   
 $ 
 6,818,589 
   
   
 $ 
 8,428,605 
   
   
 $ 
 5,382,320 
   
   
 $ 
 (14,078,478 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,779,587 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Although CBRE Capital Markets is included among our domestic subsidiaries that jointly and severally guarantee our 5.00% senior notes, 4.875% senior notes, 5.25% senior
notes and our 2015 Credit Agreement, a substantial majority of warehouse receivables funded under BofA, Fannie Mae ASAP, JP Morgan, Capital One and TD Bank lines of credit are pledged to BofA, Fannie Mae, JP Morgan, Capital One and TD Bank, and
accordingly, are not included as collateral for these notes or our other outstanding debt.  
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET  
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2015    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   ASSETS 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 5 
   
   
 $ 
 8,479 
   
   
 $ 
 147,410 
   
   
 $ 
 384,509 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 540,403 
   
 
   Restricted cash 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,421 
   
   
   
 66,343 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 72,764 
   
 
   Receivables, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 860,776 
   
   
   
 1,610,964 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,471,740 
   
 
   Warehouse receivables (1) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,397,094 
   
   
   
 370,013 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,767,107 
   
 
   Income taxes receivable 
   
   
 25,912 
   
   
   
 6,365 
   
   
   
 10,552 
   
   
   
 48,779 
   
   
   
 (32,277 
 )  
   
   
 59,331 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 77,109 
   
   
   
 95,813 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 172,922 
   
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 9,236 
   
   
   
 62,386 
   
   
   
 149,334 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 220,956 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Assets 
   
   
 25,917 
   
   
   
 24,080 
   
   
   
 2,561,748 
   
   
   
 2,725,755 
   
   
   
 (32,277 
 )  
   
   
 5,305,223 
   
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 382,897 
   
   
   
 146,926 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 529,823 
   
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,626,618 
   
   
   
 1,459,379 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,085,997 
   
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 844,611 
   
   
   
 605,858 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,450,469 
   
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 184,508 
   
   
   
 33,435 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 217,943 
   
 
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 3,699,642 
   
   
   
 3,796,841 
   
   
   
 2,360,544 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (9,857,027 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Intercompany loan receivable 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,590,949 
   
   
   
 700,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,290,949 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Deferred tax assets, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 68,971 
   
   
   
 105,754 
   
   
   
 (39,473 
 )  
   
   
 135,252 
   
 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 22,055 
   
   
   
 176,835 
   
   
   
 94,346 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 293,236 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 3,725,559 
   
   
 $ 
 6,433,925 
   
   
 $ 
 8,906,732 
   
   
 $ 
 5,171,453 
   
   
 $ 
 (13,219,726 
 )  
   
 $ 
 11,017,943 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 31,616 
   
   
 $ 
 395,509 
   
   
 $ 
 1,056,994 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,484,119 
   
 
   Compensation and employee benefits payable 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 626 
   
   
   
 388,251 
   
   
   
 316,193 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 705,070 
   
 
   Accrued bonus and profit sharing 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 479,106 
   
   
   
 387,788 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 866,894 
   
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 69,121 
   
   
   
 45,350 
   
   
   
 (32,277 
 )  
   
   
 82,194 
   
 
   Short-term borrowings: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Warehouse lines of credit (which fund loans that U.S. Government Sponsored Entities have committed to purchase)
(1) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,388,033 
   
   
   
 362,748 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,750,781 
   
 
   Other 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 16 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,388,049 
   
   
   
 362,748 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,750,797 
   
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 34,375 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 53 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 34,428 
   
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,063 
   
   
   
 31,474 
   
   
   
 38,118 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 70,655 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Liabilities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 67,680 
   
   
   
 2,751,510 
   
   
   
 2,207,244 
   
   
   
 (32,277 
 )  
   
   
 4,994,157 
   
 
   Long-Term Debt, net: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,645,101 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,645,111 
   
 
   Intercompany loan payable 
   
   
 1,012,907 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,043,433 
   
   
   
 234,609 
   
   
   
 (3,290,949 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Long-Term Debt, net 
   
   
 1,012,907 
   
   
   
 2,645,101 
   
   
   
 2,043,433 
   
   
   
 234,619 
   
   
   
 (3,290,949 
 )  
   
   
 2,645,111 
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 139,834 
   
   
   
 (39,473 
 )  
   
   
 100,361 
   
 
   Non-current  tax liabilities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 87,483 
   
   
   
 1,184 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 88,667 
   
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 21,502 
   
   
   
 227,465 
   
   
   
 181,610 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 430,577 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 1,012,907 
   
   
   
 2,734,283 
   
   
   
 5,109,891 
   
   
   
 2,764,491 
   
   
   
 (3,362,699 
 )  
   
   
 8,258,873 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   CBRE Group, Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
   
   
 2,712,652 
   
   
   
 3,699,642 
   
   
   
 3,796,841 
   
   
   
 2,360,544 
   
   
   
 (9,857,027 
 )  
   
   
 2,712,652 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 46,418 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 46,418 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity 
   
   
 2,712,652 
   
   
   
 3,699,642 
   
   
   
 3,796,841 
   
   
   
 2,406,962 
   
   
   
 (9,857,027 
 )  
   
   
 2,759,070 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
   
 $ 
 3,725,559 
   
   
 $ 
 6,433,925 
   
   
 $ 
 8,906,732 
   
   
 $ 
 5,171,453 
   
   
 $ 
 (13,219,726 
 )  
   
 $ 
 11,017,943 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Although CBRE Capital Markets is included among our domestic subsidiaries that jointly and severally guarantee our 5.00% senior notes, 4.875% senior notes, 5.25% senior
notes and our 2015 Credit Agreement, a substantial majority of warehouse receivables funded under BofA, Capital One, TD Bank, JP Morgan and Fannie Mae ASAP lines of credit are pledged to BofA, Capital One, TD Bank, JP Morgan and Fannie Mae, and
accordingly, are not included as collateral for these notes or our other outstanding debt.  
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   Revenue 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 6,671,793 
   
   
 $ 
 6,399,796 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 13,071,589 
   
 
   Costs and expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 4,635,426 
   
   
   
 4,488,301 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 9,123,727 
   
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
   
   
 5,003 
   
   
   
 (8,231 
 )  
   
   
 1,454,777 
   
   
   
 1,329,761 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,781,310 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 225,552 
   
   
   
 141,375 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 366,927 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 5,003 
   
   
   
 (8,231 
 )  
   
   
 6,315,755 
   
   
   
 5,959,437 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 12,271,964 
   
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,669 
   
   
   
 12,193 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 15,862 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating (loss) income 
   
   
 (5,003 
 )  
   
   
 8,231 
   
   
   
 359,707 
   
   
   
 452,552 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 815,487 
   
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 192,811 
   
   
   
 4,540 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 197,351 
   
 
   Other income (loss) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (89 
 )  
   
   
 4,776 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 4,688 
   
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 131,132 
   
   
   
 50,272 
   
   
   
 5,146 
   
   
   
 (178,499 
 )  
   
   
 8,051 
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 184,738 
   
   
   
 97,815 
   
   
   
 40,797 
   
   
   
 (178,499 
 )  
   
   
 144,851 
   
 
   Royalty and management service (income) expense 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (39,182 
 )  
   
   
 39,182 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Income from consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 575,061 
   
   
   
 603,071 
   
   
   
 241,790 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,419,922 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before (benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 570,058 
   
   
   
 557,697 
   
   
   
 785,858 
   
   
   
 387,035 
   
   
   
 (1,419,922 
 )  
   
   
 880,726 
   
 
   (Benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (1,915 
 )  
   
   
 (17,364 
 )  
   
   
 182,787 
   
   
   
 133,154 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 296,662 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 571,973 
   
   
   
 575,061 
   
   
   
 603,071 
   
   
   
 253,881 
   
   
   
 (1,419,922 
 )  
   
   
 584,064 
   
 
   Less: Net income attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 12,091 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 12,091 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 571,973 
   
   
 $ 
 575,061 
   
   
 $ 
 603,071 
   
   
 $ 
 241,790 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,419,922 
 )  
   
 $ 
 571,973 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   Revenue 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 5,817,752 
   
   
 $ 
 5,038,058 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 10,855,810 
   
 
   Costs and expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,782,705 
   
   
   
 3,300,227 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,082,932 
   
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
   
   
 67,549 
   
   
   
 (23,833 
 )  
   
   
 1,349,874 
   
   
   
 1,240,019 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,633,609 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 173,741 
   
   
   
 140,355 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 314,096 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 67,549 
   
   
   
 (23,833 
 )  
   
   
 5,306,320 
   
   
   
 4,680,601 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 10,030,637 
   
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,859 
   
   
   
 6,912 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 10,771 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating (loss) income 
   
   
 (67,549 
 )  
   
   
 23,833 
   
   
   
 515,291 
   
   
   
 364,369 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 835,944 
   
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 161,404 
   
   
   
 1,445 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 162,849 
   
 
   Other income (loss) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1,483 
   
   
   
 (5,293 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,809 
 )  
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 196,439 
   
   
   
 122,260 
   
   
   
 4,087 
   
   
   
 (316,475 
 )  
   
   
 6,311 
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 234,180 
   
   
   
 137,281 
   
   
   
 63,894 
   
   
   
 (316,475 
 )  
   
   
 118,880 
   
 
   Write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,685 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,685 
   
 
   Royalty and management service (income) expense 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (27,445 
 )  
   
   
 27,445 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Income from consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 588,769 
   
   
   
 598,996 
   
   
   
 151,723 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,339,488 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before (benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 521,220 
   
   
   
 582,404 
   
   
   
 842,325 
   
   
   
 273,269 
   
   
   
 (1,339,488 
 )  
   
   
 879,730 
   
 
   (Benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (25,912 
 )  
   
   
 (6,365 
 )  
   
   
 243,329 
   
   
   
 109,801 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 320,853 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 547,132 
   
   
   
 588,769 
   
   
   
 598,996 
   
   
   
 163,468 
   
   
   
 (1,339,488 
 )  
   
   
 558,877 
   
 
   Less: Net income attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,745 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,745 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 547,132 
   
   
 $ 
 588,769 
   
   
 $ 
 598,996 
   
   
 $ 
 151,723 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,339,488 
 )  
   
 $ 
 547,132 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   Revenue 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 4,892,760 
   
   
 $ 
 4,157,158 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 9,049,918 
   
 
   Costs and expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,094,211 
   
   
   
 2,517,051 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,611,262 
   
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
   
   
 52,233 
   
   
   
 (906 
 )  
   
   
 1,173,045 
   
   
   
 1,214,588 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,438,960 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 130,672 
   
   
   
 134,429 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 265,101 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 52,233 
   
   
   
 (906 
 )  
   
   
 4,397,928 
   
   
   
 3,866,068 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8,315,323 
   
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,003 
   
   
   
 50,656 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 57,659 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating (loss) income 
   
   
 (52,233 
 )  
   
   
 906 
   
   
   
 501,835 
   
   
   
 341,746 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 792,254 
   
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 95,271 
   
   
   
 6,443 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 101,714 
   
 
   Other income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 3,661 
   
   
   
 8,521 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 12,183 
   
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 222,738 
   
   
   
 2,159 
   
   
   
 4,069 
   
   
   
 (222,733 
 )  
   
   
 6,233 
   
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 101,309 
   
   
   
 158,030 
   
   
   
 75,429 
   
   
   
 (222,733 
 )  
   
   
 112,035 
   
 
   Write-off  of financing costs on extinguished debt 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 23,087 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 23,087 
   
 
   Royalty and management service (income) expense 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (24,758 
 )  
   
   
 24,758 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Income from consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 517,293 
   
   
   
 454,989 
   
   
   
 128,641 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,100,923 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before (benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 465,060 
   
   
   
 554,238 
   
   
   
 598,295 
   
   
   
 260,592 
   
   
   
 (1,100,923 
 )  
   
   
 777,262 
   
 
   (Benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (19,443 
 )  
   
   
 36,945 
   
   
   
 143,306 
   
   
   
 102,951 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 263,759 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 484,503 
   
   
   
 517,293 
   
   
   
 454,989 
   
   
   
 157,641 
   
   
   
 (1,100,923 
 )  
   
   
 513,503 
   
 
   Less: Net income attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 29,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 29,000 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 484,503 
   
   
 $ 
 517,293 
   
   
 $ 
 454,989 
   
   
 $ 
 128,641 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,100,923 
 )  
   
 $ 
 484,503 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
    
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
    
 $ 
 575,061 
   
   
 $ 
 603,071 
   
   
 $ 
 253,881 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,419,922 
 )  
   
 $ 
 584,064 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (235,278 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (235,278 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6,839 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,839 
   
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (1,431 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,431 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 180 
   
   
   
 204 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 384 
   
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (63,749 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (63,749 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (759 
 )  
   
   
 (11,332 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (12,091 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5,408 
   
   
   
 (579 
 )  
   
   
 (310,155 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (305,326 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 571,973 
   
    
   
 580,469 
   
   
   
 602,492 
   
   
   
 (56,274 
 )  
   
   
 (1,419,922 
 )  
   
   
 278,738 
   
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 12,108 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 12,108 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 571,973 
   
    
 $ 
 580,469 
   
   
 $ 
 602,492 
   
   
 $ 
 (68,382 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,419,922 
 )  
   
 $ 
 266,630 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      113
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015  
 (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
    
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 547,132 
   
    
 $ 
 588,769 
   
   
 $ 
 598,996 
   
   
 $ 
 163,468 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,339,488 
 )  
   
 $ 
 558,877 
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (164,350 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (164,350 
 )  
 
   Fees associated with termination of interest rate swaps, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (3,908 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,908 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7,680 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,680 
   
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (4,107 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4,107 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding losses on available for sale securities, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (674 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (705 
 )  
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,741 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,741 
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (335 
 )  
   
   
 (671 
 )  
   
   
 (160,640 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (161,646 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
   
 547,132 
   
    
   
 588,434 
   
   
   
 598,325 
   
   
   
 2,828 
   
   
   
 (1,339,488 
 )  
   
   
 397,231 
   
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,754 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,754 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 547,132 
   
    
 $ 
 588,434 
   
   
 $ 
 598,325 
   
   
 $ 
 (8,926 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,339,488 
 )  
   
 $ 
 385,477 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      114
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014  
 (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
    
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 484,503 
   
    
 $ 
 517,293 
   
   
 $ 
 454,989 
   
   
 $ 
 157,641 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,100,923 
 )  
   
 $ 
 513,503 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (148,589 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (148,589 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to interest expense, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7,279 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,279 
   
 
   Unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (5,988 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 61 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5,927 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding losses on available for sale securities, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (577 
 )  
   
   
 (364 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (941 
 )  
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (30,355 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (30,355 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 549 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 549 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,291 
   
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 (179,247 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (177,984 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 484,503 
   
    
   
 518,584 
   
   
   
 454,961 
   
   
   
 (21,606 
 )  
   
   
 (1,100,923 
 )  
   
   
 335,519 
   
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to  non-controlling  interests 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 28,913 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 28,913 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 484,503 
   
    
 $ 
 518,584 
   
   
 $ 
 454,961 
   
   
 $ 
 (50,519 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,100,923 
 )  
   
 $ 
 306,606 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      115
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 $ 
 84,393 
   
   
 $ 
 (23,643 
 )  
   
 $ 
 212,841 
   
   
 $ 
 176,724 
   
   
 $ 
 450,315 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (115,049 
 )  
   
   
 (76,156 
 )  
   
   
 (191,205 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of GWS, including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,256 
   
   
   
 (13,733 
 )  
   
   
 (10,477 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of businesses (other than GWS), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash
acquired 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (6,572 
 )  
   
   
 (25,062 
 )  
   
   
 (31,634 
 )  
 
   Contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (47,192 
 )  
   
   
 (19,624 
 )  
   
   
 (66,816 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 206,011 
   
   
   
 7,435 
   
   
   
 213,446 
   
 
   Net proceeds from disposition of real estate held for investment 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 44,326 
   
   
   
 44,326 
   
 
   Additions to real estate held for investment 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,203 
 )  
   
   
 (3,203 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of servicing rights and other assets 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 19,445 
   
   
   
 24,086 
   
   
   
 43,531 
   
 
   Increase in restricted cash 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (546 
 )  
   
   
 (2,006 
 )  
   
   
 (2,552 
 )  
 
   Purchase of available for sale securities 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (37,661 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (37,661 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 35,051 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 35,051 
   
 
   Other investing activities, net 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (267 
 )  
   
   
 22 
   
   
   
 (245 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 56,476 
   
   
   
 (63,915 
 )  
   
   
 (7,439 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Repayment of senior term loans 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (136,250 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (136,250 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,909,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,909,000 
   
 
   Repayment of revolving credit facility 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,909,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,909,000 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for investment 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,274 
   
   
   
 7,274 
   
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for investment 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (33,944 
 )  
   
   
 (33,944 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 17,727 
   
   
   
 17,727 
   
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4,102 
 )  
   
   
 (4,102 
 )  
 
   Units repurchased for payment of taxes on equity awards 
    
   
 (27,426 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (27,426 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
    
   
 915 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 915 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interest contributions 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,272 
   
   
   
 2,272 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interest distributions 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (19,133 
 )  
   
   
 (19,133 
 )  
 
   Payment of financing costs 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5,459 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (159 
 )  
   
   
 (5,618 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in intercompany receivables, net 
    
   
 (57,880 
 )  
   
   
 173,762 
   
   
   
 (151,433 
 )  
   
   
 35,551 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other financing activities, net 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,173 
 )  
   
   
 (185 
 )  
   
   
 (1,358 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
    
   
 (84,391 
 )  
   
   
 32,053 
   
   
   
 (152,606 
 )  
   
   
 5,301 
   
   
   
 (199,643 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (21,060 
 )  
   
   
 (21,060 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 2 
   
   
   
 8,410 
   
   
   
 116,711 
   
   
   
 97,050 
   
   
   
 222,173 
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
    
   
 5 
   
   
   
 8,479 
   
   
   
 147,410 
   
   
   
 384,509 
   
   
   
 540,403 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
    
 $ 
 7 
   
   
 $ 
 16,889 
   
   
 $ 
 264,121 
   
   
 $ 
 481,559 
   
   
 $ 
 762,576 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the period for: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 122,605 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 3,195 
   
   
 $ 
 125,800 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income taxes, net 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 174,164 
   
   
 $ 
 120,684 
   
   
 $ 
 294,848 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      116
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 $ 
 33,959 
   
   
 $ 
 (7,477 
 )  
   
 $ 
 452,304 
   
   
 $ 
 173,111 
   
   
 $ 
 651,897 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (84,933 
 )  
   
   
 (54,531 
 )  
   
   
 (139,464 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of GWS, including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (729,729 
 )  
   
   
 (691,934 
 )  
   
   
 (1,421,663 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of businesses (other than GWS), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash
acquired 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (153,690 
 )  
   
   
 (7,416 
 )  
   
   
 (161,106 
 )  
 
   Contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (66,966 
 )  
   
   
 (4,242 
 )  
   
   
 (71,208 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 179,699 
   
   
   
 7,878 
   
   
   
 187,577 
   
 
   Net proceeds from disposition of real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3,584 
   
   
   
 3,584 
   
 
   Additions to real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,053 
 )  
   
   
 (2,053 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of servicing rights and other assets 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 14,503 
   
   
   
 15,929 
   
   
   
 30,432 
   
 
   Increase in restricted cash 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5,791 
 )  
   
   
 (43,221 
 )  
   
   
 (49,012 
 )  
 
   Purchase of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (40,287 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (40,287 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 42,572 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 42,572 
   
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,669 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,669 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (842,953 
 )  
   
   
 (776,006 
 )  
   
   
 (1,618,959 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from senior term loans 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 900,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 900,000 
   
 
   Repayment of senior term loans 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (657,488 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (657,488 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,643,500 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,643,500 
   
 
   Repayment of revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,643,500 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4,512 
 )  
   
   
 (2,648,012 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from issuance of 4.875% senior notes, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 595,440 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 595,440 
   
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,576 
 )  
   
   
 (1,576 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 20,879 
   
   
   
 20,879 
   
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,186 
 )  
   
   
 (1,186 
 )  
 
   Shares and units repurchased for payment of taxes on equity awards 
   
   
 (24,523 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (24,523 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 7,525 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,525 
   
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
   
   
 2,277 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,277 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interest contributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,909 
   
   
   
 5,909 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interest distributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (16,582 
 )  
   
   
 (16,582 
 )  
 
   Payment of financing costs 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (30,579 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (85 
 )  
   
   
 (30,664 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in intercompany receivables, net 
   
   
 (19,238 
 )  
   
   
 (809,679 
 )  
   
   
 167,505 
   
   
   
 661,412 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (3,549 
 )  
   
   
 (2,402 
 )  
   
   
 (5,951 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (33,959 
 )  
   
   
 (2,306 
 )  
   
   
 163,956 
   
   
   
 661,857 
   
   
   
 789,548 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (22,967 
 )  
   
   
 (22,967 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (9,783 
 )  
   
   
 (226,693 
 )  
   
   
 35,995 
   
   
   
 (200,481 
 )  
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 18,262 
   
   
   
 374,103 
   
   
   
 348,514 
   
   
   
 740,884 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
   
 $ 
 5 
   
   
 $ 
 8,479 
   
   
 $ 
 147,410 
   
   
 $ 
 384,509 
   
   
 $ 
 540,403 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 86,562 
   
   
 $ 
 126 
   
   
 $ 
 1,390 
   
   
 $ 
 88,078 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income taxes, net 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 179,418 
   
   
 $ 
 106,312 
   
   
 $ 
 285,730 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      117
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 $ 
 23,416 
   
   
 $ 
 94,165 
   
   
 $ 
 345,141 
   
   
 $ 
 199,058 
   
   
 $ 
 661,780 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (109,173 
 )  
   
   
 (62,069 
 )  
   
   
 (171,242 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of businesses, including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (62,071 
 )  
   
   
 (84,986 
 )  
   
   
 (147,057 
 )  
 
   Contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (56,634 
 )  
   
   
 (2,543 
 )  
   
   
 (59,177 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 90,292 
   
   
   
 13,975 
   
   
   
 104,267 
   
 
   Net proceeds from disposition of real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 77,278 
   
   
   
 77,278 
   
 
   Additions to real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (10,961 
 )  
   
   
 (10,961 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of servicing rights and other assets 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11,655 
   
   
   
 13,886 
   
   
   
 25,541 
   
 
   Decrease in restricted cash 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,871 
   
   
   
 2,015 
   
   
   
 22,003 
   
   
   
 30,889 
   
 
   Purchase of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (89,885 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (89,885 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 88,214 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 88,214 
   
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 577 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 577 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,871 
   
   
   
 (125,010 
 )  
   
   
 (33,417 
 )  
   
   
 (151,556 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Repayment of senior secured term loans 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (39,650 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (39,650 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,807,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 66,568 
   
   
   
 1,873,568 
   
 
   Repayment of revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,835,928 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (163,494 
 )  
   
   
 (1,999,422 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from issuance of 5.25% senior notes 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 426,875 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 426,875 
   
 
   Repayment of 6.25% senior notes 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (350,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (350,000 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5,022 
   
   
   
 5,022 
   
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (27,563 
 )  
   
   
 (27,563 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8,274 
   
   
   
 8,274 
   
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (80,218 
 )  
   
   
 (80,218 
 )  
 
   Shares and units repurchased for payment of taxes on equity awards 
   
   
 (16,685 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (16,685 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 6,203 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,203 
   
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
   
   
 1,218 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,218 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interest contributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,938 
   
   
   
 2,938 
   
 
   Non-controlling  interest distributions 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (33,971 
 )  
   
   
 (33,971 
 )  
 
   Payment of financing costs 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (4,614 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1,333 
 )  
   
   
 (5,947 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in intercompany receivables, net 
   
   
 (14,152 
 )  
   
   
 (98,042 
 )  
   
   
 65,602 
   
   
   
 46,592 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (2,874 
 )  
   
   
 163 
   
   
   
 (2,711 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (23,416 
 )  
   
   
 (94,359 
 )  
   
   
 62,728 
   
   
   
 (177,022 
 )  
   
   
 (232,069 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (29,183 
 )  
   
   
 (29,183 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6,677 
   
   
   
 282,859 
   
   
   
 (40,564 
 )  
   
   
 248,972 
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 11,585 
   
   
   
 91,244 
   
   
   
 389,078 
   
   
   
 491,912 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
   
 $ 
 5 
   
   
 $ 
 18,262 
   
   
 $ 
 374,103 
   
   
 $ 
 348,514 
   
   
 $ 
 740,884 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 112,059 
   
   
 $ 
 472 
   
   
 $ 
 6,218 
   
   
 $ 
 118,749 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income taxes, net 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 37 
   
   
 $ 
 221,898 
   
   
 $ 
 109,322 
   
   
 $ 
 331,257 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      118
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
 QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    (Unaudited)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2016 
   
    
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
   
    
 Three Months Ended June 
30, 2016 
   
    
 Three Months Ended March 
31, 2016 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 3,823,831 
   
    
 $ 
 3,193,487 
   
    
 $ 
 3,207,537 
   
    
 $ 
 2,846,734 
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 352,821 
   
    
 $ 
 172,492 
   
    
 $ 
 182,594 
   
    
 $ 
 107,580 
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 263,975 
   
    
 $ 
 104,163 
   
    
 $ 
 121,668 
   
    
 $ 
 82,167 
   
 
   Basic income per share 
    
 $ 
 0.78 
   
    
 $ 
 0.31 
   
    
 $ 
 0.36 
   
    
 $ 
 0.25 
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 336,843,925 
   
    
   
 335,770,122 
   
    
   
 335,076,746 
   
    
   
 333,992,935 
   
 
   Diluted income per share 
    
 $ 
 0.78 
   
    
 $ 
 0.31 
   
    
 $ 
 0.36 
   
    
 $ 
 0.24 
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 338,839,469 
   
    
   
 338,488,975 
   
    
   
 338,080,641 
   
    
   
 337,506,232 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2015 
   
    
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
   
    
 Three Months Ended June 
30, 2015 
   
    
 Three Months Ended March 
31, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
   
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 3,700,242 
   
    
 $ 
 2,712,559 
   
    
 $ 
 2,390,506 
   
    
 $ 
 2,052,503 
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 206,983 
   
    
 $ 
 240,101 
   
    
 $ 
 228,755 
   
    
 $ 
 160,105 
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 180,043 
   
    
 $ 
 149,123 
   
    
 $ 
 125,029 
   
    
 $ 
 92,937 
   
 
   Basic income per share 
    
 $ 
 0.54 
   
    
 $ 
 0.45 
   
    
 $ 
 0.38 
   
    
 $ 
 0.28 
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 333,783,269 
   
    
   
 332,684,487 
   
    
   
 331,999,935 
   
    
   
 331,976,907 
   
 
   Diluted income per share 
    
 $ 
 0.53 
   
    
 $ 
 0.44 
   
    
 $ 
 0.37 
   
    
 $ 
 0.28 
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 337,223,824 
   
    
   
 336,561,877 
   
    
   
 336,154,524 
   
    
   
 335,698,590 
   
 
      119
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure        None.  
     Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
       Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting       Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(f),  including maintenance of (i) records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, and (ii) policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, (b) our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our board
of directors and (c) we will prevent or timely detect unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
     Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide
absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of the inherent limitations of any system of internal control. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject
to lapses of judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper overriding of controls. As a result of such limitations, there is risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the
process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.        Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation
under the COSO framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016. The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been
audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein.      
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures      
 Rule  13a-15  of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires that we conduct an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, and we have a disclosure policy in furtherance of the same. This evaluation is designed to ensure that all corporate
disclosure is complete and accurate in all material respects. The evaluation is further designed to ensure that all information required to be disclosed in our SEC reports is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods and in the manner specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer supervise and participate in this evaluation, and they are assisted by our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief
Accounting Officer and other members of our Disclosure Committee. In addition to our Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, our Disclosure Committee consists of our General Counsel, the chief communication officer, our
corporate controller, our head of Global Internal Audit, our senior officers of significant business lines and other select employees.  
      120
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We conducted the required evaluation, and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined by Securities Exchange Act Rule  13a-15(e))  were effective as of December 31, 2016 to accomplish their objectives at the
reasonable assurance level.        Changes in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting        No changes in our
internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
     Item 9B. Other Information  
     None.  
     PART III  
     Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance        The information under
the headings “Elect Directors,” “Corporate Governance,” “Executive Management” and “Stock Ownership” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference.        We are filing the certifications by
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form  10-K.   
     Item 11. Executive Compensation
       The information contained under the headings
“Corporate Governance,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Executive Compensation” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.  
     Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters        Equity Compensation Plan Information        The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2016. All outstanding awards relate to our Class A common stock.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants
and Rights (a) 
   
    
 Weighted-average Exercise Price
of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) 
   
    
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance
under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) 
   


 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
    
   
 5,899,203 
   
    
 $ 
 0.09 
   
    
   
 10,232,486 
   
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 5,899,203 
   
    
 $ 
 0.09 
   
    
   
 10,232,486 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Consists of stock options and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) issued under our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”) and our Second Amended
and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2004 Plan”). Our 2004 Plan terminated in May 2012 in connection with the adoption of the 2012 Plan, and we cannot issue any further awards under the 2004 Plan.  
      121
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The figures in the foregoing table include:      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   2,374,897 RSUs that are performance vesting in nature, with the figures in the table reflecting the maximum number of RSUs that may be issued if all
performance-based targets are satisfied;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   3,498,230 RSUs that are time vesting in nature; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   26,076 shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Excluding all outstanding RSUs (which can be exercised for no consideration), the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and
rights indicated in the table above would increase to $19.55 per share.        We incorporate herein by reference the information contained under the heading “Stock Ownership” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  
     Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence        The
information contained under the headings “Elect Directors,” “Corporate Governance” and “Related-Party Transactions” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by
reference.        Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services        The information
contained under the heading “Audit and Other Fees” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.  
     PART IV  
     Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules      
 
 
   
 1. 
 Financial Statements       
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth on page 55.  
   
 
 
   
 2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules       
 See Schedule II on page 123.      
 
 
   
 3. 
 Exhibits       
 See Exhibit Index beginning on page 125 hereof.  
      122
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND
QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS    (Dollars in thousands)  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 40,262 
   
 
   Charges to expense 
    
   
 8,165 
   
 
   Write-offs, payments and other 
    
   
 (6,596 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2014 
    
   
 41,831 
   
 
   Charges to expense 
    
   
 10,211 
   
 
   Write-offs, payments and other 
    
   
 (5,436 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2015 
    
   
 46,606 
   
 
   Charges to expense 
    
   
 4,711 
   
 
   Write-offs, payments and other 
    
   
 (11,848 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2016 
    
 $ 
 39,469 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      123
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 CBRE GROUP, INC. 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
   / S /    R OBERT  E.
S ULENTIC       
 
 
   
   Robert E. Sulentic   President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 Date: March 1, 2017 
       Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    G IL 
B OROK         Gil Borok 
    
 Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    B RANDON  B.
B OZE         Brandon B. Boze 
    
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    C URTIS  F.
F EENY         Curtis F. Feeny 
    
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    B RADFORD  M.
F REEMAN         Bradford M. Freeman 
    
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    J AMES  R.
G ROCH         James R. Groch 
    
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    C HRISTOPHER  T.
J ENNY         Christopher T. Jenny 
    
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    G ERARDO  I.
L OPEZ         Gerardo I. Lopez 
    
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    F REDERIC  V.
M ALEK         Frederic V. Malek 
    
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    P AULA  R.
R EYNOLDS         Paula R. Reynolds 
    
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    R OBERT  E.
S ULENTIC         Robert E. Sulentic 
    
 Director and President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /     L AURA  D.
T YSON         Laura D. Tyson 
    
 Director 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    R AY 
W IRTA         Ray Wirta 
    
 Chairman of the Board 
   
 March 1, 2017 
 
      124
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
   
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 SEC File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.1(a) 
   
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2011, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, and CB Richard Ellis, Inc. and
others 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 2.02 
   
    
   
 02/18/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.1(b) 
   
 First Amendment to PE Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 20, 2011, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, and CB Richard Ellis, Inc.
and others 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 2.3 
   
    
   
 08/09/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.1(c) 
   
 Second Amendment to PE Share Purchase Agreement, dated October 3, 2011, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, and CBRE, Inc. and
others 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 2.03 
   
    
   
 10/07/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.1(d) 
   
 Third Amendment to PE Share Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2011, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, and CBRE, Inc. and
others 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 2.04 
   
    
   
 11/04/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.1(e) 
   
 Fourth Amendment to PE Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 23, 2017, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V., ING Bank N.V., CBRE, Inc., and CBRE
Group, Inc. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.2 
   
 Share Sale Agreement, dated November 12, 2013, by and among William Investments Limited, the individual vendors named therein, CBRE Holdings Limited, CBRE UK Acquisition
Company Limited and CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 1.01 
   
    
   
 11/13/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.3 
   
 Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2015, by and between Johnson Controls, Inc. and CBRE, Inc. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 2.1 
   
    
   
 04/03/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1 
   
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 3.1 
   
    
   
 05/19/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2 
   
 Amended and Restated  By-Laws  of CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 3.1 
   
    
   
 01/11/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
      125
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
    
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
   
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 SEC File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
   
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1 
   
 Form of Class A common stock certificate of CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. 
    
 S-1/A#2 
    
   
 333-112867 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
   
   
 04/30/2004 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2(a) 
   
 Securityholders’ Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2001 (“Securityholders’ Agreement”), by and among, CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., CB Richard Ellis
Services, Inc., Blum Strategic Partners, L.P., Blum Strategic Partners II, L.P., Blum Strategic Partners II GmbH & Co. KG, FS Equity Partners III, L.P., FS Equity Partners International, L.P., Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, DLJ
Investment Funding, Inc., The Koll Holding Company, Frederic V. Malek, the management investors named therein and the other persons from time to time party thereto 
    
 SC-13D 
    
   
 005-61805 
   
    
   
 3 
   
   
   
 07/30/2001 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2(b) 
   
 Amendment and Waiver to Securityholders’ Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2004, by and among, CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. and the
other parties to the Securityholders’ Agreement 
    
 S-1/A 
    
   
 333-112867 
   
    
   
 4.2 
 (b)  
   
   
 04/30/2004 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2(c) 
   
 Second Amendment and Waiver to Securityholders’ Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004, by and among CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. and
certain of the other parties to the Securityholders’ Agreement 
    
 S-1/A 
    
   
 333-120445 
   
    
   
 4.2 
 (c)  
   
   
 11/24/2004 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2(d) 
   
 Third Amendment and Waiver to Securityholders’ Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2005, by and among CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. and
certain of the other parties to the Securityholders’ Agreement 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
   
   
 08/02/2005 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(a) 
   
 Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2013, among CBRE Group, Inc., CBRE Services, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as trustee 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 4.4 
 (a)  
   
   
 05/10/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
      126
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
    
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
   
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 SEC File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
   
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(b) 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2013, between CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as trustee, for the 5.00% Senior Notes Due 2023, including the Form of 5.00% Senior Notes due 2023 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 4.4 
 (b)  
   
   
 05/10/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(c) 
   
 Form of Supplemental Indenture among certain subsidiary guarantors of CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, for the
5.00% Senior Notes due 2023 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
   
   
 04/16/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(d) 
   
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 10, 2013, between  CBRE/LJM-  Nevada, Inc., CBRE Consulting, Inc., CBRE Services, Inc.
and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, for the 5.00% Senior Notes due 2023 
    
 S-3ASR 
    
   
 333-201126 
   
    
   
 4.3 
 (c)  
   
   
 12/19/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(e) 
   
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2014, between CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, as trustee, for the 5.25% Senior Notes due 2025, including the Form of 5.00% Senior Notes due 2025 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
   
   
 09/26/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(f) 
   
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 12, 2014, between CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as trustee, for the additional issuance of 5.25% Senior Notes due 2025 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
   
   
 12/12/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(g) 
   
 Form of Supplemental Indenture among certain subsidiary guarantors of CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, for the
5.25% Senior Notes due 2025 
    
 S-3ASR 
    
   
 333-201126 
   
    
   
 4.3 
 (h)  
   
   
 12/19/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
      127
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
    
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
   
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 SEC File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   4.3(h) 
   
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2015, between CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as trustee, for the issuance of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2026, including the Form of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2026 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 4.2 
   
    
   
 08/13/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   4.3(i) 
   
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 25, 2015, between CBRE GWS LLC, CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to
the 5.00% Senior Notes due 2023, the 5.25% Senior Notes due 2025 and the 4.875% Senior Notes due 2026 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 09/25/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
   
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2015, among CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc., the
lenders party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 01/13/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.2 
   
 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2015, among CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE
Services, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 05/29/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3 
   
 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2015, among CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc., the lenders party
thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 09/09/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
   
 Second Amendment, dated as of March 21, 2016, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE
Services, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 03/25/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
      128
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 SEC File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5 
    
 Amended and Restated Guarantee and Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2015, among CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc.
from time to time and Credit Suisse AG, as collateral agent, including the Form of Supplement to the Amended and Restated Guarantee and Pledge Agreement 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 01/13/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.6 
    
 Supplement No. 1, dated as of September 25, 2015, to the Amended and Restated Guarantee and Pledge Agreement, among CBRE Services, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc., certain
subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc., and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and as collateral agent 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 09/25/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
    
 CBRE Group, Inc. Executive Bonus Plan + 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 03/03/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8 
    
 CBRE Group, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan + 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 05/21/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers + 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 12/08/2009 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers + 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 05/10/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.11 
    
 Second Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan of CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. + 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 06/06/2008 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.12 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan of CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. + 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 05/11/2009 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.13 
    
 CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 S-8 
    
   
 333-181235 
   
    
   
 99.1 
   
    
   
 05/08/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.14 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 S-8 
    
   
 333-181235 
   
    
   
 99.2 
   
    
   
 05/08/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.15 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 S-8 
    
   
 333-181235 
   
    
   
 99.3 
   
    
   
 05/08/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.16 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 S-8 
    
   
 333-181235 
   
    
   
 99.4 
   
    
   
 05/08/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
      129
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 SEC File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.17 
    
 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 08/20/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.18 
    
 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 08/20/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.19 
    
 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 08/20/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.20 
    
 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement  (Non-Employee  Director) for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan
+ 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 08/11/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.21 
    
 CBRE Deferred Compensation Plan + 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 03/12/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.22 
    
 Amendment #1 to the CBRE Deferred Compensation Plan + 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.23 
    
 CBRE Group, Inc. Change in Control and Severance Plan for Senior Management, including form of Designation Letter + 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 03/27/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.24 
    
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of January 1, 2016 by and between CBRE Global Investors, LLC and T. Ritson Ferguson + 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 05/10/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 11 
    
 Statement concerning Computation of Per Share Earnings (filed as Note 15 of the Consolidated Financial Statements) 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12 
    
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 21 
    
 Subsidiaries of CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 23.1 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule  13a-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to
§302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule  13a-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to
§302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
      130
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
    
   
    
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
 
   Exhibit 
 No. 
   
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
   
    
 SEC File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 32 
   
    
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §1350, as adopted pursuant to §906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 101.INS 
   
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 101.SCH 
   
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 101.CAL 
   
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 101.DEF 
   
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 101.LAB 
   
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 101.PRE 
   
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
   
       In the
foregoing Exhibit Index, (1) references to CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. are now to CBRE Group, Inc., (2) references to CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc. are now to CBRE Services, Inc., and (3) references to CB Richard Ellis, Inc. are
now to CBRE, Inc.      
 
 
 + 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory arrangement  
      131
 

 
 
 
