
 10-K
 1
 d658841d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549    FORM 10-K  
 (Mark One)  

 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013  
  OR      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                 TO                   
 Commission File Number: 001-33551      
 


 
    The Blackstone Group L.P.    (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 20-8875684 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
   345 Park Avenue    New York, New York 10154    (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip
Code)    (212) 583-5000    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)      
     Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
 Common units representing limited partner interests 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   ¨     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated filer   x 
    
   Accelerated filer   ¨      
 
   Non-accelerated filer     ¨  (do not check if a smaller
reporting company) 
    
   Smaller reporting company   ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 The aggregate market value of the common units of the Registrant held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2013 was approximately
$11,558.3 million, which includes non-voting common units with a value of approximately $2,086.7 million.    The number
of the Registrant’s voting common units representing limited partner interests outstanding as of February 21, 2014 was 500,887,343. The number of the Registrant’s non-voting common units representing limited partner interests
outstanding as of February 21, 2014 was 77,144,845.    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 None      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   PART I. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 1. 
    
 BUSINESS 
    
   
 5 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 1A. 
    
 RISK FACTORS 
    
   
 20 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 1B. 
    
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
    
   
 65 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 2. 
    
 PROPERTIES 
    
   
 65 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 3. 
    
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
   
 65 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 4. 
    
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
   
 66 
    
 
 
 
 
   PART II. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 5. 
    
   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
 
    
   
 67 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 6. 
    
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
    
   
 70 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 7. 
    
   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS 
    
   
 72 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 7A. 
    
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
   
 140 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 8. 
    
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
    
   
 144 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 8A. 
    
   UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTAL PRESENTATION OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
    
   
 218 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 9. 
    
   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE 
    
   
 220 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 9A. 
    
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
   
 220 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 9B. 
    
 OTHER INFORMATION 
    
   
 221 
    
 
 
 
 
   PART III. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 10. 
    
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
    
   
 222 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 11. 
    
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
    
   
 228 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 12. 
    
   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 
    
   
 248 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 13. 
    
   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
    
   
 250 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 14. 
    
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
    
   
 257 
    
 
 
 
 
   PART IV. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   ITEM 15. 
    
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
    
   
 259 
    
 
 
 
 
   SIGNATURES  
    
   
 268 
    
 
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Forward-Looking Statements    This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which reflect our
current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “believes,” “expects,”
“potential,” “continues,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “predicts,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates,”
“anticipates” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual
outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this report, as such factors may be
updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and
should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other periodic filings. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to
publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.    Website
and Social Media Disclosure    We use our website (www.blackstone.com), our corporate Facebook page
(www.facebook.com/blackstone) and our corporate Twitter account (@Blackstone) as channels of distribution of company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these
channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, you may automatically receive e-mail alerts and other information about Blackstone when you enroll your e-mail address by
visiting the “E-mail Alerts” section of our website at http://ir.blackstone.com/alerts.cfm?. The contents of our website and social media channels are not, however, a part of this report.  
       
 In this report, references to “Blackstone,” the “Partnership”, “we,” “us” or “our”
refer to The Blackstone Group L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this report to the ownership of Mr. Stephen A. Schwarzman, our founder, and other Blackstone personnel include the
ownership of personal planning vehicles and family members of these individuals.    “Blackstone Funds,” “our
funds” and “our investment funds” refer to the private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds, credit-focused funds, collateralized loan obligation (“CLO”) and collateralized debt obligation (“CDO”)
vehicles, real estate investment trusts and registered investment companies that are managed by Blackstone. “Our carry funds” refer to the private equity funds, real estate funds and certain of the credit-focused funds (with multi-year
drawdown, commitment-based structures that only pay carry on the realization of an investment) that are managed by Blackstone. Blackstone’s Private Equity segment comprises its management of corporate private equity funds (including our sector
and regional focused funds), which we refer to collectively as our Blackstone Capital Partners (“BCP”) funds, certain multi-asset class investment funds which we collectively refer to as our Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Accounts
(“Tactical Opportunities”), and Strategic Partners Fund Solutions (“Strategic Partners”), a secondary private fund of funds business. We refer to our real estate opportunistic funds as our Blackstone Real Estate Partners
(“BREP”) funds and our real estate debt investment funds as our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) funds. We refer to our listed real estate investment trusts as “REITs”. “Our hedge funds” refer
to our funds of hedge funds, certain of our real estate debt investment funds and certain other credit-focused funds, which are managed by Blackstone.  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  “Assets under management” refers to the assets we manage. Our Assets Under
Management equals the sum of:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us, plus the capital that we are entitled to call
from investors in those funds and entities pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods,  
   
 
 
   
 (b) 
 the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,  
   
 
 
   
 (c) 
 the fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
 the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our CLOs and CDOs during the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
 the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our CLOs and CDOs after the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (f) 
 the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies, and  
   
 
 
   
 (g) 
 the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, or similar instruments issued by our public REIT.  
 Our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election.
Our funds of hedge funds and hedge funds generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), in most cases upon advance written notice, with the
majority of our funds requiring from 60 days up to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. Investment advisory agreements related to separately managed accounts may generally be terminated by
an investor on 30 to 90 days’ notice.    “Fee-earning assets under management” refers to the assets we manage on
which we derive management and/or performance fees. Our Fee-Earning Assets Under Management equals the sum of:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 for our Private Equity segment funds and Real Estate segment carry funds including certain real estate debt investment funds and certain of our Hedge Fund Solutions
funds, the amount of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
 for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
     
 
 
   
 (c) 
 the remaining invested capital of co-investments managed by us on which we receive fees,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
 the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
 the fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (f) 
 the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings of our REITs, subject to certain adjustments,  
   
 
 
   
 (g) 
 the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our CLOs and CDOs, and  
   
 
 
   
 (h) 
 the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies.  
 Our calculations of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset
managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
presented by other asset managers. In addition, our calculation of assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from Blackstone and our
personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. Our definitions of assets under management or fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of assets under management or fee-earning
assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.    For our carry
funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the investments held, whereas fee-earning assets under management includes the amount of capital commitments, the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the
investment period has or has not expired or the fee terms of the fund. As such, fee-earning assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of
those investments.    This report does not constitute an offer of any Blackstone Fund.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I.      
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS    Overview  
 Blackstone is a leading global alternative asset manager and provider of financial advisory services, with Total Assets Under Management
of $265.8 billion as of December 31, 2013. As stewards of public funds, we look to drive outstanding results for our investors and clients by deploying capital and ideas to help businesses succeed and grow. Our alternative asset management
businesses include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, non-investment grade credit, secondary funds and multi-asset class exposures falling outside of other funds’ mandates. We also provide a wide
range of financial advisory services, including financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory, capital markets and fund placement services.    All of Blackstone’s businesses use a solutions oriented approach to drive better performance. Since we were founded in 1985, we have cultivated strong relationships with clients in our financial
advisory business, where we endeavor to provide objective and insightful solutions and advice that our clients can trust. We believe our scaled, diversified businesses, coupled with our long track record of investment performance, proven investment
approach and strong client relationships, position us to continue to perform well in a variety of market conditions, expand our assets under management and add complementary businesses.  
 Two of our primary limited partner constituencies are corporate and public pension funds. As a result, to the extent our funds perform
well, it supports a better retirement for hundreds of thousands of pensioners.    In addition, because we are a global firm with
a footprint on nearly every continent, our investments can make a difference around the world. We are committed to making our family of companies stronger in ways that can have transformative impacts on local economies.  
 As of December 31, 2013, we had 129 senior managing directors and employed approximately 840 other investment and advisory
professionals at our headquarters in New York and in 23 other cities around the world. We believe hiring, training and retaining talented individuals coupled with our rigorous investment process has supported our excellent investment record over
many years. This track record in turn has allowed us to successfully and repeatedly raise additional assets from an increasingly wide variety of sophisticated investors.    2013 Highlights    Accelerating Realization Activity  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   More constructive market backdrop has allowed for increasing exit activity for more seasoned investments, with total realizations rising to nearly
$30 billion, up from $13 billion in 2012.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Active participation in improving equity capital markets, including the successful initial public offerings of SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment,
Merlin Entertainments, Pinnacle Foods, Hilton, Extended Stay and Brixmor.    Record Global Investment Pace
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our funds, including co-investments, invested or committed $19.6 billion of capital.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global scale and diversity across asset classes allow Blackstone to identify relative value and move capital to the most attractive opportunities. For
the first time, nearly half of capital deployed during the year was outside of North America. Real Estate continued its strong pace with $11.6 billion deployed or committed, followed by Private Equity at $5.0 billion.
 
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Continued Double-Digit Total Assets Under Management Growth  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Double-digit Total Assets Under Management growth across all investing businesses—Private Equity, Real Estate, Hedge Fund Solutions and
Credit—due to significant inflows and market appreciation.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Gross organic capital inflows of over $50 billion across our businesses, or over $60 billion including acquisitions.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge Fund Solutions external gross inflows of $9.1 billion, including inflows from BAAM’s permanent capital vehicle acquiring general
partner interests in hedge funds (initial close of $1.1 billion) as well as BAAM’s first alternative investment-focused 1940 Act mutual fund for the retail market.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Tactical Opportunities closed on an additional $3.4 billion in the year, bringing total commitments to $5.1 billion.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Initial close of $688 million for our latest Strategic Partners secondary fund of funds.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In Real Estate, our first Asian real estate fund grew to $3.2 billion, while our fourth European fund reached $5.6 billion in total
commitments, both approaching their caps of $5.0 billion and $6.9 billion, respectively. In addition, BREDS II raised $3.3 billion.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit continued to diversify the platform and launch new products, driving $18.8 billion in gross inflows during the year.
   Strategic Acquisitions      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In August 2013, we completed our acquisition of Strategic Partners Fund Solutions, a secondary private fund of funds business, adding $9.4 billion
to Total Assets Under Management.    Industry-Leading Credit Rating  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   On December 11, 2013, S&P upgraded Blackstone’s rating to A+, matching Fitch’s rating, making Blackstone the highest rated
alternative asset manager and one of the highest rated global financial services firms.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Strong balance sheet with no net debt, $2.1 billion in total cash, corporate treasury and liquid investments, and $1.1 billion undrawn
revolver.    Positively Impacting Communities  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In support of the White House’s Joining Forces initiative, we launched the Blackstone Veterans Hiring Initiative, committing to hire 50,000
veterans across our portfolio of companies over a five year period and hosting our inaugural Veterans Hiring Summit. The Blackstone Charitable Foundation supported this initiative with an announced Request for Proposal for grants targeting
organizations that focus on veterans’ employment and business development; 8,000 veterans have been hired since the initiative was announced in April 2013.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Blackstone Charitable Foundation continued to innovate projects and partnered with organizations aimed at accelerating entrepreneurship, job growth
and economic activity as part of its $50 million Entrepreneurship Initiative.    Business Segments  
 Our five business segments are: (a) Private Equity, (b) Real Estate, (c) Hedge Fund Solutions, (d) Credit, and
(e) Financial Advisory.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Information about our business segments should be read together with “Part II.
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the historical financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.  
 Private Equity  
 Our Private Equity segment, established in 1987, is a global business with approximately 200 investment professionals managing
$65.7 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2013. We are focused on identifying, managing and creating lasting value for our investors. Our Private Equity segment includes our corporate private equity funds, our
Tactical Opportunities business, which pursues a global multi-asset class approach to investing in illiquid assets focused on timely opportunities that fall outside our other alternative fund strategies, as well as Strategic Partners, our secondary
private fund of funds business acquired on August 5, 2013. We have raised six general private equity funds as well as two specialized funds focusing on energy and communications-related investments. We are currently investing from our sixth
general private equity fund, Blackstone Capital Partners VI (“BCP VI”) and our energy fund, Blackstone Energy Partners (“BEP”), which have fund sizes of $15.2 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively. In addition, we are
investing capital for Tactical Opportunities which, as of December 31, 2013, had raised $5.1 billion of capital, and raising capital for our latest Strategic Partners vehicle. From an operation focused in our early years on consummating
leveraged buyout acquisitions of U.S. based companies, we have grown into a business pursuing transactions throughout the world and executing not only typical leveraged buyout acquisitions of seasoned companies but also transactions involving growth
equity or start-up businesses in established industries, minority investments, corporate partnerships, distressed debt, structured securities and industry consolidations, in all cases in strictly friendly transactions. Our Private Equity
segment’s multi-dimensional investment approach is guided by several core investment principles: corporate partnerships, sector expertise, a contrarian bias (for example, investing in out-of-favor / under-appreciated industries), global scope,
distressed securities investing, significant number of exclusive opportunities, superior financing expertise, operations oversight and a strong focus on value creation. Our existing corporate private equity funds invest primarily in
control-oriented, privately negotiated investments and generally utilize leverage in consummating the investments they make. For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our Private Equity segment, see “—Incentive
Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.    Real Estate  
 We have become a world leader in real estate investing since launching our first real estate fund in 1994 and, with our approximately 190
investment professionals, manage $79.4 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2013. We have managed or continue to manage seven global opportunistic real estate funds, four European focused opportunistic real estate
funds, an Asian focused opportunistic real estate fund, a number of real estate debt investment funds, CDOs, a publicly traded REIT (“BXMT”) and an acquired Asian real estate platform. Our real estate opportunity funds are diversified
geographically and have made significant investments in lodging, major urban office buildings, shopping centers, residential and a variety of real estate operating companies. Our debt investment funds target high yield real estate debt related
investment opportunities in the public and private markets, primarily in the United States and Europe. We refer to our real estate opportunistic funds as our BREP funds and our real estate debt investment funds as our BREDS funds. Our Real Estate
segment’s investing approach is guided by several core investment principles, many of which are similar to our Private Equity segment, including global scope, a significant number of exclusive opportunities, superior financing expertise,
operations oversight and a strong focus on value creation. For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our Real Estate segment, see “—Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.  
 Hedge Fund Solutions    Our Hedge Fund Solutions group, which is comprised primarily of Blackstone Alternative Asset Management (“BAAM”), was organized in 1990 and manages a broad range of commingled funds of hedge
 
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
funds and customized vehicles. BAAM’s businesses also include hedge fund seed, long-only, special situations and advisory platforms. BAAM also has launched a public funds platform. Working
with our clients over the past 23 years, BAAM has developed into a leading manager of institutional funds of hedge funds with approximately 130 investment professionals managing $55.7 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of
December 31, 2013. BAAM’s overall investment philosophy is to protect and grow investors’ assets through both commingled and custom-tailored investment strategies designed to deliver compelling risk-adjusted returns and mitigate risk.
Diversification, risk management, due diligence and a focus on downside protection are key tenets of our approach. For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our Hedge Fund Solutions segment, see “—Incentive
Arrangements / Fee Structure” in this Item 1.    Credit  
 Our credit business, comprised principally of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”), with $65.0 billion of Total Assets Under
Management as of December 31, 2013 and approximately 130 investment professionals, is a leading participant in the leveraged finance markets. The funds we manage or sub-advise include senior credit-focused funds, distressed debt funds,
mezzanine funds and general credit-focused funds concentrated in the leveraged finance marketplace. GSO also manages separately managed accounts and registered investment companies including business development companies. These vehicles have
investment portfolios comprised of loans and securities spread across the capital structure, including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity. GSO may utilize leverage in connection with the investments that the
credit-focused funds, separately managed accounts or registered investment companies make. GSO manages 55 separate CLOs as of December 31, 2013, focused primarily on senior secured debt issued by a diverse universe of non-investment grade
companies.    Financial Advisory    Our Financial Advisory segment comprises our financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and Park Hill Group, which provides
fund placement services for alternative investment funds. Our financial advisory businesses are global businesses with approximately 260 professionals around the world.    Financial and Strategic Advisory Services (“Blackstone Advisory Partners”) . Blackstone Advisory Partners has been an independent provider of creative solutions to institutional clients
around the globe on complex strategic initiatives for over 25 years. We focus on a wide range of transaction execution capabilities, such as with respect to acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, minority investments, asset swaps, divestitures,
takeover defenses, corporate finance advisory, private placements and distressed sales. Recent clients include Advance Auto Parts, Aviva plc, Brightpoint, Deutsche Annington, DONG Energy, Georgia-Pacific, J.C. Penney, Los Angeles Dodgers, Noble
Group, NYSE Euronext, W.R. Grace and Xerox. The success of Blackstone Advisory Partners has resulted from a highly experienced team focused on our core principles, including protecting client confidentiality, prioritizing our client’s
interests, avoidance of conflicts and senior-level attention. The 22 senior managing directors in Blackstone Advisory Partners have an average of over 20 years of experience each in providing corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions advice.
Through Blackstone Advisory Partners, we also provide capital markets services, primarily underwriting securities offerings. Recent transactions in which we have participated include the initial public offerings for Brixmor, Extended Stay and
Pinnacle Foods, the initial public offering and secondary offering for SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment, and the initial public offering and debt refinancing for Hilton.  
 Restructuring and Reorganization Advisory Services (“Restructuring and Reorganization”).  Our Restructuring and
Reorganization group is one of the leading advisers in both out-of-court restructurings and in-court bankruptcies. Our Restructuring and Reorganization team advises companies, creditors, corporate parents, hedge funds, financial sponsors and
acquirers of troubled companies. This group is particularly active in large, complex and high-profile deals. Recent clients include Ambac Financial Group, BGP Investment, Clearwire,  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Dana Gas, Enterprise, J.C. Penney, Kodak creditors, MBIA Corp., Patriot Coal, Travelport and W.R. Grace. Senior-level attention, out-of-court focus, global emphasis and the ability to facilitate
prompt, creative resolutions are critical ingredients in our restructuring and reorganization advisory approach. We have one of the most seasoned and experienced restructuring teams in the financial services industry, working on a significant share
of the major restructuring assignments in this area. Our five senior managing directors have an average of 22 years of experience each in restructuring assignments and employ the skills we feel are crucial to successful restructuring outcomes.
   Fund Placement Services/Park Hill Group . Park Hill Group provides fund placement services for private equity funds,
real estate funds, venture capital funds and hedge funds. Park Hill Group primarily provides placement services to unrelated third party sponsored funds. It also assists in raising capital for our own investment funds and provides insights into new
alternative asset products and trends. Park Hill Group and our investment funds mutually benefit from the other’s relationships with both limited partners and other fund sponsors.    Financial and Other Information by Segment    Financial and other information
by segment for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 is set forth in Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data” of this filing.    Pátria Investments  
 On October 1, 2010, we purchased a 40% equity interest in Pátria Investments Limited and Pátria Investimentos Ltda.
(collectively, “Pátria”). Pátria is a leading Brazilian alternative asset manager and advisory firm that was founded in 1988. As of December 31, 2013, Pátria’s alternative asset management businesses managed
$6.4 billion in assets and include the management of private equity funds ($2.5 billion), real estate funds ($1.2 billion), infrastructure funds ($2.3 billion) and hedge funds ($456.8 million). Pátria has approximately 200
employees and is led by a group of four managing partners. Our investment in Pátria is a minority, non-controlling investment, which we record using the equity method of accounting. We have representatives on Pátria’s board
of directors in proportion to our ownership, but we do not control the day-to-day management of the firm or the investment decisions of their funds, all of which continues to reside with the local Brazilian partners.  
 Pátria is currently investing its fourth private equity fund, which has $1.3 billion of commitments. Pátria’s
private equity business primarily targets high-growth industries in Brazil and has successfully built leading companies through its operational focus and platform building approach. Pátria is currently investing its third real estate fund.
Its real estate funds have focused primarily on Brazilian real estate development, particularly build-to-suit, sale leaseback and buy-lease transactions. Pátria is also currently pursuing more opportunistic real estate investments within
Brazil. Pátria’s infrastructure business is in its third vintage. Its first fund concentrated on renewable energy generation, including early stage projects in Brazil. The second and third infrastructure funds are a joint venture with
Promon Engenharia, a leading engineering consultancy firm within Brazil, with a broad mandate for infrastructure and infrastructure-related investments in Brazil and selected other Latin American countries. The firm’s capital management group
manages a variety of liquid funds with strategies focused on currency, sovereign debt, credit, interest rates and equities in Brazil. Pátria’s investors are diversified and include Brazilian and international institutional and high-net
worth investors.    Pátria’s advisory business focuses on mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic
partnerships, corporate finance and restructuring for Brazilian and multinational companies. In March 2012, Pátria acquired a 50% stake in Capitale, one of the leading independent power trading companies in Brazil.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Investment Process and Risk Management  
 We maintain a rigorous investment process across all of our funds, accounts and other investment vehicles. Each fund, account or other
vehicle has investment policies and procedures that generally contain requirements and limitations for investments, such as limitations relating to the amount that will be invested in any one investment and the types of industries or geographic
regions in which the fund, account or other vehicle will invest, as well as limitations required by law.    Private Equity Funds
   Our Private Equity investment professionals are responsible for selecting, evaluating, structuring, diligencing,
negotiating, executing, managing and exiting investments, as well as pursuing operational improvements and value creation. After an initial selection, evaluation and diligence process, the relevant team of investment professionals (i.e., the deal
team) will present a proposed transaction at a weekly review committee meeting comprised of senior managing directors of our Private Equity segment. Review committee meetings are led by an executive committee of several senior managing directors of
our Private Equity segment. After discussing the contemplated transaction with the deal team, the review committee decides whether to give its preliminary approval to the deal team to continue pursuing the investment opportunity and investigate
further any particular issues raised by the review committee during the process.    Once a proposed transaction has reached a
more advanced stage, it undergoes a detailed interim review by the review committee of our private equity funds. Following assimilation of the review committee’s input and its decision to proceed with a proposed transaction, the proposed
investment is vetted by the investment committee. The investment committee of our private equity funds is composed of Stephen A. Schwarzman, Hamilton E. James and selected senior managing directors of our Private Equity segment as appropriate based
on the location and sector of the proposed transaction. The investment committee is responsible for approving all investment decisions made on behalf of our private equity funds. Both the review committee and the investment committee processes
involve a consensus approach to decision making among committee members.    The investment professionals of our private equity
funds are responsible for monitoring an investment once it is made and for making recommendations with respect to exiting an investment. In addition to members of a deal team and our portfolio operations group, which is responsible for monitoring
and assisting in enhancing portfolio companies’ operations and value, all professionals in the Private Equity segment meet several times each year to review the performance of the funds’ portfolio companies.  
 Our Strategic Partners secondary private equity investment professionals seek capital appreciation through the purchase of secondary
interests in mature, high-quality private equity funds from investors seeking liquidity. After rigorous, highly analytical investment and operational due diligence, the Strategic Partners’ investment professionals will present a proposed
transaction to the group’s Investment Committee. The Strategic Partners Investment Committee is made up of senior members of the Strategic Partners team, including all of the group’s Senior Managing Directors. The Investment Committee
meets on an ad hoc basis as needed to review transactions. After reviewing the investment team’s Investment Committee Memorandum and discussing the contemplated transaction with the deal team, the Investment Committee decides whether to approve
or deny the investment. The investment professionals on the Strategic Partners team are responsible for monitoring each investment once it is made. In addition to members of the investment team, and given the large number of underlying investments,
the Strategic Partners Finance team will also track investment valuations pursuant to the group’s valuation policies and procedures.  
 Real Estate Funds  
 Our Real Estate investment professionals are responsible for selecting, evaluating, structuring, diligencing, negotiating, executing,
managing, monitoring and exiting investments, as well as pursuing operational improvements and value creation. Our real estate operation has an investment committee similar to that described  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
under “—Private Equity Funds.” After an initial selection, evaluation and diligence process, the relevant team of investment professionals (i.e., the deal team) will present a
proposed transaction at a weekly meeting of the investment committee. The real estate investment committee, which includes Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. James and the senior managing directors in the Real Estate segment, scrutinizes potential
transactions, provides guidance and instructions at the appropriate stage of each transaction and approves the making and disposition of each BREP fund investment. The committee also approves significant illiquid investments by the BREDS funds.
Additionally, BXMT has an investment risk management committee comprised solely of independent directors, which is responsible for approving certain significant BXMT investments. In addition to members of a deal team and our asset management group
responsible for monitoring and assisting in enhancing portfolio companies’ operations and value, senior professionals in the Real Estate segment meet several times each year to review the performance of the funds’ portfolio companies and
other investments.    Hedge Fund Solutions    Before deciding to invest in a new hedge fund or with a new hedge fund manager, our Hedge Fund Solutions team conducts extensive due diligence, including an on-site “front office” review of the
fund’s/manager’s performance, investment terms, investment strategy and investment personnel, a “back office” review of the fund’s/manager’s operations, processes, risk management and internal controls, industry
reference checks and a legal review of the investment structures and legal documents. Once initial due diligence procedures are completed and the investment and other professionals are satisfied with the results of the review, the team will present
the potential investment to the relevant Hedge Fund Solutions’ Investment Committee. The Investment Committees are comprised of relevant senior managing directors and senior investment personnel. The Hedge Fund Solutions’ Executive
Committee reviews and approves all investment allocations where there is limited capacity or there are other unusual circumstances. Existing investments are reviewed and monitored on a regular and continuous basis, and J. Tomilson Hill, CEO of Hedge
Fund Solutions and Vice Chairman of Blackstone, and other senior members of our Hedge Fund Solutions team meet bi-weekly with Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James to review the group’s business and affairs.  
 Credit    Each of
our credit-focused funds has an investment committee similar to that described under “—Private Equity Funds.” The investment committees for the credit-focused funds, which typically include Bennett J. Goodman, J. Albert Smith III and
Douglas I. Ostrover and senior members of the respective investment teams associated with each fund, review potential transactions, provide input regarding the scope of due diligence and approve recommended investments and dispositions. These
investment committees have delegated certain abilities to approve investments and dispositions to credit committees within each operation which consist of the senior members of the respective investment teams associated with each fund. In addition,
senior members of GSO, including Mr. Goodman, Mr. Smith III and Mr. Ostrover, meet regularly with Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James to discuss investment and risk management activities and market conditions.  
 The investment decisions for the customized credit long-only clients are made by a separate investment committee, which is comprised of
the group’s senior managing directors and managing directors. With limited exceptions where the portfolio managers are looking to capitalize on market opportunities, the investment committee approves all assets prior to the initial investment
by any investment vehicle in such asset. The investment team is staffed by professionals within research, portfolio management, trading and capital formation to ensure active management of the portfolios and to afford focus on all aspects of our
CLOs and registered investment companies. Investment decisions follow a consensus-based approach and require unanimous approval of the investment committee. Industry-focused research analysts provide the committee with a formal and comprehensive
review of any new investment recommendation, while our portfolio managers and trading professionals provide opinions on other technical aspects of the recommendation. Investments are subject to predetermined periodic reviews to assess their
continued fit within the funds. Our research team constantly monitors the operating performance of the underlying issuers, while portfolio managers, in concert with our traders, focus on optimizing asset composition to maximize value for our
investors.  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Structure and Operation of Our Investment Vehicles  
 We conduct the sponsorship and management of our carry funds and other similar vehicles primarily through a partnership structure in which
limited partnerships organized by us accept commitments and/or funds for investment from institutional investors and (to a limited extent) high-net worth individuals. Such commitments are generally drawn down from investors on an as needed basis to
fund investments over a specified term. All of our private equity and private real estate funds are commitment structured funds, except for two of our real estate debt funds which are structured like hedge funds where all of the committed capital is
funded on or promptly after the investor’s subscription date and cash proceeds resulting from the disposition of investments can be reused indefinitely for further investment, subject to certain investor withdrawal rights. Our Real Estate
business also includes a NYSE listed real estate investment trust and a registered closed-end investment company complex, each of which is externally managed by a BREDS-owned adviser. Our credit-focused funds are generally commitment structured
funds or hedge funds where the investor’s capital is fully funded into the fund upon or soon after the subscription for interests in the fund. Eight credit-focused vehicles that we manage or sub-advise in whole or in part are registered
investment companies (including business development companies). The CLO vehicles we manage are structured investment vehicles that are generally private companies with limited liability. Most of our funds of hedge funds are structured as funds
where the investor’s capital is fully funded into the fund upon the subscription for interests in the fund. Our private investment funds are generally organized as limited partnerships with respect to U.S. domiciled vehicles and limited
liability (and other similar) companies with respect to non-U.S. domiciled vehicles. In the case of our separately managed accounts, the investor, rather than us, generally controls the investment vehicle that holds or has custody of the investments
we advise the vehicle to make.    Our investment funds, separately managed accounts and other vehicles are generally advised by
a Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser that is registered under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or “Advisers Act.” Substantially all of the responsibility for the day-to-day operations of each investment vehicle is
typically delegated to the Blackstone entity serving as investment adviser pursuant to an investment advisory (or similar) agreement. Generally, the material terms of our investment advisory agreements relate to the scope of services to be rendered
by the investment adviser to the applicable vehicle, the calculation of management fees to be borne by investors in our investment vehicles, the calculation of and the manner and extent to which other fees received by the investment adviser from
fund portfolio companies serve to offset or reduce the management fees payable by investors in our investment vehicles and certain rights of termination with respect to our investment advisory agreements. With the exception of the registered funds
described below, the investment vehicles themselves do not generally register as investment companies under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, or “1940 Act,” in reliance on Section 3(c)(7) or Section 7(d) thereof or,
typically in the case of vehicles formed prior to 1997, Section 3(c)(1) thereof. Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act exempts from its registration requirements investment vehicles privately placed in the United States whose securities are
owned exclusively by persons who, at the time of acquisition of such securities, are “qualified purchasers” as defined under the 1940 Act. Section 3(c)(1) of the 1940 Act exempts from its registration requirements privately placed
investment vehicles whose securities are beneficially owned by not more than 100 persons. In addition, under current interpretations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), Section 7(d) of the 1940 Act exempts
from registration any non-U.S. investment vehicle all of whose outstanding securities are beneficially owned either by non-U.S. residents or by U.S. residents that are qualified purchasers. With respect to BXMT, it conducts its operations (i.e.,
purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other interests in real estate) so that it is not an “investment company” as defined in Section 3(a)(1)(A) or Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act.  
 In some cases, one or more of our investment advisers, including GSO, BAAM and BREDS advisers, advises or sub-advises funds registered
under the 1940 Act.    In addition to having an investment adviser, each investment fund that is a limited partnership, or
“partnership” fund, also has a general partner that makes all operational and investment decisions relating to the conduct of the investment fund’s business. Furthermore, all decisions concerning the making, monitoring and
 
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
disposing of investments are made by the general partner. The limited partners of the partnership funds take no part in the conduct or control of the business of the investment funds, have no
right or authority to act for or bind the investment funds and have no influence over the voting or disposition of the securities or other assets held by the investment funds. These decisions are made by the investment fund’s general partner in
its sole discretion. With the exception of certain of our funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds, third party investors in our funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the liquidation date of the
investment fund without cause by a simple majority vote. In addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with
regard to managing the fund (for example, both of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James in the case of certain of our private equity funds), then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a simple
majority vote in accordance with specified procedures, accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an investor-by-investor basis, or the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and the vote of a simple majority of investors is
required to restart it.    Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure    Management Fees    The investment adviser of each of our carry funds
generally receives an annual management fee based upon a percentage of the fund’s capital commitments and/or invested capital during the investment period and the fund’s invested capital or investment fair value after the investment
period, except that the investment advisers to certain of our credit-focused carry funds receive an annual management fee that is based upon a percentage of invested capital or net asset value throughout the term of the fund. The investment adviser
of each of our funds that are structured like hedge funds, or of our funds of hedge funds and separately managed accounts that invest in hedge funds, generally receives an annual management fee that is based upon a percentage of the fund’s or
account’s net asset value. The investment adviser of each of our CLOs and CDOs typically receives annual management fees based upon a percentage of each fund’s total assets, subject to certain performance measures related to the underlying
assets the vehicle owns, and additional management fees which are incentive-based (that is, subject to meeting certain return criteria). The investment adviser of our separately managed accounts typically receives annual management fees typically
based upon a percentage of each account’s net asset value or invested capital. The investment adviser of each of our credit-focused registered and non-registered investment companies typically receives annual management fees based upon a
percentage of each company’s net asset value or total managed assets. The investment adviser of BXMT receives annual management fees based upon a percentage of BXMT’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated “core
earnings” (which is generally equal to its GAAP net income excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments. For additional information regarding the management fee rates we receive, see “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies—Revenue Recognition—Management and Advisory Fees”.    The management fees we receive from our carry funds are payable on a regular basis (typically quarterly) in the contractually prescribed amounts noted above over the life of the fund and do not depend on
the investment performance of the fund. The management fees we receive from our hedge funds have similar characteristics, except that such funds often afford investors increased liquidity through annual, semi-annual or quarterly withdrawal or
redemption rights following the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn (typically between one and three years) and the amount of management fees to which the investment adviser is entitled with respect thereto
will proportionately increase as the net asset value of each investor’s capital account grows and will proportionately decrease as the net asset value of each investor’s capital account decreases. The management fees we receive from our
separately managed accounts are generally paid on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and may alternatively be based on invested capital or proportionately increase or decrease based on the net asset value of the separately managed account. In
each case the management fees we are paid for managing a separately managed account will generally be subject to contractual rights the investor has to terminate our management of an account on as short as 30 days’ prior notice. The management
fees we  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
receive from the registered investment companies we manage are generally paid on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and proportionately increase or decrease based on the net asset value or
gross assets of the investment company. The management fees we are paid for managing the investment company will generally be subject to contractual rights the company’s board of directors (or, in the case of the business development company we
manage, the investment adviser) has to terminate our management of an account on as short as 30 days’ prior notice. The management fees we receive from managing BXMT are paid quarterly and proportionately increase or decrease based on, among
other things, BXMT’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings (subject to certain adjustments).  
 Incentive Fees  
 The general partners or similar entities of each of our hedge fund structures receive performance-based allocation fees (“incentive
fees”) of generally 20% of the applicable fund’s net capital appreciation per annum, subject to certain net loss carry-forward provisions (known as a “high water mark”). In some cases, the investment adviser of each of our funds
of hedge funds, separately managed accounts that invest in hedge funds and certain registered investment companies is entitled to an incentive fee generally ranging from zero to 15% of the applicable investment vehicle’s net appreciation per
annum, subject to a high water mark and in some cases a preferred return. In addition, for the business development companies we sub-advise, we receive incentive fees of 10% of the vehicle’s net appreciation per annum, subject to a preferred
return. The investment adviser of BXMT is entitled to an incentive fee, payable quarterly, in an amount, not less than zero, equal to the product of (a) 20% and (b) the excess of (i) its core earnings for the previous 12-month period
over (ii) an amount equal to 7.00% per annum multiplied by the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings (subject to certain adjustments). Incentive Fees are realized at the end of a measurement period,
typically annually. Once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback.    Carried Interest  
 The general partner or an affiliate of each of our carry funds also receives carried interest from the investment fund. Carried interest
entitles the general partner (or an affiliate) to a preferred allocation of income and gains from a fund. Our ability to generate carried interest is an important element of our business and carried interest has historically accounted for a very
significant portion of our income.    The carried interest is typically structured as a net profits interest in the applicable
fund. In the case of our carry funds, carried interest is calculated on a “realized gain” basis, and each general partner is generally entitled to a carried interest equal to 20% of the net realized income and gains (generally taking into
account unrealized losses) generated by such fund, except that the general partners (or affiliates) of certain of our credit-focused funds, real estate debt funds, multi-asset class investment funds and secondary funds of funds are entitled to a
carried interest that ranges from 10% to 15% depending on the specific fund. Net realized income or loss is not netted between or among funds.    For most carry funds, the carried interest is subject to an annual preferred limited partner return ranging from 7% to 10%, subject to a catch-up allocation to the general partner. If, at the end of the
life of a carry fund (or earlier with respect to our real estate and certain multi-asset class investment funds), as a result of diminished performance of later investments in a carry fund’s life, (a) the general partner receives in excess
of 20% (10% to 15% in the case of certain of our credit-focused and real estate debt carry funds, certain of our secondary funds of funds and certain multi-asset class investment funds) of the fund’s net profits over the life of the fund, or
(in certain cases) (b) the carry fund has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold, then we will be obligated to repay an amount equal to the carried interest that was previously distributed to us that exceeds
the amounts to which we are ultimately entitled. This obligation is known as a “clawback” obligation and is an obligation of any person who directly received such carried interest, including us and our employees who participate in our
carried interest plans.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Although a portion of any distributions by us to our unitholders may include any carried
interest received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our unitholders return any portion of such distributions attributable to carried interest associated with any clawback obligation. The
clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund’s own net investment performance only and performance fees of other funds are not netted for determining this contingent obligation. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is
several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of carried interest (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share, then we and our employees who participate in
such carried interest plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally up to an additional 50%) beyond what we actually received in carried interest, although we will retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing
agreements against those carried interest recipients who fail to fund their obligations. We have recorded a contingent repayment obligation equal to the amount that would be due on December 31, 2013, if the various carry funds were liquidated
at their current carrying value.    For additional information concerning the clawback obligations we could face, see
“—Item 1A. Risk Factors—We may not have sufficient cash to pay back ‘clawback’ obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.”  
 Advisory Fees  
 Many of our investment advisers, especially private equity and real estate advisers, receive customary fees (for example, acquisition fees
or origination fees) upon consummation of many of the funds’ transactions, receive monitoring fees from many of the funds’ portfolio companies for continued advice from the investment adviser, and may from time to time receive disposition
and other fees in connection with their activities. The acquisition fees that they receive are generally calculated as a percentage (that generally can range up to 1%) of the total enterprise value of the acquired entity. Most of our carry funds are
required to reduce the management fees charged to their limited partner investors by 50% to 100% of such transaction fees and certain other fees that they receive.    Capital Invested In and Alongside Our Investment Funds    To further align
our interests with those of investors in our investment funds, we have invested the firm’s capital and that of our personnel in the investment funds we sponsor and manage. Minimum general partner capital commitments to our investment funds are
determined separately with respect to our investment funds and, generally, are less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of any particular fund. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Liquidity Needs” for more information regarding our minimum general partner capital commitments to our funds. We determine whether to make general partner capital commitments to our funds in excess of the minimum
required commitments based on a variety of factors, including estimates regarding liquidity over the estimated time period during which commitments will be funded, estimates regarding the amounts of capital that may be appropriate for other
opportunities or other funds we may be in the process of raising or are considering raising, prevailing industry standards with respect to sponsor commitments and our general working capital requirements. In many cases, we require our senior
managing directors and other professionals to fund a portion of the general partner capital commitments to our funds. In other cases, we may from time to time offer to our senior managing directors and employees a part of the funded or unfunded
general partner commitments to our investment funds. Our general partner capital commitments are funded with cash and not with carried interest or deferral of management fees.    Investors in many of our funds also receive the opportunity to make additional “co-investments” with the investment funds. Our personnel, as well as Blackstone itself, also have the opportunity
to make co-investments, which we refer to as “side-by-side investments,” with many of our carry funds. Co-investments and side-by-side investments are investments in portfolio companies or other assets on the same terms and conditions as
those  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
acquired by the applicable fund. Co-investments refer to investments arranged by us that are made by our limited partner investors (and other investors in some instances) in a portfolio company
or other assets alongside an investment fund. In certain cases, limited partner investors may pay additional management fees or carried interest in connection with such co-investments. Side-by-side investments are similar to co-investments but are
made by directors, officers, senior managing directors, employees and certain affiliates of Blackstone. These investments are generally made pursuant to a binding election, subject to certain limitations, made once a year for the estimated activity
during the ensuing 12 months under which those persons are permitted to make investments alongside a particular carry fund in all transactions of that fund for that year. Side-by-side investments are funded in cash and are not generally subject to
management fees or carried interest.    Competition    The asset management and financial advisory industries are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. We compete both globally and on a regional, industry and niche basis. We compete on the
basis of a number of factors, including investment performance, transaction execution skills, access to capital, access to and retention of qualified personnel, reputation, range of products and services, innovation and price.  
 Asset Management . We face competition both in the pursuit of outside investors for our investment funds and in acquiring
investments in attractive portfolio companies and making other investments. With respect to outside investors, many have increased the amount of commitments they are making to alternative investment funds. However, any increase in the allocation of
amounts of capital to alternative investment strategies by institutional and individual investors could lead to a reduction in the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many of our investment funds seek to exploit. Certain institutional
investors are demonstrating a preference to in-source their own investment professionals and to make direct investments in alternative assets without the assistance of private equity advisers like us. Such institutional investors may become our
competitors and could cease to be our clients.    Depending on the investment, we face competition primarily from sponsors
managing other private equity funds, specialized investment funds, hedge funds and other pools of capital, other financial institutions including sovereign wealth funds, corporate buyers and other parties. Several of these competitors have
significant amounts of capital and many of them have investment objectives similar to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some of these competitors may also have a lower cost of capital and access to funding
sources or other resources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities. Competitors may also be subject to different regulatory regimes or rules that may provide them more
flexibility or better access to pursue transactions or raise capital for their investment funds. In addition, some of these competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to
consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments that we want to make. Corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings with regard to an investment or be perceived by sellers as otherwise
being more desirable bidders, which may provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for an investment.    Financial
Advisory . Our competitors are other advisory, investment banking and financial firms. Our primary competitors in our financial advisory business are large financial institutions, many of which have far greater financial and other resources and
much broader client relationships than us and (unlike us) have the ability to offer a wide range of products, from loans, deposit-taking and insurance to brokerage and a wide range of investment banking services, which may enhance their competitive
position. Our competitors also have the ability to support investment banking, including financial and strategic advisory services, with commercial banking, insurance and other financial services and products in an effort to gain market share, which
puts us at a competitive disadvantage and could result in pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability. In the current market environment, we are also seeing increased competition from independent boutique
advisory firms focused primarily on mergers and acquisitions and other strategic advisory and/or restructuring services. In addition, Park Hill Group operates in a highly competitive environment and the barriers to entry into the fund placement
business are low.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In all of our businesses, competition is also intense for the attraction and retention of
qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees.  
 For additional information concerning the competitive risks that we face, see “—Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our
Asset Management Business—The asset management business is intensely competitive” and “—Risks Related to Our Financial Advisory Business—We face strong competition from other financial advisory firms”.  
 Employees    As of
December 31, 2013, we employed approximately 2,010 people, including our 129 senior managing directors and approximately 840 other investment and advisory professionals. We strive to maintain a work environment that fosters professionalism,
excellence, integrity and cooperation among our employees.    Regulatory and Compliance Matters  
 Our businesses, as well as the financial services industry generally, are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and
elsewhere.    All of the investment advisers of our investment funds operating in the U.S. are registered as investment advisers
with the SEC (other investment advisers are registered in non-U.S. jurisdictions). Registered investment advisers are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Advisers Act. Such requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties
to clients, maintaining an effective compliance program, solicitation agreements, conflicts of interest, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between an adviser and
advisory clients, and general anti-fraud prohibitions.    Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P., a subsidiary of ours through which
we conduct our financial and strategic advisory business, is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or “FINRA,” and is registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states, the
District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Park Hill Group LLC is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC, is a member of FINRA and is registered as a broker-dealer in numerous states. Park Hill Real Estate
Group LLC, which has been registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC, a member of FINRA, and a broker-dealer in numerous states, was merged into Park Hill Group LLC during 2013, and continues to conduct its business as a division of Park Hill Group
LLC. Our broker-dealer entities are subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC. In addition, FINRA, a self-regulatory organization that is subject to oversight by the SEC, adopts and enforces rules governing the conduct, and examines the
activities, of its member firms, including our broker-dealer entities. State securities regulators also have regulatory or oversight authority over our broker-dealer entities.    Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including the implementation of a supervisory control system over the securities business, sales practices,
conduct of and compensation in connection with public and private securities offerings, use and safekeeping of customers’ funds and securities, maintenance of adequate net capital, record keeping, the financing of customers’ purchases and
the conduct and qualifications of directors, officers and employees. In particular, as registered broker-dealers and members of FINRA, Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. and Park Hill Group LLC are subject to the SEC’s uniform net capital rule,
Rule 15c3-1. Rule 15c3-1 specifies the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a significant part of a broker-dealer’s assets be kept in relatively liquid form. The SEC and various self-regulatory
organizations impose rules that require notification when net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, limit the ratio of subordinated debt to equity in the capital structure of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to
expand its business under certain circumstances.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Additionally, the SEC’s uniform net capital rule imposes certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring
prior notice to the SEC for certain withdrawals of capital.    The Blackstone Group International Partners LLP and GSO Capital
Partners International LLP (“GSO International”) are both authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) in the United Kingdom. The U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, or “FSMA,” and rules
promulgated thereunder govern all aspects of our investment business in the United Kingdom, including sales, research and trading practices, provision of investment advice, use and safekeeping of client funds and securities, regulatory capital,
record keeping, margin practices and procedures, approval standards for individuals, anti-money laundering, periodic reporting and settlement procedures. Pursuant to the FSMA, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulations promulgated and
administered by the FCA.    In addition, each of the closed-end mutual funds and investment management companies we manage is
registered under the 1940 Act as a closed-end investment company. The closed-end mutual funds and investment management companies and the entities that serve as those vehicles’ investment advisers are subject to the 1940 Act and the rules
thereunder, which among other things regulate the relationship between a registered investment company and its investment adviser and prohibit or severely restrict principal transactions and joint transactions.  
 Blackstone/GSO Debt Funds Management Europe Limited is authorized by the Central Bank of Ireland and is authorized to act as a manager of
Irish non-UCITS Collective Investment Schemes. Certain Blackstone operating entities are licensed and subject to regulation by financial regulatory authorities in Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and Singapore.  
 The SEC and various self-regulatory organizations have in recent years increased their regulatory activities, including regulation,
examination and enforcement in respect of asset management firms.    Certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with
laws and regulations of U.S. federal and state governments, non-U.S. governments (including, without limitation, India, Japan and Hong Kong), their respective agencies and/or various self-regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to, among
other things, marketing of investment products, the privacy of client information, and any failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to liability and/or damage our reputation. Our businesses have operated for many years within a legal
framework that requires our being able to monitor and comply with a broad range of legal and regulatory developments that affect our activities. However, additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by self-regulatory organizations or
changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the United States or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability.    Rigorous legal and compliance analysis of our businesses and investments is important to our culture and risk management. In addition, disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over
financial reporting are documented, tested and assessed for design and operating effectiveness in compliance with the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We strive to maintain a culture of compliance through the use of policies and procedures such as
oversight compliance, codes of conduct, compliance systems, communication of compliance guidance and employee education and training. Our enterprise risk management function further analyzes our business, investment, and other key risks, reinforcing
their importance in our environment. We have a compliance group that monitors our compliance with all of the regulatory requirements to which we are subject and manages our compliance policies and procedures. Our Chief Compliance Officer, in
coordination with the Chief Legal Officer, supervises our compliance group, which is responsible for addressing all regulatory and compliance matters that affect our activities. Our compliance policies and procedures address a variety of regulatory
and compliance risks such as the handling of material non-public information, position reporting, personal securities trading, valuation of investments on a fund-specific basis, document retention, potential conflicts of interest and the allocation
of investment opportunities.  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our compliance group also monitors the information barriers that we maintain between the
public and private side of Blackstone’s different businesses. We believe that our various businesses’ access to the intellectual knowledge and contacts and relationships that reside throughout our firm benefits all of our businesses. In
order to maximize that access without compromising our compliance with the legal and contractual obligations to which we are subject, our compliance group oversees and monitors the communications between groups that are on the private side of our
information barrier and groups that are on the public side, as well as between different public side groups. Our compliance group also monitors contractual obligations that may be impacted and potential conflicts that may arise in connection with
these inter-group discussions.    The firm also has an Internal Audit department with a global mandate and dedicated resources
that provides risk-based audit, Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance, and enterprise risk management functions. Internal Audit aims to provide reasonable, independent, and objective assurance to our management and the board of directors of our general
partner that risks are well-managed and that controls are appropriate and effective.    There are a number of pending or
recently enacted legislative and regulatory initiatives in the United States and in Europe that could significantly affect our business. Please see “Regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business” and
“Recent regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business” in “—Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business.”  
 Available Information  
 The Blackstone Group L.P. is a Delaware limited partnership that was formed on March 12, 2007.  
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. These filings are available to the public over the
internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file at the SEC’s public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the public reference room.    Our principal internet address is www.blackstone.com. We make available free of
charge on or through www.blackstone.com our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on  Form 8-K,  and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this report.  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS    Risks Related to Our
Business    Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance
of the investments made by our investment funds, reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital and reducing the volume of the transactions involving our financial advisory business, each of which could materially reduce our
revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.    Our business is materially affected by conditions
in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in
laws (including laws relating to taxation), trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls and national and international political circumstances (including wars, terrorist acts or security operations). These factors may
affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these market conditions and/or other events. In the event of a market downturn
each of our businesses could be affected in different ways.    For example, the unprecedented turmoil in the global financial
markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility of securities prices, contraction in the availability of credit and the failure of a number of companies, including leading financial institutions, which had a significant material adverse
effect on our investment businesses, particularly our private equity and real estate businesses. During that period, many economies around the world, including the U.S. economy, experienced significant declines in employment, household wealth, and
lending. The lack of credit in 2008 and 2009 materially hindered the initiation of new, large-sized transactions for our private equity and real estate segments and adversely impacted our operating results in those periods. While the adverse effects
of that period have abated to a significant degree, global financial markets have experienced volatility at various times since, including in response to the May 2013 suggestion that the Federal Reserve could slow the pace of asset purchases in the
coming months. As publicly traded equity securities represent a higher proportion of the assets of many of our carry funds than has typically been the case, stock market volatility may have a greater impact on our reported results than in the past.
Although credit spreads are inside of historical averages and all-in financing costs are below those prevailing prior to the recession, there is concern that the favorability of market conditions may be dependent on continued monetary policy
accommodation from central banks, especially the U.S. Federal Reserve. Additional reductions in the pace of U.S. Federal Reserve asset purchases (i.e., “tapering”) could have unpredictable consequences for credit markets, which may create
adverse consequences for deal finance conditions and negatively impact our business. Economic activity and employment in developed economies remain below levels implied by pre-recession trends and financial institutions have not provided debt
financing in amounts and on the terms commensurate with what they provided prior to 2008, particularly in Europe. In addition, many emerging economies have recently experienced weakness, tighter credit conditions and a decreased availability of
foreign capital. Continued weakness could result in lower returns than we anticipated at the time certain of our investments were made.    Interest rates have been at historically low levels for the last few years. These rates may remain relatively low or rise in the future and a period of sharply rising interest rates could have an adverse
impact on our business.    Our funds may be affected by reduced opportunities to exit and realize value from their investments,
by lower than expected returns on investments made prior to the deterioration of the credit markets and by the possibility that we may not be able to find suitable investments for the funds to effectively deploy capital, which could adversely
affect our ability to raise new funds. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns (which may be across one or more industries, sectors or geographies), our funds’ portfolio companies may experience adverse operating performance,
decreased revenues, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
access to financing and increased funding costs. Negative financial results in our investment funds’ portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds,
which could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise new funds as well as our operating results and cash flow. To the extent the operating performance of those portfolio companies (as well as valuation multiples) do not improve or other
portfolio companies experience adverse operating performance, our investment funds may sell those assets at values that are less than we projected or even a loss, thereby significantly affecting those investment funds’ performance and
consequently our operating results and cash flow. During such periods of weakness, our investment funds’ portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or other
expenses as they become due, including expenses payable to us. Furthermore, such negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, thereby potentially resulting in a complete loss of the
fund’s investment in such portfolio company and a significant negative impact to the investment fund’s performance and consequently to our operating results and cash flow, as well as to our reputation. In addition, negative market
conditions would also increase the risk of default with respect to investments held by our investment funds that have significant debt investments, such as our credit-focused funds. We are unable to predict whether and to what extent economic and
market conditions will improve. Even if such conditions do improve broadly and significantly over the long term, adverse conditions and/or other events in particular sectors may cause our performance to suffer further.  
 Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses and the possibility that we would be
unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. In order to reduce expenses in the face of a difficult economic environment, we may need to cut
back or eliminate the use of certain services or service providers, or terminate the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be
adversely affected.    In addition, our financial advisory business can be materially affected by conditions in the global
economy and various financial markets. For example, revenues generated by our financial advisory business are directly related to the volume and value of the transactions in which we are involved. During periods of unfavorable market or economic
conditions, the volume and value of mergers and acquisitions transactions may decrease, thereby reducing the demand for our financial advisory services and increasing price competition among financial services companies seeking such engagements.
   Changes in the debt financing markets could negatively impact the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to obtain
attractive financing or re-financing for their investments and could increase the cost of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.  
 Any recurrence of the significant contraction in the market for debt financing that occurred in 2008 and 2009 or other adverse change,
including any regulatory changes that would limit banks’ ability to provide debt financing, to us relating to the terms of such debt financing with, for example, higher rates, higher equity requirements, and/or more restrictive covenants,
particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, would have a material adverse impact on our business. In the event that our funds are unable to obtain committed debt financing for potential
acquisitions or can only obtain debt at an increased interest rate or on unfavorable terms, our funds may have difficulty completing otherwise profitable acquisitions or may generate profits that are lower than would otherwise be the case, either of
which could lead to a decrease in the investment income earned by us. Similarly, our funds’ portfolio companies regularly utilize the corporate debt markets in order to obtain financing for their operations. To the extent that the credit
markets and/or regulatory changes render such financing difficult to obtain or more expensive, this may negatively impact the operating performance of those portfolio companies and, therefore, the investment returns on our funds. In addition, to the
extent that the markets and/or regulatory changes make it difficult or impossible to refinance debt that is maturing in the near term, some of our portfolio companies may be unable to repay such debt at maturity and may be forced to sell assets,
undergo a recapitalization or seek bankruptcy protection.  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A decline in the pace or size of investment by our private equity and real estate funds or an increase
in the amount of transaction and monitoring fees we share with our investors would result in our receiving less revenue from transaction and monitoring fees.    The transaction and monitoring fees that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our private equity and real estate funds make investments and the size of those investments. Any decline in that
pace or the size of such investments would reduce our transaction and monitoring fees. Many factors could cause such a decline in the pace of investment, including the inability of our investment professionals to identify attractive investment
opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of capital on attractive terms and our failure to consummate identified investment opportunities because of business, regulatory or legal
complexities and adverse developments in the U.S. or global economy or financial markets. In addition, we have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to increase the
percentage of transaction and monitoring fees we share with our investors. To the extent we accommodate such requests, and in certain cases we have and we expect to continue to do so, it would result in a decrease in the amount of fee revenue we
earn.    Our revenue, net income and cash flow are all highly variable, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings
growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common units to decline.    Our revenue, net income and cash
flow are all highly variable. For example, our cash flow may fluctuate significantly due to the fact that we receive carried interest from our carry funds only when investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. In addition,
transaction fees received by our carry funds and fees received by our advisory business can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. We may also experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter
due to a number of other factors, including changes in the values of our funds’ investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses, the degree to which we
encounter competition and general economic and market conditions. Such variability may lead to volatility in the trading price of our common units and cause our results for a particular period not to be indicative of our performance in a future
period. It may be difficult for us to achieve steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements in the price of our common units or increased volatility in our common unit price
generally.    The timing and receipt of carried interest generated by our carry funds is uncertain and will contribute to the
volatility of our results. Carried interest depends on our carry funds’ performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. It takes a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities, to raise all
the funds needed to make an investment and then to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment through a sale, public offering, recapitalization or other exit. Even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be several years
before any profits can be realized in cash (or other proceeds). We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. In addition, upon the realization of a profitable investment by any of our carry funds and prior to us
receiving any carried interest in respect of that investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and expenses and achieved a certain return on all
realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. If we were to have a realization event in a particular quarter, it may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter which may not be
replicated in subsequent quarters. We recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds, and a decline in realized or unrealized
gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow, which could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. Because our carry funds have preferred return thresholds to
investors that need to be met prior to Blackstone receiving any carried interest, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any carried interest distributions paid to
us in respect of that fund since the value of the assets in the fund would need to recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any carried interest from that fund.  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The timing and receipt of carried interest also varies with the life cycle of our carry
funds. During periods in which a relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their “harvesting” period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising
or investment periods that precede harvesting. During periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower carried interest
distributions.    With respect to most of our funds of hedge funds and credit-focused and real estate debt funds structured like
hedge funds, our incentive income is paid annually or semi-annually, and the varying frequency of these payments will contribute to the volatility of our cash flow. Furthermore, we earn this incentive income only if the net asset value of a fund has
increased or, in the case of certain funds, increased beyond a particular return threshold. Certain of these funds also have “high water marks” whereby we do not earn incentive income during a particular period even though the fund had
positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. If one of these funds experiences losses, we will not be able to earn incentive income from the fund until it surpasses the previous high water mark. The incentive income we
earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value of the fund, which could lead to significant volatility in our results.    We
also earn a portion of our revenue from financial advisory engagements, and in many cases we are not paid until the successful consummation of the underlying transaction, restructuring or closing of the fund. As a result, our financial advisory
revenue is highly dependent on market conditions and the decisions and actions of our clients, interested third parties and governmental authorities. If a transaction, restructuring or funding is not consummated, we often do not receive any
financial advisory fees other than the reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses, despite the fact that we may have devoted considerable resources to these transactions.    Because our revenue, net income and cash flow can be highly variable from quarter to quarter and year to year, we do not provide any guidance regarding our expected quarterly and annual operating results.
The lack of guidance may affect the expectations of public market analysts and could cause increased volatility in our common unit price.  
 Adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect our liquidity position, which could adversely affect our business operations in the
future.    We use cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, which principally
includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses and other obligations as they arise, (d) fund capital expenditures,
(e) service interest payments on our debt and repay debt, (f) pay income taxes, and (g) make distributions to our unitholders and the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. In addition to the cash we received in connection
with our initial public offering (“IPO”), our $600 million debt offering in August 2009, our $400 million debt offering in September 2010 and our $650 million debt offering in August 2012, our principal sources of cash are:
(a) Fee Related Earnings, (b) Realized Performance Fees net of related profit sharing interests that are included in Compensation and (c) Blackstone Investment Income related to its investments in liquid funds and its net realized
investment income on its illiquid investments. We have also entered into a $1.1 billion revolving credit facility with a final maturity date of July 13, 2017. Our long-term debt totaled $1.6 billion in borrowings from the 2009, 2010
and 2012 bond issuances and we had no borrowings outstanding against our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2013. At the end of 2013, we had $832.0 million in cash, $1.2 billion invested in our Treasury Cash
Management Strategies, $114.3 million invested in liquid Blackstone funds, $2.5 billion invested in illiquid Blackstone funds and $201.5 million invested in other investments.  
 If the global economy and conditions in the financing markets worsen, our fund investment performance could suffer, resulting in, for
example, the payment of less or no carried interest to us. The payment of less or no carried interest could cause our cash flow from operations to significantly decrease, which could materially and
 
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
adversely affect our liquidity position and the amount of cash we have on hand to conduct our operations and make distributions to our unitholders. Having less cash on hand could in turn require
us to rely on other sources of cash (such as the capital markets which may not be available to us on acceptable terms) to conduct our operations, which include, for example, funding significant general partner and co-investment commitments to our
carry funds, or to make quarterly distributions to our unitholders. Furthermore, during adverse economic and market conditions, we might not be able to renew all or part of our existing revolving credit facility or find alternate financing on
commercially reasonable terms. As a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby potentially affecting our liquidity position.    We depend on our founder and other key senior managing directors and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition.
   We depend on the efforts, skill, reputations and business contacts of our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, and other
key senior managing directors, the information and deal flow they generate during the normal course of their activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by our professionals. Accordingly, our success will
depend on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us. Several key senior managing directors have left the firm in the past and others may do so in the future, and we cannot predict the impact that
the departure of any key senior managing director will have on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. The loss of the services of any of them could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income and cash flows and could harm
our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. We have historically relied in part on the interests of these professionals in the investment funds’ carried interest and
incentive fees to discourage them from leaving the firm. However, to the extent our investment funds perform poorly, thereby reducing the potential for carried interest and incentive fees, their interests in carried interest and incentive fees
become less valuable to them and become less effective as incentives for them to continue to be employed at Blackstone.    Our
senior managing directors and other key personnel possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with investors in our funds, clients and other members of the business community. As a result, the loss of these
personnel could jeopardize our relationships with investors in our funds, our clients and members of the business community and result in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities.  
 Our publicly traded structure may adversely affect our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to
recruit, retain and motivate new senior managing directors and other key personnel, both of which could adversely affect our business, results and financial condition.    Our most important asset is our people, and our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our senior managing directors and other professionals. Our future success and growth depends to a
substantial degree on our ability to retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel and to strategically recruit, retain and motivate new talented personnel. Most of our current senior managing directors and other senior
personnel have equity interests in our business that are primarily partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (as defined under “Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Agreements”) and which entitle such personnel to cash distributions. However, the value of such Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and the distributions in respect of these equity interests may not be sufficient to
retain and motivate our senior managing directors and other key personnel, nor may they be sufficiently attractive to strategically recruit, retain and motivate new talented personnel. Moreover, prior to our IPO, many of our senior managing
directors and other senior personnel had interests in each of our underlying businesses which may have entitled to them to a larger amount of cash distributions than they receive in respect of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Additionally, the retention of an increasingly larger portion of the Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units held by senior managing directors is not dependent upon their continued employment with us as those equity interests continue to vest as time passes. Moreover, the minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions
to which these interests are subject in certain instances lapse over time, may not be enforceable in all cases and can be waived. There is no guarantee that the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors
are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving us, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us or that these agreements will be enforceable in all cases. In addition, these agreements will
expire after a certain period of time, at which point each of our senior managing directors would be free to compete against us and solicit investors in our funds, clients and employees.  
 We might not be able to provide future senior managing directors with equity interests in our business to the same extent or with the
same tax consequences from which our existing senior managing directors previously benefited. For example, if legislation were to be enacted by the U.S. Congress or any state or local governments to treat carried interest as ordinary income rather
than as capital gain for tax purposes, such legislation would materially increase the amount of taxes that we and possibly our unitholders would be required to pay, thereby adversely affecting our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our current
and future professionals. See “—Risks Related to United States Taxation—Our structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure also is subject
to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.”    Alternatively, the value of the units we may issue senior managing directors at any given time may subsequently fall (as reflected in the market price of our common units), which could counteract the
incentives we are seeking to induce in them. Therefore, in order to recruit and retain existing and future senior managing directors, we may need to increase the level of compensation that we pay to them. Accordingly, as we promote or hire new
senior managing directors over time, we may increase the level of compensation we pay to our senior managing directors, which would cause our total employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of our total revenue to increase and
adversely affect our profitability. In addition, issuance of equity interests in our business in the future to senior managing directors and other personnel would dilute public common unitholders.  
 We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment of interests with
investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which
could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.    Our organizational documents do not limit our
ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses.  
 Our plan, to the extent that market conditions permit, is to grow our investment and financial advisory businesses and expand into new
investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses. Our organizational documents do not limit us to the investment management and financial advisory businesses. Accordingly, we may pursue growth through acquisitions of other investment
management or advisory companies, acquisitions of critical business partners or other strategic initiatives. In addition, we expect opportunities will arise to acquire other alternative or traditional asset managers. To the extent we make strategic
investments or acquisitions, undertake other strategic initiatives or enter into a new line of business, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (a) the required investment of capital and other resources,
(b) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, (c) combining or integrating operational and management systems and controls, and
(d) the broadening of our geographic footprint, including the risks associated with conducting operations in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Entry into certain lines of business may subject us to new laws and regulations with which
 
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
we are not familiar, or from which we are currently exempt, and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. For example, our recent and planned business initiatives include offering
registered investment products and the creation of investment products open to retail investors. These activities will impose additional compliance burdens on us and could also subject us to enhanced regulatory scrutiny and expose us to greater
reputation and litigation risk. In addition, if a new business generates insufficient revenues or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations will be adversely affected. Our strategic initiatives may
include joint ventures, in which case we will be subject to additional risks and uncertainties in that we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to systems, controls and personnel that are not under
our control.    If we are unable to consummate or successfully integrate additional development opportunities, acquisitions or joint
ventures, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy successfully.    Our growth strategy is based, in part, on
the selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses, advisory businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. The success of this strategy
will depend on, among other things: (a) the availability of suitable opportunities, (b) the level of competition from other companies that may have greater financial resources, (c) our ability to value potential development or
acquisition opportunities accurately and negotiate acceptable terms for those opportunities, (d) our ability to obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities and to comply with applicable laws and
regulations without incurring undue costs and delays and (e) our ability to identify and enter into mutually beneficial relationships with venture partners. Moreover, even if we are able to identify and successfully complete an acquisition, we
may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs associated with integrating and overseeing the operations of the new businesses. If we are not successful in implementing our growth strategy, our business, financial results and the
market price for our common units may be adversely affected.    The U.S. Congress has considered legislation that, if enacted, would have
(a) for taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, precluded us from qualifying as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or required us to hold carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations and
(b) taxed individual holders of common units with respect to certain income and gains at increased rates. If any similar legislation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a material increase in our tax liability and a substantial
portion of our income could be taxed at a higher rate to the individual holders of our common units.    Over the past
several years, a number of legislative and administrative proposals to change the taxation of Carried Interest have been introduced and, in certain cases, have been passed by the U.S. House of Representatives that would have, in general, treated
income and gains, including gain on sale, attributable to an investment services partnership interest, or “ISPI”, as income subject to a new blended tax rate that is higher than the capital gains rate applicable to such income under
current law, except to the extent such ISPI would have been considered under the legislation to be a qualified capital interest. Our common units and the interests that we hold in entities that are entitled to receive Carried Interest would likely
have been classified as ISPIs for purposes of this legislation. It is unclear whether or when the U.S. Congress will pass such legislation or what provisions will be included in any final legislation if enacted.  
 The most recent legislative proposals provided that, for taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, income derived
with respect to an ISPI that is not a qualified capital interest and that is subject to the foregoing rules would not meet the qualifying income requirements under the publicly traded partnership rules. Therefore, if similar legislation were to be
enacted, following such ten-year period, we would be precluded from qualifying as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or be required to hold all such ISPIs through corporations. If we were taxed as a U.S. corporation or held all ISPIs
through U.S. corporations, our effective tax rate could increase significantly. The federal statutory rate for corporations is currently 35%. In addition, we could be subject to increased state and local taxes. Furthermore, you could be subject to
tax on our conversion into a corporation or any restructuring required in order for us to hold our ISPIs through a corporation.  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Obama administration proposed policies similar to Congress that would tax income and
gain, including gain on sale, attributable to an ISPI at ordinary rates, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. The proposal would also characterize certain income and gain in respect of ISPIs as non-qualifying income under the
tax rules applicable to publicly traded partnerships after a ten-year transition period from the effective date, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. The Obama administration proposed similar changes in its published revenue
proposals for 2013 and prior years.    On February 26, 2014, Representative Camp, Chairman of the House Ways and Means
Committee, released a discussion draft of proposed legislation that would introduce major changes to the U.S. federal income tax system (the “2014 Camp Proposal”). It would, among other things (a) generally treat publicly traded
partnerships (other than those deriving 90 percent of their income from activities relating to mining and natural resources) as taxable corporations for tax years beginning after 2016 and (b) recharacterize a portion of capital gain from
certain partnership interests held in connection with the performance of services as ordinary income for tax years beginning after 2014.    States and other jurisdictions have also considered legislation to increase taxes with respect to Carried Interest. For example, in 2010, the New York State Assembly passed a bill, which could have caused
a non-resident of New York who holds our common units to be subject to New York state income tax on carried interest earned by entities in which we hold an indirect interest, thereby requiring the non-resident to file a New York state income tax
return reporting such carried interest income. This legislation would have been retroactive to January 1, 2010. It is unclear whether or when similar legislation will be enacted. Finally, several state and local jurisdictions are evaluating
ways to subject partnerships to entity level taxation through the imposition of state or local income, franchise or other forms of taxation or to increase the amount of such taxation. If any state were to impose a tax upon us as an entity, our
distribution to you would be reduced.    Additional proposed changes in the U.S. taxation of businesses could adversely affect us.
   The Obama administration has announced other proposals for potential reform to the U.S. federal income tax rules for
businesses, including reducing the deductibility of interest for corporations, reducing the top marginal rate on corporations and subjecting entities currently treated as partnerships for tax purposes to an entity level income tax similar to the
corporate income tax. Several proposals for reform if enacted could adversely affect us. It is unclear what any actual legislation would provide, when it would be proposed or what its prospects for enactment would be.  
 The 2014 Camp Proposal, in addition to the proposed changes discussed above relating to publicly traded partnerships and carried
interest, includes proposed provisions for the migration of the United States from a “worldwide” system of taxation, pursuant to which U.S. corporations are taxed on their worldwide income, to a territorial system where U.S. corporations
are taxed only on their U.S. source income (subject to certain exceptions for income derived in low-tax jurisdictions from the exploitation of tangible assets) at a top corporate tax rate that would be 25%. The 2014 Camp Proposal includes numerous
revenue raisers to offset the reduction in the tax rate and base which may or may not be detrimental to us, including changes to the rules for depreciating or amortizing assets, including goodwill, and changes to rules affecting real estate
investment trusts, partnerships and tax-exempt entities. Senator Baucus recently proposed a similar territorial U.S. tax system, but with more expansive U.S. taxation of the foreign profits of non-U.S. subsidiaries of U.S. corporations. The Baucus
proposal would also eliminate the withholding tax exemption on portfolio interest debt obligations for investors residing in non-treaty jurisdictions. Whether these proposals will be enacted by the government and in what form is unknown, as are the
ultimate consequences of the proposed legislation.    The potential requirement to convert our financial statements from being prepared in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to International Financial Reporting Standards may strain our resources and increase our annual expenses.  
 As a public entity, the SEC may require in the future that we report our financial results under International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRS”) instead of under accounting principles generally accepted in the United  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). IFRS is a set of accounting principles that has been gaining acceptance on a worldwide basis. These standards are published by the London-based
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and are more focused on objectives and principles and less reliant on detailed rules than U.S. GAAP. Today, there remain significant and material differences in several key areas between
U.S. GAAP and IFRS which would affect Blackstone. Additionally, U.S. GAAP provides specific guidance in classes of accounting transactions for which equivalent guidance in IFRS does not exist. The adoption of IFRS is highly complex and would have an
impact on many aspects and operations of Blackstone, including but not limited to financial accounting and reporting systems, internal controls, taxes, borrowing covenants and cash management. It is expected that a significant amount of time,
internal and external resources and expenses over a multi-year period would be required for this conversion.    Operational risks may
disrupt our businesses, result in losses or limit our growth.    We rely heavily on our financial, accounting,
communications and other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. In addition, our systems are from time to time subject
to cyberattacks. Breaches of our network security systems could involve attacks that are intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, often through the introduction
of computer viruses, cyberattacks and other means and could originate from a wide variety of sources, including unknown third parties outside the firm. Although we take various measures to ensure the integrity of our systems, there can be no
assurance that these measures will provide protection. If our systems are compromised, do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our investment funds, regulatory
intervention or reputational damage.    In addition, we operate in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems
and technology. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs
related to such information systems, could have a material adverse effect on us.    Furthermore, we depend on our headquarters
in New York City, where most of our personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or
other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery
programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all.  
 Finally, we rely on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems and
technology and administration of our hedge funds. Any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology could impair the quality of the funds’ operations and could
affect our reputation and hence adversely affect our businesses.    Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and
creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus could result in additional burdens on our business. Legislative or regulatory changes could adversely affect us.  
 Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, by governmental and self regulatory organizations in the
jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. Many of these regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the United States, are empowered to conduct
investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or investment adviser
from registration or  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
memberships or the commencement of a civil or criminal lawsuit against us or our personnel. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction or the sanction imposed against us
or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new asset
management or financial advisory clients.    In addition, we regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the U.S.
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or “Securities Act,” the Exchange Act, the 1940 Act and the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, in conducting our asset management activities. These exemptions are sometimes
highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. If for any reason these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third party claims and
our business could be materially and adversely affected. For example, the SEC recently amended Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act to impose “bad actor” disqualification provisions which ban an issuer from offering or selling
securities pursuant to the safe harbor rule in Rule 506 if the issuer, or any other “covered person”, is the subject of a criminal, regulatory or court order or other “disqualifying event” under the rule which has not been
waived. The definition of “covered person” under the rule includes an issuer’s directors, general partners, managing members and executive officers; affiliates who are also issuing securities in the offering; beneficial owners of 20%
or more of the issuer’s outstanding equity securities; and promoters and persons compensated for soliciting investors in the offering. Accordingly, our ability to rely on Rule 506 to offer or sell securities would be impaired if we or any
“covered person” is the subject of a disqualifying event under the rule and we are unable to obtain a waiver. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed primarily to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect
investors in our investment funds and are not designed to protect our common unitholders. Consequently, these regulations often serve to limit our activities and impose burdensome compliance requirements.  
 The Iran Threat Reduction and Syrian Human Rights Act of 2012 (“ITRA”) expands the scope of U.S. sanctions against Iran. More
specifically, Section 219 of the ITRA amended the Exchange Act to require companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions
involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain OFAC sanctions engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. In some cases, ITRA requires companies to
disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under U.S. law. Companies that may be considered our affiliates have publicly filed and/or provided to us the disclosures reproduced on Exhibit 99.1 of each of our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2013, August 8, 2013 and November 8, 2013 as well as Exhibit 99.1 of this report, which disclosures are hereby incorporated by reference herein. We have not independently verified or participated in the
preparation of these disclosures. We are required to separately file with the SEC a notice that such activities have been disclosed in this report, and the SEC is required to post this notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the
U.S. President and certain U.S. Congressional committees. The U.S. President thereafter is required to initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation, to determine whether sanctions should be imposed. Disclosure
of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our
business.    Regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business.  
 As a result of the financial crisis and highly publicized financial scandals, investors have exhibited concerns over the integrity of the
U.S. financial markets and the regulatory environment in which we operate in the United States. There has been active debate over the appropriate extent of regulation and oversight of private investment funds and their managers. We may be adversely
affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC or other U.S. governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. We also may be adversely affected by
changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), which imposes significant new regulations on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including aspects of our business. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act includes
the following provisions that could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Dodd-Frank Act established the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the “FSOC”), which is comprised of representatives of all the major
U.S. financial regulators, to act as the financial system’s systemic risk regulator with the authority to review the activities of non-bank financial companies predominantly engaged in financial activities and designate those companies
determined to be “systemically important” for supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”). Such designation is applicable to companies where material distress could pose risk to the
financial stability of the United States. On April 3, 2012, the FSOC issued a final rule and interpretive guidance regarding the process by which it will designate nonbank financial companies as systemically important. The final rule and
interpretive guidance details a three-stage process, with the level of scrutiny increasing at each stage. Initially, the FSOC will apply a broad set of uniform quantitative metrics to screen out financial companies that do not warrant additional
review. The FSOC will consider whether a company has at least $50 billion in total consolidated assets and whether it meets other thresholds relating to credit default swaps outstanding, derivative liabilities, loans and bonds outstanding, a
minimum leverage ratio of total consolidated assets (excluding separate accounts) to total equity of 15 to 1, and a short-term debt ratio of debt (with maturities less than 12 months) to total consolidated assets (excluding separate accounts)
of 10%. A company that meets or exceeds both the asset threshold and one of the other thresholds will be subject to additional review. The review criteria could, and is expected to, evolve over time. While we believe it to be unlikely that we would
be designated as systemically important, if such designation were to occur, we would be subject to significantly increased levels of regulation, which includes, without limitation, a requirement to adopt heightened standards relating to capital,
leverage, liquidity, risk management, credit exposure reporting and concentration limits, restrictions on acquisitions and being subject to annual stress tests by the Federal Reserve. On July 8, 2013 and September 19, 2013, respectively,
the FSOC made its first designations of these non-bank financial companies for Federal Reserve supervision. As expected, we were not among them. In connection with the work of the FSOC, on October 31, 2011, the SEC and the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission issued a joint final rule on systemic risk reporting designed to assist the FSOC in gathering information from many sectors of the financial system for monitoring risks. This final rule requires large private equity fund advisers,
such as Blackstone, to submit reports, on Form PF, focusing primarily on the extent of leverage incurred by their funds’ portfolio companies, the use of bridge financing and their funds’ investments in financial institutions.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Dodd-Frank Act, under what has become known as the “Volcker Rule,” generally prohibits depository institution holding companies
(including foreign banks with U.S. branches and insurance companies with U.S. depository institution subsidiaries), insured depository institutions and subsidiaries and affiliates of such entities (collectively, “banking entities”) from
investing in or sponsoring private equity funds or hedge funds. The Volcker Rule became effective on July 21, 2012, kicking off a two-year conformance period. On December 10, 2013, the Federal Reserve and other federal agencies issued the
long-awaited final rules implementing the Volcker Rule. Concurrent with the release of such rules, the Federal Reserve issued an order granting an industry-wide one-year extension for all banking entities. As a result, banking entities must have
wound down, sold or otherwise conformed their activities, investments and relationships to the requirements of the Volcker Rule by July 2015, absent an extension to the conformance period by the Federal Reserve or an exemption for certain
“permitted activities”. The Federal Reserve may, upon a request by a banking entity, grant up to three separate one-year extensions to the conformance period. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act includes a special provision to address the
difficulty banking entities may experience in conforming investments in a private equity fund that qualifies as an “illiquid fund,” or a fund that as of May 1, 2010 was principally invested in, or was contractually committed to
principally invest in, illiquid assets and makes all investments pursuant to, and consistent with, an investment strategy to  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
principally invest in illiquid assets. For such a fund, a banking entity may seek approval for an additional extension of up to five years. While there is substantial uncertainty regarding the
availability of extensions and transition period relief, as well as general practical implications under the Volcker Rule, there are likely to be adverse implications on our ability to raise funds from banking organizations as a result of this
prohibition.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Dodd-Frank Act requires private equity and hedge fund advisers to register with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act, to maintain extensive
records and to file reports if deemed necessary for purposes of systemic assessment by certain governmental bodies. As described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, all of the investment advisers of our investment funds operated in the U.S. are registered
as investment advisers with the SEC.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes federal regulatory agencies to review and, in certain cases, prohibit compensation arrangements at financial institutions
that give employees incentives to engage in conduct deemed to encourage inappropriate risk taking by covered financial institutions. Such restrictions could limit our ability to recruit and retain investment professionals and senior management
executives.    Many of these provisions are subject to further rulemaking and to the discretion of regulatory
bodies, such as the FSOC, the Federal Reserve and the SEC.    In June 2010, the SEC approved Rule 206(4)-5 under the Advisers
Act regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers involving campaign contributions and other payments to government clients and elected officials able to exert influence on such clients. The rule prohibits investment advisers
from providing advisory services for compensation to a government client for two years, subject to very limited exceptions, after the investment adviser, its senior executives or its personnel involved in soliciting investments from government
entities make contributions to certain candidates and officials in position to influence the hiring of an investment adviser by such government client. Advisers are required to implement compliance policies designed, among other matters, to track
contributions by certain of the adviser’s employees and engagements of third parties that solicit government entities and to keep certain records in order to enable the SEC to determine compliance with the rule. Any failure on our part to
comply with the rule could expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage. In addition, there have been similar rules on a state level regarding “pay to play” practices by investment advisers.  
 In September 2010, California enacted legislation requiring placement agents who solicit funds from the California state retirement
systems, such as the California Public Employees’ Retirement System and the California State Teachers’ Retirement System to register as lobbyists. In addition to increased reporting requirements, the legislation prohibits placement agents
from receiving contingent compensation for soliciting investments from California state retirement systems. New York City has enacted similar measures that require asset management firms and their employees that solicit investments from New York
City’s five public pension systems to register as lobbyists. Like the California legislation, the New York City measures impose significant compliance obligations on registered lobbyists and their employers, including annual registration fees,
periodic disclosure reports and internal recordkeeping, and also prohibit the acceptance of contingent fees. Moreover, other states or municipalities may consider similar legislation as that enacted in California or adopt regulations or procedures
with similar effect. These types of measures could materially and adversely impact our fund placement business.    In June 2011,
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, an international body comprised of senior representatives of bank supervisory authorities and central banks from 27 countries, including the United States, announced the final framework for a comprehensive
set of capital and liquidity standards, commonly referred to as “Basel III,” for internationally active banking organizations. These new standards, which will be fully phased in by 2019, will require banks to hold more capital,
predominantly in the form of common equity, than under the current capital framework. Implementation of Basel III will require implementing regulations and guidelines by  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
member states. In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking regulators announced the adoption of final regulations to implement Basel III for U.S. banking organizations, subject to various transition
periods. Compliance with the Basel III standards may result in significant costs to banking organizations, which in turn may result in higher borrowing costs for the private sector, including our funds and portfolio companies, and reduced access to
certain types of credit. See “—Changes in the debt financing markets may negatively impact the ability of our private equity funds and their portfolio companies to obtain attractive financing for their investments and may increase the cost
of such financing if it is obtained, which could lead to lower yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.” In the United States, regulations have been proposed by the federal banking agencies, but they remain pending.
   It is impossible to determine the full extent of the impact on us of the Dodd-Frank Act or any other new laws, regulations or
initiatives that may be proposed or whether any of the proposals will become law. Any changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business, including the changes described above, may impose additional costs on us, require the attention of
our senior management or result in limitations on the manner in which we conduct our business. Moreover, as calls for additional regulation have increased, there may be a related increase in regulatory investigations of the trading and other
investment activities of alternative asset management funds, including our funds. Compliance with any new laws or regulations could make compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we conduct our business and adversely affect
our profitability.    Changes in U.S. tax law could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from certain foreign investors.
   Under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”), all entities in a broadly defined class of
foreign financial institutions (“FFIs”) are required to comply with a complicated and expansive reporting regime or, beginning in July of 2014, be subject to a 30% United States withholding tax on certain U.S. payments (and beginning in
2017, a 30% withholding tax on gross proceeds from the sale of U.S. stocks and securities) and non-U.S. entities which are not FFIs are required to either certify they have no substantial U.S. beneficial ownership or to report certain information
with respect to their substantial U.S. beneficial ownership or, beginning in July of 2014, be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax on certain U.S. payments (and beginning in 2017, a 30% withholding tax on gross proceeds from the sale of U.S. stocks
and securities). The reporting obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose information about certain investors to the IRS. In addition, the administrative and economic costs of compliance
with FATCA may discourage some foreign investors from investing in U.S. funds, which could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from these investors.    Recent regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.    Similar to the environment in the United States, the current environment in jurisdictions outside the United States in which we operate, in particular Europe, has become subject to further regulation.
Governmental regulators and other authorities in Europe have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives and additional rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business.  
 In November 2010, the European Parliament voted to approve the EU Directive on Alternative Investment Fund Managers, which establishes a
new EU regulatory regime for alternative investment fund managers, including private equity and hedge fund managers. The EU Directive generally applies to managers with a registered office in the EU (or managing an EU-based fund vehicle), but also
impacts non EU-based managers, such as our affiliates, that market securities of alternative investment funds in the EU. In general, the EU Directive will have a staged implementation over a period of years beginning in July 2013 for EU-based
managers (or EU-based funds) and no later than 2018 for non-EU based managers marketing non-EU-based funds into the EU. As a consequence of the transitional provisions that have been implemented, we have had to comply with certain requirements of
the EU Directive in order to market our investment funds into Europe, including compliance with disclosure and transparency guidelines and asset-stripping restrictions (which prohibit  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
distributions to shareholders for 24 months following closing of an acquisition). Blackstone’s compliance with the EU Directive, which can be no later than 2018, will subject it to a number
of additional requirements, including rules relating to the remuneration of certain personnel (principally adopting the provisions of the Capital Requirements Directive), certain capital requirements for alternative investment fund managers,
leverage oversight for each investment fund, liquidity management, and retention of depositaries for each investment fund. Compliance with the requirements of the EU Directive will impose additional compliance burdens and expense for us and could
reduce our operating flexibility and fundraising opportunities.    In Denmark and Germany, legislative amendments have been
adopted which may limit deductibility of interest and other financing expenses in companies in which our funds have invested or may invest in the future. In Denmark, annual net financing expenses in excess of a threshold amount (Danish krone
21.3 million on a consolidated basis, equal to €2.9 million translated at December 31, 2013) will be limited on the basis of earnings before interest and taxes and/or asset tax values. Further, effective for fiscal years starting
July 1, 2012 or later, the rules regarding the use of loss carry forward have been amended. Accordingly loss carry forward for each year can only reduce Danish corporate taxable income in excess of Danish krone 7.5 million (equal to
€1.0 million translated at December 31, 2013) by 60% on a consolidated basis. Losses in excess of the 60% threshold may be carried forward to subsequent years, albeit with similar restrictions. According to the German interest stripping
rules, interest expenses exceeding the interest income of the same fiscal year may be deducted only up to 30% of the (adjusted) taxable earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of the relevant German business (Betrieb) (subject
to specific certain exemptions), while any additional non-deductible interest may, if at all, only be claimed in subsequent years. These measures will most likely adversely affect portfolio companies in those countries in which our funds have
investments and limit the benefits of additional investments in those countries.    Our investment businesses are subject to the
risk that similar measures might be introduced in other countries in which our funds currently have investments or plan to invest in the future, or that other legislative or regulatory measures that negatively affect their respective portfolio
investments might be promulgated in any of the countries in which they invest. Blackstone’s non-U.S. advisory entities are, to the extent required, registered with the relevant regulatory authority of the jurisdiction in which the advisory
entity is domiciled. In addition, we voluntarily participate in several transparency initiatives, including those organized by the Private Equity Growth Capital Council, the British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association and others calling
for the reporting of information concerning companies in which certain of our funds have investments. The reporting related to such initiatives may divert the attention of our personnel and the management teams of our portfolio companies. Moreover,
sensitive business information relating to us or our portfolio companies could be publicly released.    Our use of leverage to finance our
business will expose us to substantial risks, which are exacerbated by our funds’ use of leverage to finance investments.    We intend to use borrowings to finance our business operations as a public company. For example, in August 2009, we issued $600 million of ten-year senior notes at a rate of 6.625% per annum, in
September 2010, we issued $400 million of ten-year senior notes at a rate of 5.875% per annum and in August 2012, we issued $400 million of ten-year senior notes at a rate of 4.75% per annum and $250 million of thirty-year
senior notes at a rate of 6.25% per annum. Borrowing to finance our businesses exposes us to the typical risks associated with the use of leverage, including those discussed below under “—Dependence on significant leverage in
investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments”. In order for us to utilize leverage to finance our business, we are dependent on financial institutions such as global
banks extending credit to us on terms that are reasonable to us. There is no guarantee that such institutions will continue to extend credit to us or renew any existing credit agreements we may have with them, or that we will be able to refinance
outstanding notes when they mature. We have a credit facility which provides for revolving credit borrowings that has a final maturity date of July 13, 2017. As borrowings under the facility or any other indebtedness mature, we may be required
to either refinance them by entering into a new facility, which could result in higher borrowing costs, or by issuing equity, which would dilute existing unitholders. We could also  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
repay them by using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, which could reduce distributions to our unitholders. We could have difficulty
entering into new facilities or issuing equity in the future on attractive terms, or at all. These risks are exacerbated by our funds’ use of leverage to finance investments.    We are subject to substantial litigation risks and may face significant liabilities and damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity.
   The investment decisions we make in our asset management business and the activities of our investment professionals
on behalf of portfolio companies of our carry funds may subject the companies, funds and us to the risk of third party litigation arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of those investment funds, the activities of our portfolio
companies and a variety of other litigation claims. For example, we are currently involved in a suit that alleges that we, along with other private equity firms and investment banks, have violated antitrust laws. From time to time we, our funds and
our portfolio companies have been and may be subject to class action suits by shareholders in public companies that we have agreed to acquire that challenge our acquisition transactions and/or attempt to enjoin them. Please see “—Legal
Proceedings” below for a discussion of certain proceedings to which we are currently a party.    In addition, to the extent
investors in our investment funds suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment funds, our senior managing directors or our affiliates
under the federal securities law and/or state law. While the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, other employees and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent
permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity does not extend to actions determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct
or other similar misconduct.    Our financial advisory activities may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients
and third parties, including our clients’ stockholders, under securities or other laws in connection with corporate transactions on which we render advice.    If any lawsuits were brought against us and resulted in a finding of substantial legal liability, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause
significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain investors and
advisory clients and to pursue investment opportunities for our carry funds. As a result, allegations of improper conduct by private litigants or regulators, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative
publicity and press speculation about us, our investment activities or the private equity industry in general, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, which may be more damaging to our business than to other types of businesses.  
 Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and
reputational harm. Fraud and other deceptive practices or other misconduct at our portfolio companies could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance.  
 There is a risk that our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a number of
obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our
clients and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest or our financial advisory clients. If our employees were improperly to use or disclose confidential
information, we could suffer serious harm to  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. It is not always possible to detect or deter employee misconduct, and the extensive precautions we take to detect
and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. If one of our employees were to engage in misconduct or were to be accused of such misconduct, our business and our reputation could be adversely affected.  
 In recent years, the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission have devoted greater resources to
enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”). In addition, the United Kingdom has recently significantly expanded the reach of its anti-bribery laws. While we have developed and implemented policies and procedures designed to
ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the FCPA, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could
subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties, material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely affect our
business prospects, financial position or the market value of our common units.    In addition, we will also be adversely
affected if there is misconduct by personnel of portfolio companies in which our funds invest. For example, failures by personnel at our portfolio companies to comply with anti-bribery, trade sanctions or other legal and regulatory requirements
could adversely affect our business and reputation. We may face increased risk of such misconduct to the extent our investment in non-U.S. markets, particularly emerging markets, increases. Such misconduct might undermine our due diligence efforts
with respect to such companies and could negatively affect the valuation of a fund’s investments.    Risks Related to Our Asset
Management Business    Poor performance of our investment funds would cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow, may
obligate us to repay carried interest previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future investment funds.    In the event that any of our investment funds were to perform poorly, our revenue, income and cash flow would decline because the value of our assets under management would decrease, which would result in
a reduction in management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the carried interest and incentive fees we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on our investments of our own principal as a result of poor
investment performance by our investment funds. Furthermore, if, as a result of poor performance of later investments in a carry fund’s life, the fund does not achieve certain investment returns for the fund over its life, we will be obligated
to repay the amount by which carried interest that was previously distributed to us exceeds amounts to which we are ultimately entitled.    Poor performance of our investment funds could make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. Investors in carry funds might decline to invest in future investment funds we raise and investors in
hedge funds or other investment funds might withdraw their investments as a result of poor performance of the investment funds in which they are invested. Investors and potential investors in our funds continually assess our investment funds’
performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future investment funds and avoid excessive redemption levels will depend on our investment funds’ continued satisfactory performance. Accordingly, poor fund performance may deter
future investment in our funds and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and ultimately, our management fee revenue. Alternatively, in the face of poor fund performance, investors could demand lower fees or fee concessions for existing
or future funds which would likewise decrease our revenue. A significant number of fund sponsors have recently decreased the amount of fees they charged investors for managing existing or successor funds as a direct result of poor fund performance.
 
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our asset management business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third party
investors. If we are unable to raise capital from third party investors, we would be unable to collect management fees or deploy their capital into investments and potentially collect transaction fees or carried interest, which would materially
reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.    Our ability to raise capital from third
party investors depends on a number of factors, including certain factors that are outside our control. Certain factors, such as the performance of the stock market or the asset allocation rules or regulations or investment policies to which such
third party investors are subject, could inhibit or restrict the ability of third party investors to make investments in our investment funds or the asset classes in which our investment funds invest. For example, during 2008 and 2009, many third
party investors that invest in alternative assets and have historically invested in our investment funds experienced significant volatility in valuations of their investment portfolios, including a significant decline in the value of their overall
private equity, real estate, venture capital and hedge fund portfolios, which affected our ability to raise capital from them. Coupled with a lack of realizations during that period from their existing private equity and real estate portfolios, many
of these investors were left with disproportionately outsized remaining commitments to a number of investment funds, which significantly limited their ability to make new commitments to third party managed investment funds such as those managed by
us. Our ability to raise new funds could similarly be hampered if the general appeal of private equity and alternative investments were to decline. An investment in a limited partner interest in a private equity fund is more illiquid and the returns
on such investment may be more volatile than an investment in securities for which there is a more active and transparent market. Private equity and alternative investments could fall into disfavor as a result of concerns about liquidity and
short-term performance. Such concerns could be exhibited, in particular, by public pension funds, which have historically been among the largest investors in alternative assets. Many public pension funds are significantly underfunded and their
funding problems have been exacerbated by the recent economic downturn. Concerns with liquidity could cause such public pension funds to reevaluate the appropriateness of alternative investments. Although economic conditions have improved and many
investors have increased the amount of commitments they are making to alternative investment funds, there is no assurance that this will continue.    In addition, certain institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, have demonstrated an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund
structure, such as managed accounts, smaller funds and co-investment vehicles. There can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as profitable for us as the traditional investment fund structure, or as to the impact such a trend could have on
the cost of our operations or profitability if we were to implement these alternative investment structures. Moreover, certain institutional investors are demonstrating a preference to in-source their own investment professionals and to make direct
investments in alternative assets without the assistance of private equity advisers like us. Such institutional investors may become our competitors and could cease to be our clients. As some existing investors cease or significantly curtail making
commitments to alternative investment funds, we may need to identify and attract new investors in order to maintain or increase the size of our investment funds. There are no assurances that we can find or secure commitments from those new
investors. If economic conditions were to deteriorate or if we are unable to find new investors, we might raise less than our desired amount for a given fund. Further, as we seek to expand into other asset classes, we may be unable to raise a
sufficient amount of capital to adequately support such businesses. If we are unable to successfully raise capital, it could materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.  
 In addition, in connection with raising new funds or making further investments in existing funds, we negotiate terms for such funds and
investments with existing and potential investors. The outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed or funds managed by our competitors. Such terms
could restrict our ability to raise investment funds with investment objectives or strategies that compete with existing funds, add additional expenses and obligations for us in managing the fund or increase our potential liabilities, all of which
could ultimately reduce our revenues. In addition, certain institutional investors have publicly criticized certain fund fee and expense structures, including management fees and transaction and advisory fees. Although we have no obligation to
modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so in our funds. For  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
example, we have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the
fees and carried interest and incentive fees we earn.    Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be subject to
significant subjectivity and the fair value of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds.  
 There are often no readily ascertainable market prices for illiquid investments in our private equity, real estate and certain of our
credit-focused funds. We determine the value of the investments of each of our private equity, real estate and credit-focused funds at least quarterly based on the fair value of such investments. The fair value of investments of a private equity,
real estate or credit-focused fund is generally determined using several methodologies described in the investment funds’ valuation policies.    Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity of operating companies or real estate properties. Fair values of such investments are determined by
reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), the discounted cash flow method, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures
which, in many cases, are unaudited at the time received. In determining fair values of real estate investments, we also consider projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, replacement costs and capitalization rates
(“cap rates”) analyses. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as EBITDA, by a
relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or
other similar methods. Additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash flow through debt maturity will also be considered in support of the investment’s carrying value. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of
management judgment.    In certain cases debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly
transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations
from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments.  
 The determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including but not limited to the
price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the
acquisition of the investment. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of management judgment. For example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation methodology than the other
sponsor does or derive a different value than the other sponsor has derived on the same investment. These differences might cause some investors to question our valuations.    Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an investment fund’s net
asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us on behalf of the investment fund when such investments are realized. Realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been
reflected in prior fund net asset values would result in losses for the applicable fund, a decline in asset management fees and the loss of potential carried interest and incentive fees. Changes in values attributed to investments from quarter to
quarter may result in volatility in the net asset values and results of operations and cash flow that we report from period to period. Also, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially
 
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
different than values reflected in prior fund net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us, which would in turn result in difficulty in raising additional funds or redemptions
from our hedge funds.    The historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the future results of
our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in our common units.    The historical and
potential future returns of the investment funds that we manage are not directly linked to returns on our common units. Therefore, any continued positive performance of the investment funds that we manage will not necessarily result in positive
returns on an investment in our common units. However, poor performance of the investment funds that we manage would cause a decline in our revenue from such investment funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all
likelihood the returns on an investment in our common units.    Moreover, with respect to the historical returns of our
investment funds:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   market conditions during previous periods were significantly more favorable for generating positive performance, particularly in our private equity and
real estate businesses, than the market conditions we experienced in the past three years and may continue to experience for the foreseeable future,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rates of returns of our carry funds reflect unrealized gains as of the applicable measurement date that may never be realized, which may adversely
affect the ultimate value realized from those funds’ investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rates of returns of our BCP and BREP funds in some years were positively influenced by a number of investments that experienced rapid and
substantial increases in value following the dates on which those investments were made, which may not occur with respect to future investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   in recent years, there has been increased competition for private equity investment opportunities resulting from the increased amount of capital
invested in alternative investment funds and high liquidity in debt markets,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our investment funds’ returns in some years benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves
(including, for example, particularly favorable borrowing conditions in the debt markets during 2005, 2006 and early 2007), and our current or future investment funds might not be able to avail themselves of comparable investment opportunities or
market conditions, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the rates of return reflect our historical cost structure, which may vary in the future due to various factors enumerated elsewhere in this report and
other factors beyond our control, including changes in laws.    In addition, future returns will be affected
by the applicable risks described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular fund invests.    Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.  
 Many of our carry funds’ investments rely heavily on the use of leverage, and our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on
investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. For example, in many private equity investments, indebtedness may constitute as much as 70% or more of a portfolio company’s or real estate
asset’s total debt and equity capitalization, including debt that may be incurred in connection with the investment. The absence of available sources of sufficient senior debt financing for extended periods of time could therefore materially
and adversely affect our private equity and real estate businesses. In addition, an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those
businesses’ investments.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Increases in interest rates could also make it more difficult to locate and consummate private equity investments because other potential buyers, including operating companies acting as strategic
buyers, may be able to bid for an asset at a higher price due to a lower overall cost of capital or their ability to benefit from a higher amount of cost savings following the acquisition of the asset. In addition, a portion of the indebtedness used
to finance private equity investments often includes high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be
able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment.    Investments in highly leveraged
entities are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. The incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an entity could, among other
things:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   give rise to an obligation to make mandatory pre-payments of debt using excess cash flow, which might limit the entity’s ability to respond to
changing industry conditions to the extent additional cash is needed for the response, to make unplanned but necessary capital expenditures or to take advantage of growth opportunities,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to adjust to changing market conditions, thereby placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors
who have relatively less debt,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   allow even moderate reductions in operating cash flow to render it unable to service its indebtedness, leading to a bankruptcy or other reorganization
of the entity and a loss of part or all of the equity investment in it,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to engage in strategic acquisitions that might be necessary to generate attractive returns or further growth, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit the entity’s ability to obtain additional financing or increase the cost of obtaining such financing, including for capital expenditures,
working capital or general corporate purposes.    As a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged
entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt. For example, many investments consummated by private equity sponsors during 2005, 2006 and 2007 that utilized significant amounts of leverage subsequently experienced
severe economic stress and, in certain cases, defaulted on their debt obligations due to a decrease in revenues and cash flow precipitated by the subsequent economic downturn during 2008 and 2009.  
 When our BCP and BREP funds’ existing portfolio investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments mature
in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets
to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our private
equity and real estate funds’ existing portfolio investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected.    Many of the hedge funds in which our funds of hedge funds invest and our credit-focused funds, CLOs and CDOs may choose to use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and regularly borrow
a substantial amount of their capital. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. A fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry
securities or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation
in the securities purchased or carried and will be lost—and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated—in the event of a decline in the market value of such securities. Gains realized with borrowed funds may
cause the fund’s net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. However, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund’s net asset value could also decrease faster than if
there had been no borrowings.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Increases in interest rates could also decrease the value of fixed-rate debt investments
that our investment funds make.    Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flow.    The asset management business is intensely competitive.  
 The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance,
the quality of service provided to clients, investor liquidity and willingness to invest, fund terms (including fees), brand recognition and business reputation. Our asset management business competes with a number of private equity funds,
specialized investment funds, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial institutions (including
sovereign wealth funds). A number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a number of our competitors in some of our businesses have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors’ funds or other available investment products,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   several of our competitors have significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create
additional competition for investment opportunities and may reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of these competitors may also have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create
competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or
investments than we can and/or bear less compliance expense than we do,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising certain types of investment funds under the investment management contracts they
have negotiated with their investors,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a
wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments that we want to make,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding new alternative asset fund management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our
various businesses, including former “star” portfolio managers at large diversified financial institutions as well as such institutions themselves, is expected to continue to result in increased competition,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some of our competitors may have better expertise or be regarded by investors as having better expertise in a specific asset class or geographic region
than we do,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our competitors that are corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings in respect of an investment, which may provide them with a
competitive advantage in bidding for an investment,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   some investors may prefer to invest with an investment manager that is not publicly traded or is smaller with only one or two investment products that
it manages, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other industry participants will from time to time seek to recruit our investment professionals and other employees away from us.
 
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices,
structures and terms offered by competitors. Alternatively, we may experience decreased rates of return and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Moreover, if we are forced to compete
with other alternative asset managers on the basis of price, we may not be able to maintain our current fund fee and carried interest terms. We have historically competed primarily on the performance of our funds, and not on the level of our fees or
carried interest relative to those of our competitors. However, there is a risk that fees and carried interest in the alternative investment management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance of a manager. Fee or carried
interest income reductions on existing or future funds, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure, would adversely affect our revenues and profitability.    In addition, the attractiveness of our investment funds relative to investments in other investment products could decrease depending on economic conditions. This competitive pressure could adversely
affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future investment funds, either of which would adversely impact our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flow.  
 The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments by our investment funds may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in
connection with an investment.    Before making investments in private equity and other investments, we conduct due
diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting,
environmental and legal issues. Outside consultants, legal advisers, accountants and investment banks may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment. Nevertheless, when conducting due diligence
and making an assessment regarding an investment, we rely on the resources available to us, including information provided by the target of the investment and, in some circumstances, third party investigations. The due diligence investigation that
we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts (including fraud) that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. Moreover, such an investigation will not
necessarily result in the investment being successful.    In connection with the due diligence that our funds of hedge funds
conduct in making and monitoring investments in third party hedge funds, we rely on information supplied by third party hedge funds or by service providers to such third party hedge funds. The information we receive from them may not be accurate or
complete and therefore we may not have all the relevant facts necessary to properly assess and monitor our funds’ investment in a particular hedge fund.    Our asset management activities involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose
some or all of our principal investments.    Many of our investment funds invest in securities that are not publicly
traded. In many cases, our investment funds may be prohibited by contract or by applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. Our investment funds will generally not be able to sell these securities publicly unless
their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration is available. The ability of many of our investment funds, particularly our BCP funds, to dispose of investments is heavily dependent on the
public equity markets. For example, the ability to realize any value from an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such investment is held. Even if the securities are publicly
traded, large holdings of securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial length of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the intended disposition period. Accordingly, under certain
conditions, our investment funds may be forced to either sell securities at lower prices than they had expected to realize or defer—potentially for a considerable period of time—sales that they had planned to make. We have made and expect
to continue to make significant principal  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
investments in our current and future investment funds. Contributing capital to these investment funds is risky, and we may lose some or the entire principal amount of our investments.
   We have engaged in large-sized investments, which involve certain complexities and risks that are not encountered in small- and
medium-sized investments.    Our BCP and BREP funds have invested and plan to continue to invest in large transactions.
The size of these investments involves certain complexities and risks that are not encountered in small- and medium-sized investments. For example, larger transactions may be more difficult to finance, and exiting larger deals may present challenges
in many cases. In addition, larger transactions may entail greater scrutiny by regulators, labor unions and other third parties.    Larger transactions may be structured as “consortium transactions” due to the size of the investment and the amount of capital required to be invested. A consortium transaction involves an
equity investment in which two or more private equity firms serve together or collectively as equity sponsors. We participated in a significant number of consortium transactions in prior years due to the increased size of many of the transactions in
which we were involved. Consortium transactions generally entail a reduced level of control by Blackstone over the investment because governance rights must be shared with the other private equity investors. Accordingly, we may not be able to
control decisions relating to the investment, including decisions relating to the management and operation of the company and the timing and nature of any exit, which could result in the risks described in “—Our investment funds make
investments in companies that we do not control.”    Any of these factors could increase the risk that our larger
investments could be less successful. The consequences to our investment funds of an unsuccessful larger investment could be more severe given the size of the investment.    We often pursue investment opportunities that involve business, regulatory, legal or other complexities.    As an element of our investment style, we may pursue unusually complex investment opportunities. This can often take the form of substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity that would deter other
investment managers. Our tolerance for complexity presents risks, as such transactions can be more difficult, expensive and time-consuming to finance and execute; it can be more difficult to manage or realize value from the assets acquired in such
transactions; and such transactions sometimes entail a higher level of regulatory scrutiny or a greater risk of contingent liabilities. Any of these risks could harm the performance of our funds.  
 Our investment funds make investments in companies that we do not control.  
 Investments by most of our investment funds will include debt instruments and equity securities of companies that we do not control. Such
instruments and securities may be acquired by our investment funds through trading activities or through purchases of securities from the issuer. In addition, our private equity and real estate funds may acquire minority equity interests
(particularly in consortium transactions, as described in “—We have engaged in large-sized investments, which involve certain complexities and risks that are not encountered in small- and medium-sized investments”) and may also
dispose of a portion of their majority equity investments in portfolio companies over time in a manner that results in the investment funds retaining a minority investment. Those investments will be subject to the risk that the company in which the
investment is made may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree or that the majority stakeholders or the management of the company may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. If
any of the foregoing were to occur, the values of investments by our investment funds could decrease and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could suffer as a result.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We expect to make investments in companies that are based outside of the United States, which may
expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in companies that are based in the United States.  
 Many of our investment funds generally invest a significant portion of their assets in the equity, debt, loans or other securities of
issuers located outside the United States, and we expect that international investments will increase as a proportion of certain of our funds’ portfolios in the future. Investments in non-U.S. securities involve certain factors not typically
associated with investing in U.S. securities, including risks relating to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income
from one currency into another,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   less developed or efficient financial markets than in the United States, which may lead to potential price volatility and relative illiquidity,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision
and regulation,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in laws or clarifications to existing laws that could impact our tax treaty positions, which could adversely impact the returns on our
investments,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a less developed legal or regulatory environment, differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   heightened exposure to corruption risk in non-U.S. markets,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   political hostility to investments by foreign or private equity investors,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   less publicly available information in respect of companies in non-U.S. markets,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reliance on a more limited number of commodity inputs, service providers and/or distribution mechanisms,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   higher rates of inflation,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   higher transaction costs,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fewer investor protections,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   certain economic and political risks, including potential exchange control regulations and restrictions on our non-U.S. investments and repatriation of
profits on investments or of capital invested, the risks of political, economic or social instability, the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse economic and political developments, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the possible imposition of non-U.S. taxes or withholding on income and gains recognized with respect to such securities.  
 There can be no assurance that adverse developments with respect to such risks will not adversely affect our assets that are held in
certain countries or the returns from these assets.    We may not have sufficient cash to pay back “clawback” obligations if and
when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.    If, at the end of the life of a carry fund
(or earlier with respect to certain of our real estate funds and multi-asset class investment funds), as a result of diminished performance of later investments in any carry fund’s life, the carry fund has not achieved investment returns that
(in most cases) exceed the preferred return threshold or (in all cases) the general partner receives in excess of 20% (10% to 15% in the case of certain of our credit-focused and real estate debt carry funds, certain of our secondary funds of funds
and certain multi-asset class investment funds) of the fund’s net profits over the life of the fund, we will be obligated to repay an amount  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
equal to the extent to which carried interest that was previously distributed to us exceeds the amounts to which we are ultimately entitled. This obligation is known as a clawback obligation and
is an obligation of any person who directly received such carried interest, including us and our employees who participate in our carried interest plans. Although a portion of any distributions by us to our unitholders may include any carried
interest received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our unitholders return any portion of such distributions attributable to carried interest associated with any clawback obligation. The
clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund’s own net investment performance only and performance fees of other funds are not netted for determining this contingent obligation. To the extent one or more clawback obligations
were to occur for any one or more carry funds, we might not have available cash at the time such clawback obligation is triggered to repay the carried interest and satisfy such obligation. If we were unable to repay such carried interest, we would
be in breach of the governing agreements with our investors and could be subject to liability. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of carried
interest (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share, then we and our employees who participate in such carried interest plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally up to an additional 50%) beyond what
we actually received in carried interest, although we will retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those carried interest recipients who fail to fund their obligations.  
 Investments by our investment funds will in most cases rank junior to investments made by others.  
 In most cases, the companies in which our investment funds invest will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to
incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our investment. By their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on
which payments are to be made in respect of our investment. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment
would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our investment. After repaying senior security holders, the company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect
of our investment. To the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Also, during periods of
financial distress or following an insolvency, the ability of our investment funds to influence a company’s affairs and to take actions to protect their investments may be substantially less than that of the senior creditors.  
 Investors in our hedge funds may redeem their investments in these funds. In addition, the investment management agreements related to our
separately managed accounts may permit the investor to terminate our management of such account on short notice. Lastly, investors in our other investment funds have the right to cause these investment funds to be dissolved. Any of these events
would lead to a decrease in our revenues, which could be substantial.    Investors in our hedge funds may generally
redeem their investments on an annual, semi-annual or quarterly basis following the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn (typically between one and three years), subject to the applicable fund’s specific
redemption provisions. In a declining market, the pace of redemptions and consequent reduction in our assets under management could accelerate. The decrease in revenues that would result from significant redemptions in our hedge funds could have a
material adverse effect on our business, revenues, net income and cash flows.    We currently manage a significant portion of
investor assets through separately managed accounts whereby we earn management and incentive fees, and we intend to continue to seek additional separately managed account mandates. The investment management agreements we enter into in connection
with managing separately managed accounts on behalf of certain clients may be terminated by such clients on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In addition, the boards of directors of the investment management companies we
 
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
manage, or the adviser in respect of the registered business development company we sub-advise, could terminate our advisory engagement of those companies, on as little as 30 days’ prior
written notice. In the case of any such terminations, the management and incentive fees we earn in connection with managing such account or company would immediately cease, which could result in a significant adverse impact on our revenues.
   The governing agreements of all of our investment funds (with the exception of certain of our funds of hedge funds) provide
that, subject to certain conditions, third party investors in those funds will have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the liquidation date of the investment fund without cause by a simple majority vote, resulting
in a reduction in management fees we would earn from such investment funds and a significant reduction in the amounts of total carried interest and incentive fees from those funds. Carried interest and incentive fees could be significantly reduced
as a result of our inability to maximize the value of investments by an investment fund during the liquidation process or in the event of the triggering of a “clawback” obligation. Finally, the applicable funds would cease to exist. In
addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund (for example, both of Stephen A.
Schwarzman and Hamilton E. James in the case of our private equity funds), then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a simple majority vote in accordance with specified procedures, accelerate the
withdrawal of their capital on an investor-by-investor basis, or the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and the vote of a simple majority of investors is required to restart it. In addition to having a significant negative
impact on our revenue, net income and cash flow, the occurrence of such an event with respect to any of our investment funds would likely result in significant reputational damage to us.  
 In addition, because all of our investment funds have advisers that are registered under the Advisers Act, the management agreements of
all of our investment funds would be terminated upon an “assignment,” without investor consent, of these agreements, which may be deemed to occur in the event these advisers were to experience a change of control. We cannot be certain that
consents required for assignments of our investment management agreements will be obtained if a change of control occurs. In addition, with respect to our publicly traded closed-end mutual funds, each investment fund’s investment management
agreement must be approved annually by the independent members of such investment fund’s board of directors and, in certain cases, by its stockholders, as required by law. Termination of these agreements would cause us to lose the fees we earn
from such investment funds.    Third party investors in our investment funds with commitment-based structures may not satisfy their
contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested by us, which could adversely affect a fund’s operations and performance.    Investors in all of our carry funds (and certain of our hedge funds) make capital commitments to those funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We
depend on investors fulfilling their commitments when we call capital from them in order for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay their obligations (for example, management fees) when due. We have not had investors fail to honor
capital calls to any meaningful extent. Any investor that did not fund a capital call would generally be subject to several possible penalties, including having a significant amount of its existing investment forfeited in that fund. However, the
impact of the penalty is directly correlated to the amount of capital previously invested by the investor in the fund and if an investor has invested little or no capital, for instance early in the life of the fund, then the forfeiture penalty may
not be as meaningful. Investors may also negotiate for lesser or reduced penalties at the outset of the fund, thereby inhibiting our ability to enforce the funding of a capital call. If investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of
capital calls for any particular fund or funds, the operation and performance of those funds could be materially and adversely affected.  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address
certain regulatory requirements may reduce the synergies across our various businesses.    Because of our various lines
of asset management and advisory businesses, we will be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest and subject to greater regulatory oversight than that to which we would otherwise be subject if we had just one line of
business. In addressing these conflicts and regulatory requirements across our various businesses, we have implemented certain policies and procedures (for example, information walls) that may reduce the positive synergies that we cultivate across
these businesses. For example, we may come into possession of material non-public information with respect to issuers in which we may be considering making an investment or issuers that are our advisory clients. As a consequence, we may be precluded
from providing such information or other ideas to our other businesses that might be of benefit to them.    Our failure to deal
appropriately with conflicts of interest in our investment business could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses.    As we have expanded and as we continue to expand the number and scope of our businesses, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our funds’ investment activities. A
decision to acquire material non-public information about a company while pursuing an investment opportunity for a particular fund gives rise to a potential conflict of interest when it results in our having to restrict the ability of other funds to
take any action. Certain of our funds may have overlapping investment objectives, including funds that have different fee structures, and potential conflicts may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate investment opportunities
among those funds. For example, we may allocate an investment opportunity that is appropriate for two or more investment funds in a manner that excludes one or more funds or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that
we determine, such as sourcing of the transaction, the relative amounts of capital available for investment in each fund, the nature and extent of involvement in the transaction on the part of the respective teams of investment professionals
dedicated to the respective funds and other considerations deemed relevant by us. Also, our decision to pursue a fund investment opportunity could preclude our ability to obtain a related advisory assignment, and vice versa. We may also cause
different private equity funds to invest in a single portfolio company, for example where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest. We may also cause different funds that we manage to purchase different
classes of securities in the same portfolio company. For example, one of our CLO funds could acquire a debt security issued by the same company in which one of our private equity funds owns common equity securities. A direct conflict of interest
could arise between the debt holders and the equity holders if such a company were to develop insolvency concerns, and that conflict would have to be carefully managed by us. In addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our
investments and regarding decisions about the allocation of specific investment opportunities among us and our funds and the allocation of fees and costs among us, our funds and their portfolio companies. Lastly, in certain, infrequent instances we
may purchase an investment alongside one of our investment funds or sell an investment to one of our investment funds and conflicts may arise in respect of the allocation, pricing and timing of such investments and the ultimate disposition of such
investments. To the extent we failed to appropriately deal with any such conflicts, it could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional funds or result in potential litigation against us.  
 Risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our funds’ investments.  
 When managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our funds) from time to time use forward contracts,
options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments, including changes in
prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The success of any hedging or other derivative transactions generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of correlation between price
movements of a derivative instrument, the position being hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors. As a result,  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
while we may enter into a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, the transaction may result in poorer overall investment performance than if it had not been executed. Such
transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases.    Our real estate funds are subject to
the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and the construction and development of real estate.  
 Investments in our real estate funds will be subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real estate and real estate
related businesses and assets. These risks include those associated with the burdens of ownership of real property, general and local economic conditions, changes in supply of and demand for competing properties in an area (as a result, for
instance, of overbuilding), fluctuations in the average occupancy and room rates for hotel properties, the financial resources of tenants, changes in building, environmental and other laws, energy and supply shortages, various uninsured or
uninsurable risks, natural disasters, changes in government regulations (such as rent control), changes in real property tax rates, changes in interest rates, the reduced availability of mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of
properties difficult or impracticable, negative developments in the economy that depress travel activity, environmental liabilities, contingent liabilities on disposition of assets, terrorist attacks, war and other factors that are beyond our
control. In addition, if our real estate funds acquire direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property, which may often be non-income producing, they will be subject to the risks normally associated with such assets
and development activities, including risks relating to the availability and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory or environmental approvals, the cost and timely completion of construction (including risks beyond the control of our fund,
such as weather or labor conditions or material shortages) and the availability of both construction and permanent financing on favorable terms.    Certain of our investment funds may invest in securities of companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, including companies involved in bankruptcy or other
reorganization and liquidation proceedings. Such investments are subject to a greater risk of poor performance or loss.  
 Certain of our investment funds, especially our credit-focused funds, may invest in business enterprises involved in work-outs,
liquidations, spin-offs, reorganizations, bankruptcies and similar transactions and may purchase high-risk receivables. An investment in such business enterprises entails the risk that the transaction in which such business enterprise is involved
either will be unsuccessful, will take considerable time or will result in a distribution of cash or a new security the value of which will be less than the purchase price to the fund of the security or other financial instrument in respect of which
such distribution is received. In addition, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, the fund may be required to sell its investment at a loss. Investments in troubled companies may also be adversely affected by U.S. federal and state
laws relating to, among other things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability and a bankruptcy court’s discretionary power to disallow, subordinate or disenfranchise particular claims. Investments in securities and
private claims of troubled companies made in connection with an attempt to influence a restructuring proposal or plan of reorganization in a bankruptcy case may also involve substantial litigation. Because there is substantial uncertainty concerning
the outcome of transactions involving financially troubled companies, there is a potential risk of loss by a fund of its entire investment in such company. Moreover, a major economic recession could have a materially adverse impact on the value of
such securities. Adverse publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may also decrease the value and liquidity of securities rated below investment grade or otherwise adversely affect our reputation. In
addition, in a recent 2013 federal Circuit Court case, the Court determined that a private equity fund could be liable for ERISA Title IV pension obligations (including withdrawal liability incurred with respect to union multiemployer plans) of
its portfolio companies, if such fund is a “trade or business” and the fund’s ownership interest in the portfolio company is significant enough to bring the portfolio company within its “controlled group”. While a
number of cases have held that managing investments is not a “trade or business” for tax purposes, the Circuit Court in this case concluded the a private equity fund could be a “trade or business” for ERISA purposes based on
certain factors, including the fund’s level of involvement in the management of its portfolio companies and the nature of its management fee  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
arrangements. The Circuit Court case did not conclude whether the fund in question and its portfolio companies were part of the same “controlled group”.  
 Certain of our fund investments may be concentrated in certain asset types or in a geographic region, which could exacerbate any negative
performance of those funds to the extent those concentrated investments perform poorly.    The governing agreements of
our investment funds contain only limited investment restrictions and only limited requirements as to diversification of fund investments, either by geographic region or asset type. For example, over 70% of the investments of our real estate funds
(based on current fair values) are in office building, hotel and shopping center assets. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns in these sectors, the decreased revenues, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased
funding costs experienced by our real estate funds may be exacerbated by this concentration of investments, which would result in lower investment returns for our real estate funds.    Investments by our funds in the power and energy industries involve various operational, construction and regulatory risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and
financial condition.    The development, operation and maintenance of power and energy generation facilities involves
many risks, including, as applicable, labor issues, start-up risks, breakdown or failure of facilities, lack of sufficient capital to maintain the facilities, the dependence on a specific fuel source or the impact of unusual or adverse weather
conditions or other natural events, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability, the occurrence of any of which could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses. In turn, such developments
could impair a portfolio company’s ability to repay its debt or conduct its operations. We may also choose or be required to decommission a power generation facility or other asset. The decommissioning process could be protracted and
result in the incurrence of significant financial and/or regulatory obligations or other uncertainties.    Our power and energy
sector portfolio companies may also face construction risks typical for power generation and related infrastructure businesses. Such developments could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, and
could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. Delays in the completion of any power project may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher operation and maintenance costs related to such portfolio
company.    The power and energy sectors are the subject of substantial and complex laws, rules and regulation by various
federal and state regulatory agencies. Failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations could result in the prevention of operation of certain facilities or the prevention of the sale of such a facility to a third party, as well as the
loss of certain rate authority, refund liability, penalties and other remedies, all of which could result in additional costs to a portfolio company and adversely affect the investment results.  
 Our businesses that invest in the energy industry also focus on investments in businesses involved in oil and gas exploration and
development, which can be a speculative business involving a high degree of risk, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the use of new technologies, including hydraulic fracturing,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reliance on estimates of oil and gas reserves in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   encountering unexpected formations or pressures, premature declines of reservoirs, blow-outs, equipment failures and other accidents in completing
wells and otherwise, cratering, sour gas releases, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, adverse weather conditions, pollution, fires, spills and other environmental risks, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the volatility of oil and natural gas prices.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The financial projections of our portfolio companies could prove inaccurate.  
 Our funds generally establish the capital structure of portfolio companies on the basis of financial projections prepared by the
management of such portfolio companies. These projected operating results will normally be based primarily on judgments of the management of the portfolio companies. In all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that are based upon
assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. General economic conditions, which are not predictable, along with other factors may cause actual performance to fall short of the financial projections that were used to establish a
given portfolio company’s capital structure. Because of the leverage we typically employ in our investments, this could cause a substantial decrease in the value of our equity holdings in the portfolio company. The inaccuracy of financial
projections could thus cause our funds’ performance to fall short of our expectations.    Contingent liabilities could harm fund
performance.    We may cause our funds to acquire an investment that is subject to contingent liabilities. Such
contingent liabilities could be unknown to us at the time of acquisition or, if they are known to us, we may not accurately assess or protect against the risks that they present. Acquired contingent liabilities could thus result in unforeseen losses
for our funds. In addition, in connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company, a fund may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of such portfolio company typical of those made in
connection with the sale of a business. A fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations are inaccurate. These arrangements may result in the incurrence of contingent liabilities
by a fund, even after the disposition of an investment. Accordingly, the inaccuracy of representations and warranties made by a fund could harm such fund’s performance.    Our funds may be forced to dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time.    Our funds may make investments that they do not advantageously dispose of prior to the date the applicable fund is dissolved, either by expiration of such fund’s term or otherwise. Although we
generally expect that investments will be disposed of prior to dissolution or be suitable for in-kind distribution at dissolution, and the general partners of the funds have only a limited ability to extend the term of the fund with the consent of
fund investors or the advisory board of the fund, as applicable, our funds may have to sell, distribute or otherwise dispose of investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of dissolution. This would result in a lower than expected return on
the investments and, perhaps, on the fund itself.    Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.  
 Investments by our funds of hedge funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our credit-focused and real estate debt hedge
funds, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Certain of the funds are newly established funds without any operating history or are managed by management companies or general partners who may not
have as significant track records as an independent manager.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Generally, there are few limitations on the execution of the hedge funds’ investment strategies, which are subject to the sole discretion of the
management company or the general partner of such funds.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds may engage in short selling, which is subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss because there is no limit on how much the price
of a security may appreciate before the short position is closed out. A fund may be subject to losses if a security lender demands return of the lent securities and an alternative lending source cannot be found or if the fund is otherwise unable to
borrow securities that are necessary to hedge its positions.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds are exposed to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute
over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide)  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
or because of a credit or liquidity problem, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. Counterparty risk is accentuated for contracts with longer maturities where events may intervene to prevent
settlement, or where the fund has concentrated its transactions with a single or small group of counterparties. Generally, hedge funds are not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their
transactions with one counterparty. Moreover, the funds’ internal consideration of the creditworthiness of their counterparties may prove insufficient. The absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement may increase the potential for
losses.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit risk may arise through a default by one of several large institutions that are dependent on one another to meet their liquidity or operational
needs, so that a default by one institution causes a series of defaults by the other institutions. This “systemic risk” may adversely affect the financial intermediaries (such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms
and exchanges) with which the hedge funds interact on a daily basis.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The efficacy of investment and trading strategies depend largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination
of financial instruments. A hedge fund’s trading orders may not be executed in a timely and efficient manner due to various circumstances, including systems failures or human error. In such event, the funds might only be able to acquire some
but not all of the components of the position, or if the overall position were to need adjustment, the funds might not be able to make such adjustment. As a result, the funds would not be able to achieve the market position selected by the
management company or general partner of such funds, and might incur a loss in liquidating their position.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge funds are subject to risks due to potential illiquidity of assets. Hedge funds may make investments or hold trading positions in markets that are
volatile and which may become illiquid. Timely divestiture or sale of trading positions can be impaired by decreased trading volume, increased price volatility, concentrated trading positions, limitations on the ability to transfer positions in
highly specialized or structured transactions to which they may be a party, and changes in industry and government regulations. It may be impossible or costly for hedge funds to liquidate positions rapidly in order to meet margin calls, withdrawal
requests or otherwise, particularly if there are other market participants seeking to dispose of similar assets at the same time or the relevant market is otherwise moving against a position or in the event of trading halts or daily price movement
limits on the market or otherwise. Moreover, these risks may be exacerbated for our funds of hedge funds. For example, if one of our funds of hedge funds were to invest a significant portion of its assets in two or more hedge funds that each had
illiquid positions in the same issuer, the illiquidity risk for our funds of hedge funds would be compounded. For example, in 2008 many hedge funds, including some of our hedge funds, experienced significant declines in value. In many cases, these
declines in value were both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. Moreover, certain of our funds of hedge funds were invested in third party hedge funds that halted redemptions in the face of illiquidity and other
issues, which precluded those funds of hedge funds from receiving their capital back on request.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge fund investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are
highly volatile and may be subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances, including if the fund writes a call option. Price movements of commodities, futures and options contracts and payments pursuant to swap
agreements are influenced by, among other things, interest rates, changing supply and demand relationships, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies of governments and national and international political and economic
events and policies. The value of futures, options and swap agreements also depends upon the price of the commodities underlying them. In addition, hedge funds’ assets are subject to the risk of the failure of any of the exchanges on which
their positions trade or of their clearinghouses or counterparties. Most U.S. commodities exchanges limit fluctuations in certain commodity interest prices during a single day by imposing “daily price fluctuation limits” or “daily
limits,” the existence of which may reduce liquidity or effectively curtail trading in particular markets.  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Risks Related to Our Financial Advisory Business  
 Financial advisory fees are not long-term contracted sources of revenue and are not predictable.  
 The fees earned by our financial advisory business are typically payable upon the successful completion of a particular transaction or
restructuring. A decline in our financial advisory engagements or the market for advisory services would adversely affect our business.    Our financial advisory business operates in a highly competitive environment where typically there are no long-term contracted sources of revenue. Each revenue generating engagement typically is
separately solicited, awarded and negotiated. In addition, many businesses do not routinely engage in transactions requiring our services. As a consequence, our fee-paying engagements with many clients are not predictable and high levels of
financial advisory revenue in one quarter are not necessarily predictive of continued high levels of financial advisory revenue in future periods. In addition to the fact that most of our financial advisory engagements are single, non-recurring
engagements, we lose clients each year as a result of a client’s decision to retain other financial advisors, the sale, merger or restructuring of a client, a change in a client’s senior management and various other causes. Moreover, in
any given year our financial advisory engagements may be limited to a relatively smaller number of clients and an even smaller number of those clients may account for a disproportionate percentage of our financial advisory revenues in any such year.
As a result, the adverse impact on our results of operations of one lost engagement or the failure of one transaction or restructuring on which we are advising to be completed could be significant. Revenue volumes in our financial advisory business
tend to be affected by economic and capital market conditions, with greater merger activity—and therefore higher revenues in our financial and strategic advisory services business—generally occurring when the economy is growing, and more
bankruptcies and restructurings—and therefore higher revenues in our Restructuring and Reorganization Advisory Services business—generally occurring in weak economic periods. Accordingly, our financial advisory revenue can fluctuate up or
down considerably depending on economic conditions.    The fees earned by Park Hill Group, our fund placement business, are
generally recognized by us for accounting purposes upon the successful subscription by an investor in a client’s fund and/or the closing of that fund. However, those fees are typically actually paid by a Park Hill Group client over a period of
time (for example, two to three years) following such successful subscription by an investor in a client’s fund and/or the closing of that fund with interest. There is a risk that during that period of time, Park Hill Group may not be able to
collect on all or a portion of the fees Park Hill is due for the placement services it has already provided to such client. For instance, a Park Hill client’s fund may be liquidated prior to the time that all or a portion of the fees due to
Park Hill for its placement services are due to be paid. Moreover, to the extent fewer assets are raised for funds or interest by investors in alternative asset funds declines, the fees earned by Park Hill Group would be adversely affected.
   We face strong competition from other financial advisory firms.  
 The financial advisory industry is intensely competitive, and we expect it to remain so. We compete on the basis of a number of factors,
including the quality of our employees, transaction execution, our products and services, innovation and reputation and price. We have always experienced intense competition over obtaining advisory mandates, and we may experience pricing pressures
in our financial advisory business in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain increased market share by reducing fees. Our primary competitors in our financial advisory business are large financial institutions, many of which have far
greater financial and other resources and much broader client relationships than us and (unlike us) have the ability to offer a wide range of products, from loans, deposit taking and insurance to brokerage and a wide range of investment banking
services, which may enhance their competitive position. They also have the ability to support investment banking, including financial advisory services, with commercial banking, insurance and other financial services and products in an effort to
gain market share, which puts us at a competitive disadvantage and could result in pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability. In the current market environment, we are also seeing increased competition
from independent boutique advisory firms focused primarily on  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
mergers and acquisitions advisory and/or restructuring services. In addition, Park Hill Group operates in a highly competitive environment and the barriers to entry into the fund placement
business are low.    Underwriting activities expose us to risks.  
 We act as an underwriter in securities offerings through Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P., a subsidiary of ours through which we conduct
our financial advisory business. We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we purchased as an underwriter at the anticipated price levels. As an underwriter, we also
are subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite.    Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure    Our common unitholders do not elect
our general partner or vote on our general partner’s directors and have limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business.    Our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is owned by our senior managing directors, manages all of our operations and activities. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. has a board of
directors that is responsible for the oversight of our business and operations. Our general partner’s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability company agreement, where our senior managing directors have agreed that
our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of our general partner. The limited liability company agreement of our general partner provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a
founder, Hamilton E. James will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of our general partner, and thereafter such power will revert to the members of our general partner (our senior managing directors) holding a majority
in interest in our general partner.    Our common unitholders do not elect our general partner or its board of directors and,
unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business. Furthermore, if our common unitholders are
dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, they have little ability to remove our general partner. Our general partner may not be removed unless that removal is approved by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the
voting power of our outstanding common units and special voting units (including common units and special voting units held by the general partner and its affiliates) and we receive an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability matters. As of
December 31, 2013, Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an entity wholly owned by our personnel and others who are limited partners, had 52.9% of the voting power of The Blackstone Group L.P. limited partners. Therefore, our senior managing directors
have the ability to remove or block any removal of our general partner and thus control The Blackstone Group L.P.    Blackstone personnel
collectively own a controlling interest in us and will be able to determine the outcome of those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners.    Our senior managing directors generally have sufficient voting power to determine the outcome of those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners of The Blackstone Group L.P.,
including any attempt to remove our general partner.    Our common unitholders’ voting rights are further restricted by the
provision in our partnership agreement stating that any common units held by a person that beneficially owns 20% or more of any class of The Blackstone Group L.P. common units then outstanding (other than our general partner and its affiliates, or a
direct or subsequently approved transferee of our general partner or its affiliates) cannot be voted on any matter. In addition, our partnership agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of our common unitholders to call meetings or to
acquire information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting the ability of our common unitholders to influence the manner or direction of our management. Our partnership agreement also
 
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
does not restrict our general partner’s ability to take actions that may result in our being treated as an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal (and applicable state) income tax
purposes. Furthermore, the common unitholders are not entitled to dissenters’ rights of appraisal under our partnership agreement or applicable Delaware law in the event of a merger or consolidation, a sale of substantially all of our assets or
any other transaction or event. In addition, we have the right to acquire all of our then-outstanding common units if not more than 10% of our common units are held by persons other than our general partner and its affiliates.  
 As a result of these matters and the provisions referred to under “—Our common unitholders do not elect our general partner or
vote on our general partner’s directors and have limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business”, our common unitholders may be deprived of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common units in the future through a
sale of The Blackstone Group L.P., and the trading prices of our common units may be adversely affected by the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price.    We are a limited partnership and as a result fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange.  
 We are a limited partnership and fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the rules of the New
York Stock Exchange. Pursuant to these exceptions, limited partnerships may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, including the requirements (a) that a majority of the board of
directors of our general partner consist of independent directors, (b) that we have a nominating/corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors (c) that we have a compensation committee that is composed
entirely of independent directors, and (d) that the compensation committee be required to consider certain independence factors when engaging compensation consultants, legal counsel and other committee advisers. In addition, we are not required
to hold annual meetings of our common unitholders. We will continue to avail ourselves of these exceptions. Accordingly, common unitholders generally do not have the same protections afforded to equityholders of entities that are subject to all of
the corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange.    Potential conflicts of interest may arise among our general
partner, its affiliates and us. Our general partner and its affiliates have limited fiduciary duties to us and our common unitholders, which may permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of us and our common unitholders.
   Conflicts of interest may arise among our general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us and our common
unitholders, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over the interests of our common unitholders. These conflicts include, among others, the following:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines the amount and timing of our investments and dispositions, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests
and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to our common unitholders,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of
limiting its duties (including fiduciary duties) to our common unitholders. For example, our subsidiaries that serve as the general partners of our investment funds have fiduciary and contractual obligations to the investors in those funds and
certain of our subsidiaries engaged in our advisory business have contractual duties to their clients, as a result of which we expect to regularly take actions that might adversely affect our near-term results of operations or cash flow,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   because our senior managing directors hold their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units directly or through entities that are not subject to corporate
income taxation and The Blackstone Group L.P. holds Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units through wholly owned subsidiaries, some of which are subject to corporate income taxation, conflicts may arise between our senior managing directors and The
Blackstone Group L.P. relating to the selection and structuring of investments,  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   other than as set forth in the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors are subject, which may not be
enforceable, affiliates of our general partner and existing and former personnel employed by our general partner are not prohibited from engaging in other businesses or activities, including those that might be in direct competition with us,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner has limited its liability and reduced or eliminated its duties (including fiduciary duties) under the partnership agreement, while
also restricting the remedies available to our common unitholders for actions that, without these limitations, might constitute breaches of duty (including fiduciary duty). In addition, we have agreed to indemnify our general partner and its
affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by law, except with respect to conduct involving bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct. By purchasing our common units, common unitholders will have agreed and consented to the provisions set forth in our
partnership agreement, including the provisions regarding conflicts of interest situations that, in the absence of such provisions, might constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our partnership agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered, or from entering
into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf, so long as the terms of any such additional contractual arrangements are fair and reasonable to us as determined under the partnership agreement,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines how much debt we incur and that decision may adversely affect our credit ratings,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner determines which costs incurred by it and its affiliates are reimbursable by us,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by it and its affiliates, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us.  
 See “Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence” and “Part III.
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Partnership Management and Governance—Conflicts Committee.”  
 Our partnership agreement contains provisions that reduce or eliminate duties (including fiduciary duties) of our general partner and limit
remedies available to common unitholders for actions that might otherwise constitute a breach of duty. It will be difficult for a common unitholder to successfully challenge a resolution of a conflict of interest by our general partner or by its
conflicts committee.    Our partnership agreement contains provisions that waive or consent to conduct by our general
partner and its affiliates that might otherwise raise issues about compliance with fiduciary duties or applicable law. For example, our partnership agreement provides that when our general partner is acting in its individual capacity, as opposed to
in its capacity as our general partner, it may act without any fiduciary obligations to us or our common unitholders whatsoever. When our general partner, in its capacity as our general partner, is permitted to or required to make a decision in its
“sole discretion” or “discretion” or that it deems “necessary or appropriate” or “necessary or advisable,” then our general partner is entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it desires,
including its own interests, and has no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us or any limited partners and will not be subject to any different standards imposed by the
partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. These modifications of fiduciary duties are expressly permitted by Delaware law. Hence, we and our common unitholders only have
recourse and are able to seek remedies against our general partner if our general partner breaches its obligations pursuant to our partnership agreement. Unless our general partner breaches its obligations pursuant to our partnership agreement, we
and our common unitholders do not have any recourse against our general partner even if our general partner were to act in a  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
manner that was inconsistent with traditional fiduciary duties. Furthermore, even if there has been a breach of the obligations set forth in our partnership agreement, our partnership agreement
provides that our general partner and its officers and directors are not liable to us or our common unitholders for errors of judgment or for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction determining that the general partner or its officers and directors acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. These modifications are detrimental to the common unitholders because they restrict the remedies available
to common unitholders for actions that without those limitations might constitute breaches of duty (including fiduciary duty).  
 Whenever a potential conflict of interest exists between us and our general partner, our general partner may resolve such conflict of
interest. If our general partner determines that its resolution of the conflict of interest is on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or is fair and reasonable to us, taking
into account the totality of the relationships between us and our general partner, then it will be presumed that in making this determination, our general partner acted in good faith. A common unitholder seeking to challenge this resolution of the
conflict of interest would bear the burden of overcoming such presumption. This is different from the situation with Delaware corporations, where a conflict resolution by an interested party would be presumed to be unfair and the interested party
would have the burden of demonstrating that the resolution was fair.    Also, if our general partner obtains the approval of the
conflicts committee of our general partner, the resolution will be conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us and not a breach by our general partner of any duties it may owe to us or our common unitholders. This is different from the
situation with Delaware corporations, where a conflict resolution by a committee consisting solely of independent directors may, in certain circumstances, merely shift the burden of demonstrating unfairness to the plaintiff. Common unitholders, in
purchasing our common units, are deemed as having consented to the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement, including provisions regarding conflicts of interest situations that, in the absence of such provisions, might be considered a
breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law. As a result, common unitholders will, as a practical matter, not be able to successfully challenge an informed decision by the conflicts committee. See “Part III. Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Partnership Management and Governance—Conflicts Committee.”    The
control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party without common unitholder consent.    Our general
partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or consolidation without the consent of our common unitholders. Furthermore, at any time, the members of our general partner may sell or transfer all or part of their
limited liability company interests in our general partner without the approval of the common unitholders, subject to certain restrictions as described elsewhere in this annual report. A new general partner may not be willing or able to form new
investment funds and could form funds that have investment objectives and governing terms that differ materially from those of our current investment funds. A new owner could also have a different investment philosophy, employ investment
professionals who are less experienced, be unsuccessful in identifying investment opportunities or have a track record that is not as successful as Blackstone’s track record. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we could experience difficulty
in making new investments, and the value of our existing investments, our business, our results of operations and our financial condition could materially suffer.    We intend to pay regular distributions to our common unitholders, but our ability to do so may be limited by cash flow from operations and available liquidity, our holding partnership structure,
applicable provisions of Delaware law and contractual restrictions.    Our current intention is to distribute to common
unitholders each quarter substantially all of our Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders, subject to a base quarterly distribution of $0.12 per unit. Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders is The Blackstone
Group L.P.’s share of Distributable  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Earnings, less realized investment gains and returns of capital from investments and acquisitions, in excess of amounts determined by Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or
appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in our business and our funds, to comply with applicable law, any of our debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as
tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to our unitholders for any ensuing quarter.    In circumstances in
which the Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders for a quarter falls short of the amount necessary to support the base distribution of $0.12 per unit, Blackstone intends to correspondingly reduce subsequent quarterly distributions
below the amounts supported by the Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders by the amount of the shortfall, but not below $0.12 per unit.    All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and our general partner may change our
distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce the quarterly distribution payable to common unitholders to less than $0.12 per unit or even to eliminate such distributions entirely.  
 The Blackstone Group L.P. is a holding partnership and has no material assets other than the ownership of the partnership units in
Blackstone Holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries. The Blackstone Group L.P. has no independent means of generating revenue. Accordingly, we intend to cause Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including The Blackstone
Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, to fund any distributions The Blackstone Group L.P. may declare on the common units.    Our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders will depend on a number of factors, including among others general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our
business and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments,
legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, restrictions and other implications on the payment of distributions by us to our common unitholders or by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our general partner may deem relevant.  
 Under the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to a partner if after the distribution all our liabilities,
other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities for which the recourse of creditors is limited to specific property of the partnership, would exceed the fair value of our assets. If we were to make such
an impermissible distribution, any limited partner who received a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution was in violation of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act would be liable to us for the amount of the
distribution for three years. In addition, the terms of our revolving credit facility or other financing arrangements may from time to time include covenants or other restrictions that could constrain our ability to make distributions.  
 The amortization of finite-lived intangible assets and non-cash equity-based compensation results in substantial expenses that may increase the net
loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income.    As part of the reorganization related to our IPO we acquired interests in our business from our predecessor owners. This transaction has been accounted for partially as a transfer of interests under
common control and partially as an acquisition of non-controlling interests. We accounted for the acquisition of the non-controlling interests using the purchase method of accounting, and reflected the excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of the tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as goodwill and other intangible assets on our statement of financial condition. As of December 31, 2013, we have $560.7 million of finite-lived intangible assets (in addition
to $1.8 billion of goodwill), net of accumulated amortization. These finite-lived intangible assets are from the IPO and other business transactions. We are amortizing these finite-lived intangibles over their estimated useful lives, which
range from three to twenty years, using the straight-line method, with a  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
weighted-average remaining amortization period of 7.4 years as of December 31, 2013. In addition, as part of the reorganization at the time of our IPO, Blackstone personnel received an
aggregate of 827,516,625 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, of which 439,711,537 were unvested. The grant date fair value of the unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (which was $31) is being charged to expense as the Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units vest over the assumed service periods, which range up to eight years, on a straight-line basis. The amortization of these finite-lived intangible assets and of this non-cash equity-based compensation will increase our
expenses substantially during the relevant periods. These expenses may increase the net loss we record in certain periods or cause us to record a net loss in periods during which we would otherwise have recorded net income.  
 We are required to pay our senior managing directors for most of the benefits relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization
deductions we may claim as a result of the tax basis step-up we received as part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our IPO or receive in connection with future exchanges of our common units and related transactions.
   As part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our IPO, we purchased interests in our business from
our pre-IPO owners. In addition, holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer
restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone
Group L.P. common units on a one-for-one basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the four Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. The purchase and subsequent
exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings that otherwise would not have been available. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and
amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that certain of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries that are taxable as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which we refer to as the “corporate
taxpayers,” would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the IRS may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a challenge.  
 One of the corporate taxpayers has entered into a tax receivable agreement with our senior managing directors and other pre-IPO owners
that provides for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to the counterparties of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that the corporate taxpayers actually realize as a result of
these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. In addition, additional tax receivable
agreements have been executed, and others may continue to be executed, with newly admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who receive Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This payment obligation is an obligation of the
corporate taxpayer and not of Blackstone Holdings. As such, the cash distributions to public common unitholders may vary from holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (held by Blackstone personnel and others) to the extent payments are made
under the tax receivable agreements to selling holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. As the payments reflect actual tax savings received by Blackstone entities, there may be a timing difference between the tax savings received by
Blackstone entities and the cash payments to selling holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. While the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under this agreement, will vary depending upon a number
of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of our common units at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of the increases
in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings, the payments that we may make under the tax receivable agreements will be substantial. The payments under a tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon a tax
receivable agreement counterparty’s continued ownership of us. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the tax receivable agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the tax receivable
agreements as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise.  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis
increase, the tax receivable agreement counterparties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances payments to the counterparties under the tax receivable agreement
could be in excess of the corporate taxpayers’ actual cash tax savings. The corporate taxpayers’ ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to be made under the tax receivable agreements, will depend upon a
number of factors, as discussed above, including the timing and amount of our future income.    If The Blackstone Group L.P. were deemed
an “investment company” under the 1940 Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business.  
 An entity will generally be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the 1940 Act if: (a) it is or holds itself
out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, or (b) absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value
exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing asset management and financial advisory
services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services.
We hold ourselves out as an asset management and financial advisory firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that The Blackstone Group L.P. is an
“orthodox” investment company as defined in section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act and described in clause (a) in the first sentence of this paragraph. Furthermore, The Blackstone Group L.P. does not have any material assets other than
its equity interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries, which in turn will have no material assets (other than intercompany debt) other than general partner interests in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. These wholly owned subsidiaries are
the sole general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and are vested with all management and control over the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. We do not believe the equity interests of The Blackstone Group L.P. in its wholly owned
subsidiaries or the general partner interests of these wholly owned subsidiaries in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships are investment securities. Moreover, because we believe that the capital interests of the general partners of our funds in their
respective funds are neither securities nor investment securities, we believe that less than 40% of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis are comprised of
assets that could be considered investment securities. Accordingly, we do not believe The Blackstone Group L.P. is an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40% test in section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act as described in clause (b) in
the first sentence of this paragraph. In addition, we believe The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment company under section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 Act because it is primarily engaged in a non-investment company business.  
 The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operation of investment companies. Among other
things, the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, generally prohibit the issuance of options and impose certain governance requirements. We
intend to conduct our operations so that The Blackstone Group L.P. will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act. If anything were to happen which would cause The Blackstone Group L.P. to be deemed to be an investment company
under the 1940 Act, requirements imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates (including us) and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to
continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings and our senior managing directors, or any combination thereof, and materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to limit the amount of investments that we make as a principal or otherwise conduct our business in a manner that does not subject us to the registration and
other requirements of the 1940 Act.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Risks Related to Our Common Units    Our common unit price may decline due to the large number of common units eligible for future sale and for exchange.    The market price of our common units could decline as a result of sales of a large number of common units in the market in the future or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the
possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell common units in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. We had a total of 500,887,343 voting common units outstanding as of
February 21, 2014. Subject to the lock-up restrictions described below, we may issue and sell in the future additional common units. Limited partners of Blackstone Holdings owned an aggregate of 541,286,627 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
outstanding as of February 21, 2014. In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an exchange agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned
subsidiaries) so that these holders, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, may up to four times each year
(subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions
and reclassifications. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the four Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. The common units we issue upon such exchanges would be
“restricted securities,” as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, unless we register such issuances. However, we have entered into a registration rights agreement with the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings that requires us to
register these common units under the Securities Act and we have filed registration statements that cover the delivery of common units issued upon exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. See “Part III. Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Transactions with Related Persons—Registration Rights Agreement”. While the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and related agreements
contractually restrict the ability of Blackstone personnel to transfer the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or The Blackstone Group L.P. common units they hold and require that they maintain a minimum amount of equity ownership during their
employ by us, these contractual provisions may lapse over time or be waived, modified or amended at any time.    In addition, in
June 2007, we entered into an agreement with Beijing Wonderful Investments, an investment vehicle established and controlled by The People’s Republic of China, pursuant to which we sold to it 101,334,234 non-voting common units for $3.00
billion at a purchase price per common unit of $29.605. Beijing Wonderful Investments is able to sell these common units subject, with respect to a portion of the units, to certain transfer restrictions. We have agreed to provide Beijing Wonderful
Investments with registration rights to effect certain sales.    As of February 21, 2014, we had granted 27,899,431
outstanding deferred restricted common units and 24,926,862 outstanding deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, which are subject to specified vesting requirements, to our non-senior managing director professionals and senior
managing directors under The Blackstone Group L.P. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (“2007 Equity Incentive Plan”). The aggregate number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan is
increased on the first day of each fiscal year during its term by a number of units equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the aggregate number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on the last
day of the immediately preceding fiscal year (excluding Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by The Blackstone Group L.P. or its wholly owned subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units covered by our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of such date (unless the administrator of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan should decide to increase the number of common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the plan by a
lesser amount). An aggregate of 162,916,667 additional common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units were available for grant under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of February 21, 2014. We have filed a registration statement and
intend to file additional registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register common units covered by our  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
2007 Equity Incentive Plan (including pursuant to automatic annual increases). Any such Form S-8 registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, common units
registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market.    In addition, our partnership
agreement authorizes us to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to partnership securities for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by
our general partner in its sole discretion without the approval of any limited partners. In accordance with the Delaware Limited Partnership Act and the provisions of our partnership agreement, we may also issue additional partnership interests that
have certain designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to common units. Similarly, the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of
The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties
that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for our common units.    The market price of our common units may be volatile, which could cause the value of your investment to decline.    Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of
common units in spite of our operating performance. In addition, our operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors, and in response the market price of our common units could decrease significantly. You
may be unable to resell your common units at or above the price you paid for them.    Risks Related to United States Taxation  
 Our structure involves complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Our structure
also is subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative change and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.    The U.S. federal income tax treatment of common unitholders depends in some instances on determinations of fact and interpretations of complex provisions of U.S. federal income tax law for which no clear
precedent or authority may be available. The U.S. federal income tax rules are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or “IRS,” and the U.S. Treasury Department,
frequently resulting in revised interpretations of established concepts, statutory changes, revisions to regulations and other modifications and interpretations. The IRS pays close attention to the proper application of tax laws to partnerships. The
present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any time, and any such action may affect investments and commitments previously made. Changes
to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof could make it more difficult or impossible to meet the exception for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is not taxable as a corporation
(referred to as the “Qualifying Income Exception”), affect or cause us to change our investments and commitments, affect the tax considerations of an investment in us, change the character or treatment of portions of our income (including,
for instance, the treatment of carried interest as ordinary income rather than capital gain) and adversely affect an investment in our common units. For example, as discussed above under “—The U.S. Congress has considered legislation that,
if enacted, would have (a) for taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, precluded us from qualifying as a partnership or required us to hold carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations and (b) taxed
individual holders of common units with respect to certain income and gains at increased rates. If any similar legislation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a material increase in our tax liability and a substantial portion of our
income could be taxed at a higher rate to the individual holders of our common units”, the U.S. Congress recently considered various legislative proposals to treat all or part of the capital gain and
 
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
dividend income that is recognized by an investment partnership and allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., a portion of the carried interest) as ordinary
income to such partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes.    Our organizational documents and governing agreements permit our
general partner to modify our amended and restated limited partnership agreement from time to time, without the consent of the common unitholders, to address certain changes in U.S. federal income tax regulations, legislation or interpretation. In
some circumstances, such revisions could have a material adverse impact on some or all common unitholders. Moreover, we will apply certain assumptions and conventions in an attempt to comply with applicable rules and to report income, gain,
deduction, loss and credit to common unitholders in a manner that reflects such common unitholders’ beneficial ownership of partnership items, taking into account variation in unitholder ownership interests during each taxable year because of
trading activity. More specifically, our allocations of items of taxable income and loss between transferors and transferees of our units will be determined annually, will be prorated on a monthly basis and will be subsequently apportioned among the
unitholders in proportion to the number of units owned by each of them determined as of the opening of trading of our units on the New York Stock Exchange on the first business day of every month. As a result, a unitholder transferring units may be
allocated income, gain, loss and deductions realized after the date of transfer. However, those assumptions and conventions may not be in compliance with all aspects of applicable tax requirements. It is possible that the IRS will assert
successfully that the conventions and assumptions used by us do not satisfy the technical requirements of the Internal Revenue Code and/or Treasury regulations and could require that items of income, gain, deductions, loss or credit, including
interest deductions, be adjusted, reallocated or disallowed in a manner that adversely affects common unitholders.    If we were treated
as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax or state tax purposes, then our distributions to our common unitholders would be substantially reduced and the value of our common units would be adversely affected.  
 The value of our common units depends in part on our being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which requires
that 90% or more of our gross income for every taxable year consist of qualifying income, as defined in Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code and that The Blackstone Group L.P. not be registered under the 1940 Act. Qualifying income
generally includes dividends, interest, capital gains from the sale or other disposition of stocks and securities and certain other forms of investment income. We may not meet these requirements or current law may change so as to cause, in either
event, us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax. Moreover, the anticipated after-tax benefit of an investment in our common units depends largely on our being treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We have not requested, and do not plan to request, a ruling from the IRS on this or any other matter affecting us.    If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate. Distributions to our common unitholders
would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to you. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our distributions to our common unitholders would be
substantially reduced, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our common units.    Current law may change,
causing us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal or state income tax purposes or otherwise subjecting us to entity level taxation. See “—The U.S. Congress has considered legislation that, if enacted, would have (a) for
taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, precluded us from qualifying as a partnership or required us to hold carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations and (b) taxed individual holders of common units with
respect to certain income and gains at increased rates. If any similar legislation were to be enacted and apply to us, we could incur a material increase in our tax liability and a substantial portion of our income could be taxed at a higher rate to
the individual holders of our common units.” For example, because of widespread state budget deficits, several states are evaluating ways to subject  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
partnerships to entity level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise or other forms of taxation. If any state were to impose a tax upon us as an entity, our distributions to
our common unitholders would be reduced.    Our common unitholders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on their share of our taxable
income, regardless of whether they receive any cash distributions from us.    As long as 90% of our gross income for each
taxable year constitutes qualifying income as defined in Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code and we are not required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act on a continuing basis, we will be treated, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, as a partnership and not as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. Accordingly, each unitholder will be required to take into account its allocable share of items of income, gain, loss and
deduction of the Partnership. Distributions to a unitholder will generally be taxable to the unitholder for U.S. federal income tax purposes only to the extent the amount distributed exceeds the unitholder’s tax basis in the unit. That
treatment contrasts with the treatment of a shareholder in a corporation. For example, a shareholder in a corporation who receives a distribution of earnings from the corporation will generally report the distribution as dividend income for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. In contrast, a holder of our units who receives a distribution of earnings from us will not report the distribution as dividend income (and will treat the distribution as taxable only to the extent the amount distributed
exceeds the unitholder’s tax basis in the units), but will instead report the holder’s allocable share of items of our income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, our common unitholders may be subject to U.S. federal, state,
local and possibly, in some cases, foreign income taxation on their allocable share of our items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit (including our allocable share of those items of any entity in which we invest that is treated as a
partnership or is otherwise subject to tax on a flow through basis) for each of our taxable years ending with or within your taxable year, regardless of whether or not a common unitholder receives cash distributions from us.  
 Our common unitholders may not receive cash distributions equal to their allocable share of our net taxable income or even the tax
liability that results from that income. In addition, certain of our holdings, including holdings, if any, in a Controlled Foreign Corporation, or “CFC,” and a Passive Foreign Investment Company, or “PFIC,” may produce taxable
income prior to the receipt of cash relating to such income, and common unitholders that are U.S. taxpayers will be required to take such income into account in determining their taxable income. In the event of an inadvertent termination of our
partnership status for which the IRS has granted us limited relief, each holder of our common units may be obligated to make such adjustments as the IRS may require to maintain our status as a partnership. Such adjustments may require persons
holding our common units to recognize additional amounts in income during the years in which they hold such units.    The Blackstone Group
L.P.’s interest in certain of our businesses are held through Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. or Blackstone Holdings IV GP L.P., which are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes; such corporations may be liable for
significant taxes and may create other adverse tax consequences, which could potentially adversely affect the value of your investment.    In light of the publicly traded partnership rules under U.S. federal income tax law and other requirements, The Blackstone Group L.P. holds its interest in certain of our businesses through Blackstone
Holdings I/II GP Inc. or Blackstone Holdings IV GP L.P., which are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Each such corporation could be liable for significant U.S. federal income taxes and applicable state, local and other
taxes that would not otherwise be incurred, which could adversely affect the value of our common units.    Complying with certain
tax-related requirements may cause us to invest through foreign or domestic corporations subject to corporate income tax or enter into acquisitions, borrowings, financings or arrangements we may not have otherwise entered into.  
 In order for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not as an association or publicly traded
partnership taxable as a corporation, we must meet the Qualifying Income Exception discussed  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
above on a continuing basis and we must not be required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. In order to effect such treatment, we (or our subsidiaries) may be required to
invest through foreign or domestic corporations subject to corporate income tax, or enter into acquisitions, borrowings, financings or other transactions we may not have otherwise entered into. This may adversely affect our ability to operate solely
to maximize our cash flow.    Tax gain or loss on disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected.  
 If a holder of our common units sells the common units it holds, it will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the
amount realized and the adjusted tax basis in those common units. Prior distributions to such common unitholder in excess of the total net taxable income allocated to such common unitholder, which decreased the tax basis in its common units, will in
effect become taxable income to such common unitholder if the common units are sold at a price greater than such common unitholder’s tax basis in those common units, even if the price is less than the original cost. A portion of the amount
realized, whether or not representing gain, may be ordinary income to such common unitholder.    If we were not to make, or cause to be
made, an otherwise available election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code to adjust our asset basis or the asset basis of certain of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, a holder of common units could be allocated more taxable
income in respect of those common units prior to disposition than if such an election were made.    We currently do not
intend to make, or cause to be made, an election to adjust asset basis under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to us, Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. If no such election is made, there will
generally be no adjustment to the basis of the assets of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. upon our acquisition of interests in Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. in connection with our initial
public offering, or to our assets or to the assets of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. upon a subsequent transferee’s acquisition of common units from a prior holder of such common units, even if the purchase price
for those interests or units, as applicable, is greater than the share of the aggregate tax basis of our assets or the assets of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. attributable to those interests or units immediately prior
to the acquisition. Consequently, upon a sale of an asset by us, Blackstone Holdings III L.P. or Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., gain allocable to a holder of common units could include built-in gain in the asset existing at the time we acquired those
interests, or such holder acquired such units, which built-in gain would otherwise generally be eliminated if a Section 754 election had been made.    Non-U.S. persons face unique U.S. tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them.  
 In light of our investment activities, we will be treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
which may cause some portion of our income to be treated as effectively connected income with respect to non-U.S. holders, or “ECI.” Moreover, dividends paid by an investment that we make in a real estate investment trust, or
“REIT,” that are attributable to gains from the sale of U.S. real property interests and sales of certain investments in interests in U.S. real property, including stock of certain U.S. corporations owning significant U.S. real property,
may be treated as ECI with respect to non-U.S. holders. In addition, certain income of non-U.S. holders from U.S. sources not connected to any such U.S. trade or business conducted by us could be treated as ECI. To the extent our income is treated
as ECI, non-U.S. holders generally would be subject to withholding tax on their allocable shares of such income, would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return for such year reporting their allocable shares of income effectively
connected with such trade or business and any other income treated as ECI, and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular U.S. tax rates on any such income (state and local income taxes and filings may also apply in that event). Non-U.S.
holders that are corporations may also be subject to a 30% branch profits tax on their allocable share of such income. In addition, certain income from U.S. sources that is not ECI allocable to non-U.S. holders may be reduced by withholding taxes
imposed at the highest effective applicable tax rate.  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Tax-exempt entities face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax
consequences to them.    In light of our investment activities, we will be treated as deriving income that constitutes
“unrelated business taxable income,” or “UBTI.” Consequently, a holder of common units that is a tax-exempt organization may be subject to “unrelated business income tax” to the extent that its allocable share of our
income consists of UBTI. A tax-exempt partner of a partnership could be treated as earning UBTI if the partnership regularly engages in a trade or business that is unrelated to the exempt function of the tax-exempt partner, if the partnership
derives income from debt-financed property or if the partnership interest itself is debt-financed.    We cannot match transferors and
transferees of common units, and we have therefore adopted certain income tax accounting positions that may not conform with all aspects of applicable tax requirements. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of
our common units.    Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, we have adopted depreciation,
amortization and other tax accounting positions that may not conform with all aspects of existing Treasury regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our common
unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain on the sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audits of and adjustments to our common
unitholders’ tax returns.    The sale or exchange of 50% or more of our capital and profit interests will result in the
termination of our partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We will be considered to have been terminated for U.S. federal income tax purposes if there is a sale or exchange of 50% or more of the total interests in our capital and profits
within a 12-month period. Our termination would, among other things, result in the closing of our taxable year for all common unitholders and could result in a deferral of depreciation deductions allowable in computing our taxable income.
   Common unitholders will be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements as a result of investing in our common
units.    In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, our common unitholders are subject to other taxes, including state
and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property now or in the future, even if our common unitholders do not reside in
any of those jurisdictions. Our common unitholders are likely to be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these jurisdictions. Further, common unitholders may be subject to
penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. It is the responsibility of each common unitholder to file all U.S. federal, state and local tax returns that may be required of such common unitholder. Our counsel has not rendered an opinion
on the state or local tax consequences of an investment in our common units.    We do not expect to be able to furnish to each unitholder
specific tax information within 90 days after the close of each calendar year, which means that holders of common units who are U.S. taxpayers should anticipate the need to file annually a request for an extension of the due date of their income tax
return. In addition, it is possible that common unitholders may be required to file amended income tax returns.    It
will most likely require longer than 90 days after the end of our fiscal year to obtain the requisite information from all lower-tier entities so that K-1s may be prepared for the Partnership. For this reason, holders of common units who are U.S.
taxpayers should anticipate the need to file annually with the IRS (and certain states) a request for an extension past April 15 or the otherwise applicable due date of their income tax return for the taxable year. In addition, it is possible
that a common unitholder will be required to file amended income tax returns as a result of adjustments to items on the corresponding income tax returns of the partnership. Any obligation for a unitholder to file amended income tax returns for that
or any other reason, including any costs incurred in the preparation or filing of such returns, are the responsibility of each common unitholder.  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Certain U.S. holders of common units are subject to additional tax on “net investment
income.”    U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts are subject to a Medicare tax of 3.8% on “net
investment income” (or undistributed “net investment income,” in the case of estates and trusts) for each taxable year, with such tax applying to the lesser of such income or the excess of such person’s adjusted gross income
(with certain adjustments) over a specified amount. Net investment income includes net income from interest, dividends, annuities, royalties and rents and net gain attributable to the disposition of investment property. It is anticipated that net
income and gain attributable to an investment in the Partnership will be included in a U.S. holder’s “net investment income” subject to this Medicare tax.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES    Our principal
executive offices are located in leased office space at 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York. As of December 31, 2013, we lease our offices in Atlanta, Beijing, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Dubai, Dublin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hong Kong,
Houston, Istanbul, London, Los Angeles, Menlo Park, Mumbai, Paris, San Francisco, Santa Monica, Seoul, Shanghai, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo. We do not own any real property. We consider these facilities to be suitable and adequate for the
management and operations of our business.      
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    We may
from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. See “—Item 1A. Risk
Factors” above. We are not currently subject to any pending judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings that we expect to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. However, given the inherent unpredictability of
these types of proceedings and the potentially large and/or indeterminate amounts that could be sought, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could have a material effect on Blackstone’s financial results in any particular
period.    In December 2007, a purported class of shareholders in public companies acquired by one or more private equity firms
filed a lawsuit against a number of private equity firms and investment banks, including The Blackstone Group L.P., in the United States District Court in Massachusetts ( Kirk Dahl, et al. v. Bain Capital Partners, LLC, et al. ). The suit
alleges that, from mid-2003 through 2007, eleven defendants violated the antitrust laws by allegedly conspiring to rig bids, restrict the supply of private equity financing, fix the prices for target companies at artificially low levels, and divide
up an alleged market for private equity services for leveraged buyouts. After the conclusion of discovery, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in June 2012, in which the plaintiffs sought damages on behalf of public shareholders that tendered
their shares in connection with 17 leveraged buyouts. In March 2013, the court denied defendants’ joint motion for summary judgment and all but one individual motion for summary judgment on plaintiffs’ overarching conspiracy claim but
narrowed the scope of plaintiffs’ allegations. Consequently, the number of transactions for which plaintiffs are seeking damages has been reduced from 17 to eight transactions. The court has previously dismissed claims against Blackstone with
respect to three of these eight transactions because Blackstone was released from any and all claims by the same shareholders in prior litigation. In July 2013, the court denied all but two defendants’ renewed individual motions for summary
judgment, and in August 2013, the court granted another defendant’s motion for reconsideration and ordered summary judgment in favor of that defendant (there remain seven defendants, including Blackstone). In July 2013, the court also denied
the motion by Blackstone and three other defendants for summary judgment on plaintiffs’ claim of a conspiracy with respect to the Hospital Corporation of America (HCA). On October 21, 2013, plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification
and defendants filed an opposition to that motion on January 24, 2014. A hearing on plaintiffs’ class certification motion will take place after May 19, 2014. The  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Court has directed that new summary judgment motions be filed by August 1, 2014. Any trial of the action is scheduled to begin in early November 2014.  
 Blackstone believes that the foregoing suit is totally without merit and intends to defend it vigorously.  
 In the spring of 2008, six substantially identical complaints were brought against Blackstone and some of its executive officers
purporting to be class actions on behalf of purchasers of common units in Blackstone’s June 2007 initial public offering. These suits were subsequently consolidated into one complaint ( Landmen Partners Inc. v. The Blackstone Group L.P., et
al. ) filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in October 2008 against Blackstone, Stephen A. Schwarzman (Blackstone’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer), Peter G. Peterson (Blackstone’s former
Senior Chairman), Hamilton E. James (Blackstone’s President and Chief Operating Officer) and Michael A. Puglisi (Blackstone’s Chief Financial Officer at the time of the IPO). The amended complaint alleged that (1) the IPO prospectus
was false and misleading for failing to disclose that (a) one private equity investment would be adversely affected by trends in mortgage default rates, particularly for sub-prime mortgage loans, (b) another private equity investment was
adversely affected by the loss of an exclusive manufacturing agreement, and (c) prior to the IPO the U.S. real estate market had started to deteriorate, adversely affecting the value of Blackstone’s real estate investments; and
(2) the financial statements in the IPO prospectus were materially inaccurate principally because they overstated the value of the investments referred to in clause (1).    In September 2009 the District Court judge dismissed the complaint with prejudice, ruling that even if the allegations in the complaint were assumed to be true, the alleged omissions were immaterial.
Analyzing both quantitative and qualitative factors, the District Court reasoned that the alleged omissions were immaterial as a matter of law given the size of the investments at issue relative to Blackstone as a whole, and taking into account
Blackstone’s structure as an asset manager and financial advisory firm.    In February 2011, a three-judge panel of the
Second Circuit reversed the District Court’s decision, ruling that the District Court incorrectly found that plaintiffs’ allegations were, if true, immaterial as a matter of law. The Second Circuit disagreed with the District Court,
concluding that the complaint “plausibly” alleged that the initial public offering documents omitted material information concerning two of Blackstone funds’ individual investments and inadequately disclosed information relating to
market risks to their real estate investments. Because this was a motion to dismiss, in reaching this decision the Second Circuit accepted all of the complaint’s factual allegations as true and drew every reasonable inference in
plaintiffs’ favor. The Second Circuit did not consider facts other than those in the plaintiffs’ complaint. On June 28, 2011, defendants filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme Court, which was
subsequently denied. On August 8, 2011, defendants filed their answer to the complaint and discovery commenced. The parties completed factual discovery on March 29, 2013 and expert discovery on May 10, 2013. Briefing on
defendants’ motion for summary judgment seeking to dismiss the case was completed on June 21, 2013 and oral argument was held on August 14, 2013. On August 14, 2013, the District Court certified a class pursuant to the
stipulation of the parties.    On August 28, 2013, the parties executed a settlement agreement and plaintiffs filed a
motion for approval of the settlement agreement. On August 30, 2013, the District Court preliminarily approved the settlement agreement and ordered notice of the settlement be sent to class members. The settlement agreement provides for a
payment to the class of $85,000,000. The settlement payment was covered by insurance and did not have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. On December 18, 2013, the settlement was approved and the Court entered
a final judgment dismissing the case. We consider the matter closed.      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 Not applicable.  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II.      
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  
 Our common units representing limited partner interests are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol
“BX.” Our common units began trading on the NYSE on June 22, 2007.    The number of holders of record of our
common units as of February 21, 2014 was 81. This does not include the number of unitholders that hold common units in “street name” through banks or broker-dealers.  
 The following table sets forth the high and low intra-day sales prices per common unit, for the periods indicated, as reported by the
NYSE and the per unit common unitholder distributions for the indicated fiscal quarters:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
   
 High 
   
   
 Low 
   
   
 Common Unitholder Distributions (a) 
   
   
 High 
   
   
 Low 
   
   
 Common Unitholder Distributions (a) 
   


 
   First Quarter 
   
 $ 
 21.09 
    
   
 $ 
 15.93 
    
   
 $ 
 0.30 
    
   
 $ 
 17.25 
    
   
 $ 
 14.10 
    
   
 $ 
 0.10 
    
 
   Second Quarter 
   
 $ 
 23.80 
    
   
 $ 
 18.76 
    
   
 $ 
 0.23 
    
   
 $ 
 16.06 
    
   
 $ 
 11.13 
    
   
 $ 
 0.10 
    
 
   Third Quarter 
   
 $ 
 25.61 
    
   
 $ 
 20.32 
    
   
 $ 
 0.23 
    
   
 $ 
 15.62 
    
   
 $ 
 12.50 
    
   
 $ 
 0.10 
    
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
 $ 
 31.94 
    
   
 $ 
 24.54 
    
   
 $ 
 0.58 
    
   
 $ 
 15.84 
    
   
 $ 
 13.31 
    
   
 $ 
 0.42 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Per common unit, presented on a fiscal quarter basis.    Cash Distribution Policy    With respect to fiscal year 2013, we have paid to
common unitholders distributions of $0.30, $0.23, $0.23 and $0.58 per common unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $1.34 per common unit. We have also paid to the Blackstone personnel and others
who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships distributions of $0.31, $0.28, $0.26 and $0.67 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $1.52 per
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit.    With respect to fiscal year 2012, we paid distributions of $0.10 per common unit in
respect of each of the first three quarters and an additional $0.42 per common unit in respect of the fourth quarter (aggregating $0.72 per common unit for fiscal year 2012). With respect to fiscal year 2012, we paid distributions of $0.10 per unit
in respect of each of the first three quarters and an additional distribution of $0.58 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit in respect of the fourth quarter (aggregating $0.88 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit for fiscal year 2012).
   Distributable Earnings, which is derived from Blackstone’s segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess
performance and amounts available for distributions to Blackstone unitholders, including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings is intended to show the amount of net
realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the Blackstone Funds. Distributable Earnings, which is a component of Economic Net Income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) Total Management and Advisory Fees,
(b) Interest and Dividend Revenue, (c) Other Revenue, (d) Realized Performance Fees, and (e) Realized Investment Income (Loss); less (a) Compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) Realized
Performance Fee Compensation, (c) Other Operating Expenses, and (d) Taxes and Related Payables Including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.    Our current intention is to distribute to common unitholders each quarter substantially all of our Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders, subject to a base quarterly distribution of
$0.12 per unit. Net  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders is The Blackstone Group L.P.’s share of Distributable Earnings, less realized investment gains and returns of capital from investments
and acquisitions, in excess of amounts determined by Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and funds, to comply with applicable
law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter.  
 In circumstances in which the Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders for a quarter falls short of the amount necessary
to support the base distribution of $0.12 per unit, Blackstone intends to correspondingly reduce subsequent quarterly distributions below the amounts supported by the Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders by the amount of the
shortfall, but not below $0.12 per unit.    All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and
payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner and our general partner may change our distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce the quarterly distribution payable to our common
unitholders to less than $0.12 per unit or even to eliminate such distributions entirely.    Because The Blackstone Group L.P.
is a holding partnership and has no material assets other than its ownership of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries, we fund distributions by The Blackstone Group L.P., if any, in three steps:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   First, we cause Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries.
If Blackstone Holdings makes such distributions, the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings will be entitled to receive equivalent distributions pro rata based on their partnership interests in Blackstone Holdings (except as set forth in the
following paragraph),      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Second, we cause The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries to distribute to The Blackstone Group L.P. their share of such
distributions, net of the taxes and amounts payable under the tax receivable agreement by such wholly owned subsidiaries, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Third, The Blackstone Group L.P. distributes its net share of such distributions to our common unitholders on a pro rata basis.
   Because the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. must pay taxes and make payments under
the tax receivable agreements described in Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, the amounts
ultimately distributed by The Blackstone Group L.P. to its common unitholders are expected to be less, on a per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited
partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.    In addition, the
partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provide for cash distributions, which we refer to as “tax distributions,” to the partners of such partnerships if the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P.
which are the general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships determine that the taxable income of the relevant partnership will give rise to taxable income for its partners. Generally, these tax distributions will be computed based on our
estimate of the net taxable income of the relevant partnership allocable to a partner multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local income tax rate prescribed for an individual or
corporate resident in New York, New York (taking into account the nondeductibility of certain expenses and the character of our income). The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will make tax distributions only to the extent distributions from such
partnerships for the relevant year were otherwise insufficient to cover such estimated assumed tax liabilities.    Under the
Delaware Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution to a partner if after the distribution all our liabilities, other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and
 
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
liabilities for which the recourse of creditors is limited to specific property of the partnership, would exceed the fair value of our assets. If we were to make such an impermissible
distribution, any limited partner who received a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution was in violation of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act would be liable to us for the amount of the distribution for three
years. In addition, the terms of our revolving credit facility or other financing arrangements may from time to time include covenants or other restrictions that could constrain our ability to make distributions.  
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities    On December 31, 2013, we issued 1,541,199 common units to 17 current or former personnel as partial consideration in connection with the acquisition by us of GSO. The common units were not
registered under the Securities Act and were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act on the basis that the such issuance did not involve any public offering.  
 Unit Repurchases in the Fourth Quarter of 2013    In January 2008, the Board of Directors of our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units. Under this unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of Blackstone common units and
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The unit repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have
a specified expiration date. During the three months ended December 31, 2013, no units were repurchased. See “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 15. Net
Income (Loss) Per Common Unit” and “—Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Liquidity Needs” for further information
regarding this unit repurchase program.    As permitted by our policies and procedures governing transactions in our securities
by our directors, executive officers and other employees, from time to time some of these persons may establish plans or arrangements complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, and similar plans and arrangements relating to our common units
and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
 The consolidated statements of financial condition and income data as of and for the five years ended December 31, 2013 have been
derived from our consolidated financial statements. The audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The audited Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008
are not included in this Form  10-K.  Historical results are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period.    The selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with “—Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our
consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 $ 
 2,193,985 
    
   
 $ 
 2,030,693 
    
   
 $ 
 1,811,750 
    
   
 $ 
 1,584,748 
    
   
 $ 
 1,482,226 
    
 
   Performance Fees 
   
   
 3,544,057 
    
   
   
 1,593,052 
    
   
   
 1,182,660 
    
   
   
 937,834 
    
   
   
 221,090 
    
 
   Investment Income 
   
   
 800,308 
    
   
   
 350,194 
    
   
   
 213,323 
    
   
   
 561,161 
    
   
   
 40,604 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue and Other 
   
   
 74,818 
    
   
   
 45,502 
    
   
   
 44,843 
    
   
   
 35,599 
    
   
   
 29,779 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 6,613,168 
    
   
   
 4,019,441 
    
   
   
 3,252,576 
    
   
   
 3,119,342 
    
   
   
 1,773,699 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 3,257,667 
    
   
   
 2,605,244 
    
   
   
 2,738,425 
    
   
   
 3,610,189 
    
   
   
 3,777,606 
    
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
   
   
 474,442 
    
   
   
 548,738 
    
   
   
 566,313 
    
   
   
 466,358 
    
   
   
 443,573 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 107,973 
    
   
   
 72,870 
    
   
   
 57,824 
    
   
   
 41,229 
    
   
   
 13,384 
    
 
   Fund Expenses 
   
   
 26,658 
    
   
   
 33,829 
    
   
   
 25,507 
    
   
   
 26,214 
    
   
   
 7,296 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 3,866,740 
    
   
   
 3,260,681 
    
   
   
 3,388,069 
    
   
   
 4,143,990 
    
   
   
 4,241,859 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
   
   
 20,469 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 197,816 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
   
   
 381,664 
    
   
   
 256,145 
    
   
   
 14,935 
    
   
   
 501,994 
    
   
   
 176,694 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
   
   
 402,133 
    
   
   
 256,145 
    
   
   
 212,751 
    
   
   
 501,994 
    
   
   
 176,694 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 3,148,561 
    
   
   
 1,014,905 
    
   
   
 77,258 
    
   
   
 (522,654 
 )  
   
   
 (2,291,466 
 )  
 
   Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 255,642 
    
   
   
 185,023 
    
   
   
 345,711 
    
   
   
 84,669 
    
   
   
 99,230 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
   
   
 2,892,919 
    
   
   
 829,882 
    
   
   
 (268,453 
 )  
   
   
 (607,323 
 )  
   
   
 (2,390,696 
 )  
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 183,315 
    
   
   
 103,598 
    
   
   
 (24,869 
 )  
   
   
 87,651 
    
   
   
 131,097 
    
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 198,557 
    
   
   
 99,959 
    
   
   
 7,953 
    
   
   
 343,498 
    
   
   
 (14,328 
 )  
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 1,339,845 
    
   
   
 407,727 
    
   
   
 (83,234 
 )  
   
   
 (668,444 
 )  
   
   
 (1,792,174 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
   
 $ 
 218,598 
    
   
 $ 
 (168,303 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (370,028 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (715,291 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit, Basic and Diluted 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 2.00 
    
    
 $ 
 0.41 
    
    
 $ 
 (0.35 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.02 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.98 
    
    
 $ 
 0.41 
    
    
 $ 
 (0.35 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.02 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units Entitled to Priority Distributions 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 (2.46 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units Not Entitled to Priority Distributions 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 (3.71 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared (a) 
    
 $ 
 1.18 
    
    
 $ 
 0.52 
    
    
 $ 
 0.62 
    
   
 $ 
 0.60 
    
   
 $ 
 0.90 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (a) 
 Distributions declared reflects the calendar date of declaration for each distribution. The fourth quarter distribution, if any, for any fiscal year will be declared
and paid in the subsequent fiscal year. For fiscal year 2013, we declared a final fourth quarter distribution per common unit of $0.58, which was paid in February 2014.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition Data 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Assets (a) 
   
 $ 
 29,678,606 
    
   
 $ 
 28,931,552 
    
   
 $ 
 21,909,129 
    
   
 $ 
 18,844,605 
    
   
 $ 
 9,409,024 
    
 
   Senior Notes 
   
 $ 
 1,664,306 
    
   
 $ 
 1,670,853 
    
   
 $ 
 1,051,705 
    
   
 $ 
 1,010,911 
    
   
 $ 
 588,624 
    
 
   Total Liabilities (a) 
   
 $ 
 15,300,935 
    
   
 $ 
 17,716,605 
    
   
 $ 
 12,656,843 
    
   
 $ 
 10,591,248 
    
   
 $ 
 2,865,491 
    
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
 $ 
 1,950,442 
    
   
 $ 
 1,556,185 
    
   
 $ 
 1,091,833 
    
   
 $ 
 659,390 
    
   
 $ 
 526,311 
    
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 12,427,229 
    
   
 $ 
 9,658,762 
    
   
 $ 
 8,160,453 
    
   
 $ 
 7,593,967 
    
   
 $ 
 6,017,222 
    
     
 
 
   
 (a) 
 The increase in total assets and total liabilities from December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2010 was principally due to the acquisition, in our Credit segment,
of certain management agreements of certain CLO vehicles which, under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”), are required to be consolidated. The increase in total assets and total liabilities
from December 31, 2011 to December 31, 2012 was principally due to the acquisition of Harbourmaster, a leading European leveraged loan manager and adviser and the resultant GAAP required consolidation of certain managed CLO vehicles.
 
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with The Blackstone Group L.P.’s consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included within this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Our Business  
 Blackstone is one of the largest independent managers of private capital in the world. We also provide a wide range of financial advisory
services, including financial advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory and fund placement services.    Our business
is organized into five business segments:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Private Equity.  We are a world leader in private equity investing, having managed six general private equity funds, as well as two sector
focused funds, since we established this business in 1987. We refer to these managed corporate private equity funds collectively as our Blackstone Capital Partners (“BCP”) funds. We also manage the Blackstone Tactical Opportunities
Accounts (“Tactical Opportunities”), which are multi-asset class investment accounts, and Strategic Partners Fund Solutions (“Strategic Partners”), a secondary private fund of funds business acquired on August 5, 2013.
Through our private equity funds we pursue transactions throughout the world, including leveraged buyout acquisitions of seasoned companies, transactions involving growth equity or start-up businesses in established industries, minority investments,
corporate partnerships, distressed debt, structured securities and industry consolidations, in all cases in strictly friendly transactions.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Real Estate.  We are a world leader in real estate investing since launching our first real estate fund in 1994. We have managed or
continue to manage seven global opportunistic real estate funds, four European focused opportunistic real estate funds, an Asian focused opportunistic real estate fund, a number of real estate debt investment funds, collateralized debt obligation
(“CDO”) vehicles, a publicly traded REIT (“BXMT”) and an acquired Asian real estate platform. Our real estate opportunity funds are diversified geographically and have made significant investments in lodging, major urban office
buildings, shopping centers, residential and a variety of real estate operating companies. Our debt investment funds target high yield real estate debt related investment opportunities in the public and private markets, primarily in the United
States and Europe. We refer to our real estate opportunistic funds as our Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) funds and our real estate debt investment funds as our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) funds.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hedge Fund Solutions.  Blackstone’s Hedge Fund Solutions segment is comprised principally of Blackstone Alternative Asset Management
(“BAAM”). BAAM was organized in 1990 and has developed into a leading institutional solutions provider utilizing hedge funds across a wide variety of strategies. BAAM is the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit.  Our Credit segment is comprised principally of GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”), a global leader in managing
credit-focused products within private debt and public market strategies. GSO’s products include senior credit-focused funds, distressed debt funds, mezzanine funds, general credit-focused funds, registered investment companies, separately
managed accounts and collateralized loan obligation (“CLO”) vehicles.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Financial Advisory.  Our Financial Advisory segment serves a diverse and global group of clients with financial and strategic advisory
services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds.    We generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies (including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from
financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory, capital markets services and fund placement  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
services for alternative investment funds. We invest in the funds we manage and, in most cases, receive a preferred allocation of income (i.e., a carried interest) or an incentive fee from an
investment fund in the event that specified cumulative investment returns are achieved (generally collectively referred to as “Performance Fees”). The composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of
the different businesses in which we operate. Net investment gains and investment income generated by the Blackstone Funds, principally private equity and real estate funds, are driven by value created by our operating and strategic initiatives as
well as overall market conditions. Fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of the portfolio company, the portfolio company’s industry, the overall economy and other market conditions.  
 Business Environment  
 World equity and debt markets rose sharply in 2013, driven by signs of sustained economic improvement in developed markets as well as a
general slowing of geopolitical tensions. The MSCI All-Country index rose 19.2% in 2013, with developed market indices sharply outperforming those of developing markets.    In the U.S., the S&P 500 index rose 29.6%, closing the year at then-record high levels, supported by improving economic growth, a decline in the stated unemployment rate, and the moderate easing of
the divisive political environment that had negatively impacted the prior year. Credit indices rose as well, with the High Yield Index up 7.5% and the Leveraged Loan index rising 6.2%. Benchmark rates rose from historically low levels and high yield
spreads narrowed by 120 basis points.    Risk tolerance improved throughout the year despite the Federal Reserve starting to
taper its quantitative easing program, which was widely expected. The broad improvement helped drive a significant increase in capital markets activity, with sharp increases in both IPO activity and debt issuance.  
 Real estate capital markets in the U.S. continue to strengthen, with commercial mortgage backed securities issuance of $86.1 billion, up
78.1% year to date. In Asia, Australian REITs are trading at 11.0% above net tangible asset value, the Japanese TSE REIT Index is up 35.9%, and India’s benchmark index is up 8.1% for the year. In Europe, capitalization rates have
compressed approximately 14 basis points year over year. Real estate operating fundamentals continue to improve, driven by a lack of new supply and growth in demand. In the U.S., overall vacancy levels have declined 50 basis points to
14.9% and 30 basis points to 10.4% within the office and retail sectors, respectively for the year. In the U.S. hospitality sector, new construction remains significantly below historical levels and supply/demand fundamentals continue to support
RevPAR (“Revenue per Available Room”) growth of 5.4% in 2013. On a national level, home prices have increased 13.4% for 2013.    Blackstone’s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.  
 Significant Transaction  
 On August 5, 2013, Blackstone completed its acquisition of Strategic Partners Fund Solutions, a secondary private fund of funds
business.  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Organizational Structure    The simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. The diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the
subsidiaries depicted are held.        


 
    Key Financial Measures and Indicators    We manage our business using traditional financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. Our key financial measures and
indicators are discussed below.    Revenues    Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other. Please refer to “Part I. Item 1. Business—Incentive
Arrangements / Fee Structure” and “— Critical Accounting Policies, Revenue Recognition” for additional information regarding the manner in which Base Management Fees and Performance Fees are generated.  
 Management and Advisory Fees, Net —Management and Advisory Fees, Net are comprised of management fees, including base
management fees, transaction and other fees, advisory fees and management fee reductions and offsets.    The Partnership earns
base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. Base management
fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying investment advisory agreements.    Transaction and
other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies. The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited
partners to the Partnership (“management fee  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees directly paid to the Partnership by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the
type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.    Management fee offsets are
reductions to management fees payable by our limited partners, which are granted based on the amount they reimburse Blackstone for placement fees.    Advisory fees consist of advisory retainer and transaction-based fee arrangements related to financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets
services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds. Advisory retainer fees are recognized when services for the transactions are complete, in accordance with terms set forth in individual agreements. Transaction-based fees are
recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided, (c) fees are fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured. Fund placement fees are recognized
as earned upon the acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments.    Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees,
net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in Accounts Receivable or Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Management fees paid by limited partners to the
Blackstone Funds and passed on to Blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.    Performance Fees —Performance
Fees earned on the performance of Blackstone’s hedge fund structures (“Incentive Fees”) are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in
accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund’s governing agreements. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone’s offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within Due
from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Incentive Fees are
realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. Once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.    In certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate and certain Hedge Fund Solutions and credit-focused funds (“Carry Funds”), performance fees (“Carried Interest”)
are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. At the end of each reporting period, the Partnership calculates the Carried Interest that would be due to the
Partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies
between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Carried Interest to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Carried Interest allocated to the general partner or
(b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the Partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to Carried Interest allocated to the general partner. In each scenario,
it is necessary to calculate the Carried Interest on cumulative results compared to the Carried Interest recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. The Partnership ceases to record negative Carried Interest allocations
once previously recognized Carried Interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. The Partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Carried Interest over the life of a fund.
Accrued but unpaid Carried Interest as of the reporting date is reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Carried Interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain
thresholds for return of capital are met. Carried Interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the Carried Interest received to date exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual for potential repayment
of previously received Carried Interest, which is a component of Due to Affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the
Blackstone Carry Funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
underlying funds’ investments as of the reporting date. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain
Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.    Investment Income (Loss) —Investment Income (Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the Partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in
Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. Investment Income (Loss) is realized when the Partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the Partnership receives cash
income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized Investment Income (Loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.  
 Interest and Dividend Revenue —Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on
principal investments held by Blackstone.    Other Revenue —Other Revenue consists of miscellaneous income and
foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.    Expenses
   Compensation and Benefits—Compensation— Compensation and Benefits consists of (a) employee
compensation, comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors.
Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a
straight-line basis. Equity-based awards that do not require future service are expensed immediately. Cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.  
 Compensation and Benefits—Performance Fee —Performance Fee Compensation consists of Carried Interest and Incentive Fee
allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain profit sharing initiatives. Such compensation expense
is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Unlike Carried Interest and Incentive Fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. Compensation received
from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.    Other Operating Expenses —Other Operating Expenses represents general and administrative expenses including interest expense, occupancy and equipment expenses and other expenses, which consist
principally of professional fees, public company costs, travel and related expenses, communications and information services and depreciation and amortization.    Fund Expenses —The expenses of our consolidated Blackstone Funds consist primarily of interest expense, professional fees and other third party expenses.  
 Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities    Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities represent the component of Partners’ Capital in consolidated Blackstone Funds held by third party investors and employees. The percentage interests
held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during the reporting period. In addition, all non-controlling
interests in consolidated Blackstone Funds are attributed a share of income (loss) arising from the respective funds and a share of other comprehensive income, if applicable. Income (Loss) is allocated to
 
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
 non-controlling  interests in consolidated entities based on the relative ownership interests of third party investors and employees after considering any
contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P.    Redeemable
Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities    Non-controlling interests related to funds of hedge funds and
certain other credit-focused funds are subject to annual, semi-annual or quarterly redemption by investors in these funds following the expiration of a specified period of time (typically between one and three years), or may be withdrawn subject to
a redemption fee in the funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds during the period when capital may not be withdrawn. As limited partners in these types of funds have been granted redemption rights, amounts relating to third party
interests in such consolidated funds are presented as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. When redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are
classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. For all consolidated funds in which redemption rights have not been granted, non-controlling
interests are presented within Partners’ Capital in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities.    Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings    Non-Controlling
Interests in Blackstone Holdings represent the component of Partners’ Capital in the consolidated Blackstone Holdings Partnerships held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.
   Certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the Holdings Partnerships. Income (Loss), excluding those costs directly
borne by and attributable to the Holdings Partnerships, is attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings. This residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone
personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.    Income Taxes  
 The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain of their subsidiaries operate in the U.S. as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax
purposes and generally as corporate entities in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to New York City unincorporated business taxes or non-U.S. income taxes. In addition, certain of the wholly owned
subsidiaries of the Partnership and the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax provision attributable to the Partnership’s share of this income
tax is reflected in the consolidated financial statements.    Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability
method of accounting. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax
rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Current and deferred tax liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in
the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.    Blackstone uses the flow-through method to account for investment tax
credits. Under this method, the investment tax credits are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense.    Blackstone
analyzes its tax filing positions in all of the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. Blackstone
 
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process: (a) determination is made whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the
technical merits of the position and (b) those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recognized as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with
the related tax authority. Blackstone recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in General, Administrative, and Other expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 There remains some uncertainty regarding Blackstone’s future taxation levels. Over the past several years, a number of legislative
and administrative proposals to change the taxation of Carried Interest have been introduced and, in certain cases, have been passed by the U.S. House of Representatives that would have, in general, treated income and gains, including gain on sale,
attributable to an investment services partnership interest, or “ISPI”, as income subject to a new blended tax rate that is higher than the capital gains rate applicable to such income under current law, except to the extent such ISPI
would have been considered under the legislation to be a qualified capital interest. Our common units and the interests that we hold in entities that are entitled to receive Carried Interest would likely have been classified as ISPIs for purposes of
this legislation. It is unclear whether or when the U.S. Congress will pass such legislation or what provisions will be included in any final legislation if enacted.    The most recent legislative proposals provided that, for taxable years beginning ten years after the date of enactment, income derived with respect to an ISPI that is not a qualified capital interest and
that is subject to the foregoing rules would not meet the qualifying income requirements under the publicly traded partnership rules. Therefore, if similar legislation were to be enacted, following such ten-year period, we would be precluded from
qualifying as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or be required to hold all such ISPIs through corporations.  
 The Obama administration proposed policies similar to Congress that would tax income and gain, including gain on sale, attributable to an
ISPI at ordinary rates, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. The proposal would also characterize certain income and gain in respect of ISPIs as non-qualifying income under the tax rules applicable to publicly traded
partnerships after a ten-year transition period from the effective date, with an exception for certain qualified capital interests. The Obama administration proposed similar changes in its published revenue proposals for 2013 and prior years.
   On February 26, 2014, Representative Camp, Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, released a discussion draft
of proposed legislation that would introduce major changes to the U.S. federal income tax system (the “2014 Camp Proposal”). It would, among other things (a) generally treat publicly traded partnerships (other than those deriving 90
percent of their income from activities relating to mining and natural resources) as taxable corporations for tax years beginning after 2016 and (b) recharacterize a portion of capital gain from certain partnership interests held in connection
with the performance of services as ordinary income for tax years beginning after 2014.    States and other jurisdictions have
also considered legislation to increase taxes with respect to Carried Interest. For example, in 2010, the New York State Assembly passed a bill, which could have caused a  non-resident  of New York who holds our
common units to be subject to New York state income tax on carried interest earned by entities in which we hold an indirect interest, thereby requiring the non-resident to file a New York state income tax return reporting such carried interest
income. This legislation would have been retroactive to January 1, 2010. It is unclear whether or when similar legislation will be enacted. Finally, several state and local jurisdictions are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity
level taxation through the imposition of state or local income, franchise or other forms of taxation or to increase the amount of such taxation.    If we were taxed as a corporation or were forced to hold interests in entities earning income from Carried Interest through taxable subsidiary corporations, our effective tax rate could increase
significantly. The federal statutory rate for corporations is currently 35%, and the state and local tax rates, net of the federal benefit, aggregate approximately 5%. If a variation of the above described legislation or any other change in the tax
laws,  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
rules, regulations or interpretations preclude us from qualifying for treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the publicly traded partnership rules or force us to
hold interests in entities earning income from Carried Interest through taxable subsidiary corporations, this could materially increase our tax liability, and could well result in a reduction in the market price of our common units.  
 It is not possible at this time to meaningfully quantify the potential impact on Blackstone of this potential future legislation or any
similar legislation. Multiple versions of legislation in this area have been proposed over the last few years that have included significantly different provisions regarding effective dates and the treatment of invested capital, tiered entities and
cross-border operations, among other matters. Depending upon what version of the legislation, if any, were enacted, the potential impact on a public company such as Blackstone in a given year could differ dramatically and could be material. In
addition, these legislative proposals would not themselves impose a tax on a publicly traded partnership such as Blackstone. Rather, they could force Blackstone and other publicly traded partnerships to restructure their operations so as to prevent
disqualifying income from reaching the publicly traded partnership in amounts that would disqualify the partnership from treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such a restructuring could result in more income being earned
in corporate subsidiaries, thereby increasing corporate income tax liability indirectly borne by the publicly traded partnership. In addition, we, and our common unitholders, could be taxed on any such restructuring. The nature of any such
restructuring would depend on the precise provisions of the legislation that was ultimately enacted, as well as the particular facts and circumstances of Blackstone’s operations at the time any such legislation were to take effect, making the
task of predicting the amount of additional tax highly speculative.    The Obama administration has announced other proposals
for potential reform to the U.S. federal income tax rules for businesses, including reducing the deductibility of interest for corporations, reducing the top marginal rate on corporations and subjecting entities currently treated as partnerships for
tax purposes to an entity level income tax similar to the corporate income tax. Several proposals for reform if enacted could adversely affect us. It is unclear what any actual legislation would provide, when it would be proposed or what its
prospects for enactment would be.    The 2014 Camp Proposal, in addition to the proposed changes discussed above relating to
publicly traded partnerships and carried interest, includes proposed provisions for the migration of the United States from a “worldwide” system of taxation, pursuant to which U.S. corporations are taxed on their worldwide income, to a
territorial system where U.S. corporations are taxed only on their U.S. source income (subject to certain exceptions for income derived in low-tax jurisdictions from the exploitation of tangible assets) at a top corporate tax rate that would be 25%.
The 2014 Camp Proposal includes numerous revenue raisers to offset the reduction in the tax rate and base which may or may not be detrimental to us, including changes to the rules for depreciating or amortizing assets, including goodwill, and
changes to rules affecting real estate investment trusts, partnerships and tax-exempt entities. Senator Baucus recently proposed a similar territorial U.S. tax system, but with more expansive U.S. taxation of the foreign profits of non-U.S.
subsidiaries of U.S. corporations. The Baucus proposal would also eliminate the withholding tax exemption on portfolio interest debt obligations for investors residing in non-treaty jurisdictions. Whether these proposals will be enacted by the
government and in what form is unknown, as are the ultimate consequences of the proposed legislation.    Economic Income
   Blackstone uses Economic Income (“EI”) as a key measure of value creation, a benchmark of its performance
and in making resource deployment and compensation decisions across its five segments. EI represents segment net income before taxes excluding transaction-related charges. Transaction-related charges arise from Blackstone’s initial public
offering (“IPO”) and long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions, including acquisitions. Transaction-related charges include equity-based compensation charges, the amortization of
intangible assets and contingent consideration associated with acquisitions. EI presents revenues and expenses on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage. Economic Net Income (“ENI”) represents EI adjusted to include
current period taxes. Taxes represent the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. EI, our principal segment measure, is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly
comparable GAAP  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. (See Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”.)    Fee Related Earnings  
 Blackstone uses Fee Related Earnings (“FRE”), which is derived from EI, as a measure to highlight earnings from operations
excluding: (a) the income related to performance fees and related performance fee compensation costs, (b) income earned from Blackstone’s investments in the Blackstone Funds, and (c) realized and unrealized gains (losses) from
other investments except for such gains (losses) from Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies. Management uses FRE as a measure to assess whether recurring revenue from our businesses is sufficient to adequately cover all of our
operating expenses and generate profits. FRE equals contractual fee revenues, investment income from Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies and interest income, less (a) compensation expenses (which includes amortization of
non-IPO and non-acquisition-related equity-based awards, but excludes amortization of IPO and acquisition-related equity-based awards, Carried Interest and incentive fee compensation) and (b) other operating expenses. See “—Liquidity
and Capital Resources—Sources of Liquidity” below for our discussion of Fee Related Earnings.    Distributable Earnings
   Distributable Earnings, which is derived from our segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess
performance and amounts available for distributions to Blackstone unitholders, including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings, which is a measure not prepared under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (a “non-GAAP” measure), is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the Blackstone Funds. Distributable
Earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes. See “— Liquidity and Capital Resources—Sources of Liquidity” below for our
discussion of Distributable Earnings.    Distributable Earnings, which is a component of Economic Net Income, is the sum across
all segments of: (a) Total Management and Advisory Fees, (b) Interest and Dividend Revenue, (c) Other Revenue, (d) Realized Performance Fees, and (e) Realized Investment Income (Loss); less (a) Compensation, excluding
the expense of equity-based awards, (b) Realized Performance Fee Compensation, (c) Other Operating Expenses, and (d) Taxes and Payables Under the Tax Receivable Agreement.  
 Blackstone amended its definition of Distributable Earnings in the second quarter of 2013 to exclude the expense of equity-based awards.
Excluding this expense presents a better determination of amounts available for distribution to Blackstone unitholders. Distributable Earnings amounts presented for prior periods have been conformed to this presentation.  
 Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization  
 Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), is a supplemental measure
derived from our segment reported results and may be used to assess our ability to service our borrowings. Adjusted EBITDA represents Distributable Earnings plus the addition of (a) Interest Expense, (b) Taxes and Related Payables
Including Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement, and (c) Depreciation and Amortization. See “—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Sources of Liquidity” below for our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA.  
 Summary Walkdown of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Metrics    The relationship of our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures is presented in the summary walkdown below. The summary walkdown shows how each non-GAAP financial measure is related to the other non-GAAP
financial measures. This presentation is not meant to be a detailed calculation of each measure, but to show the relationship between the measures. For the calculation of each of these non-GAAP financial measures and a full reconciliation of Income
Before Provision for Taxes to Distributable Earnings, please see “—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Sources of Liquidity.”  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

      


 
    Operating Metrics    The alternative asset management business is a complex business that is primarily based on managing third party capital and does not require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth.
However, there also can be volatility associated with its earnings and cash flows. Since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of our various alternative asset
management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value creating strategies.    Assets Under Management. 
Assets Under Management refers to the assets we manage. Our Assets Under Management equals the sum of:       
 
 
   
 (a) 
 the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us, plus the capital that we are entitled to call
from investors in those funds and entities pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods,  
   
 
 
   
 (b) 
 the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,  
   
 
 
   
 (c) 
 the fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
 the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our CLOs and CDOs during the reinvestment period,  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 (e) 
 the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our CLOs and CDOs after the reinvestment period,  
   
 
 
   
 (f) 
 the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies, and  
   
 
 
   
 (g) 
 the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, or similar instruments issued by our public REIT.  
 Our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election.
Our funds of hedge funds and hedge funds generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), in most cases upon advance written notice, with the
majority of our funds requiring from 60 days up to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. Investment advisory agreements related to separately managed accounts may generally be terminated by
an investor on 30 to 90 days’ notice.    Fee-Earning Assets Under Management .   Fee-Earning Assets Under
Management refers to the assets we manage on which we derive management and/or performance fees. Our Fee-Earning Assets Under Management equals the sum of:       
 
 
   
 (a) 
 for our Private Equity segment funds and Real Estate segment carry funds including certain real estate debt investment funds and certain of our Hedge Fund Solutions
funds, the amount of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
 for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
     
 
 
   
 (c) 
 the remaining invested capital of co-investments managed by us on which we receive fees,  
   
 
 
   
 (d) 
 the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds and certain registered investment companies,  
   
 
 
   
 (e) 
 the fair value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,  
   
 
 
   
 (f) 
 the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings of our REITs, subject to certain adjustments,  
   
 
 
   
 (g) 
 the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our CLOs and CDOs, and  
   
 
 
   
 (h) 
 the gross amount of assets (including leverage) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies.  
 Our calculations of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset
managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. In addition, our calculation of assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds
from Blackstone and our personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. Our definitions of assets under management or fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of assets under
management or fee-earning assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.    For our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the investments held, whereas fee-earning assets under management includes the amount of capital commitments, the remaining
amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has or has not expired or the fee terms of the fund. As such, fee-earning assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair
value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.    Limited Partner Capital Invested. 
Limited Partner Capital Invested represents the amount of Limited Partner capital commitments which were invested by our carry and drawdown funds during each period presented, plus the capital invested through co-investments arranged by us that were
made by limited partners in investments of our carry funds on which we receive fees or a Carried Interest allocation or Incentive Fee.    The amount of committed undrawn capital available for investment, including general partner and employee commitments, is known as dry powder and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future
investments.  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Financial Highlights  
 The following charts highlight certain financial metrics (a) :      
 


 
      
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
 (a) 
 Total Segment Revenues and Segment Performance Fee and Investment Income Revenues represent the respective total segment amounts. See Note 21. “Segment
Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing. CAGR is the compound annual growth rate. Net Realization Activity represents
the sum of Net Realized Incentive Fees, Net Realized Carried Interest, Net Realized Investment Income, Taxes and Related Payables and Equity-Based Compensation. For the components of Net Realization Activity, other than Economic Income, see the
reconciliation of Fee Related Earnings, Distributable Earnings and Economic Net Income at “—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Sources of Liquidity” below. For Net Accrued Performance Fees, see “—Consolidated Results of
Operations—Net Accrued Performance Fees” below. Net Performance Fee Receivable as of December 31, 2009 is not available.    Consolidated Results of Operations    Following is a discussion of our
consolidated results of operations for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2013. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our five business segments (which are presented on a basis
that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage) in these periods, see “—Segment Analysis” below.  
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following tables set forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations
and certain key operating metrics for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2013 vs. 2012 
   
   
 2012 vs. 2011 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
   
 $ 
 2,193,985 
    
   
 $ 
 2,030,693 
    
   
 $ 
 1,811,750 
    
   
 $ 
 163,292 
    
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 218,943 
    
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 943,958 
    
   
   
 327,422 
    
   
   
 138,907 
    
   
   
 616,536 
    
   
   
 188 
 %  
   
   
 188,515 
    
   
   
 136 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 464,838 
    
   
   
 301,801 
    
   
   
 90,099 
    
   
   
 163,037 
    
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 211,702 
    
   
   
 235 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 2,158,010 
    
   
   
 994,190 
    
   
   
 971,518 
    
   
   
 1,163,820 
    
   
   
 117 
 %  
   
   
 22,672 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (22,749 
 )  
   
   
 (30,361 
 )  
   
   
 (17,864 
 )  
   
   
 7,612 
    
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 (12,497 
 )  
   
   
 -70 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 3,544,057 
    
   
   
 1,593,052 
    
   
   
 1,182,660 
    
   
   
 1,951,005 
    
   
   
 122 
 %  
   
   
 410,392 
    
   
   
 35 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 188,644 
    
   
   
 93,963 
    
   
   
 87,542 
    
   
   
 94,681 
    
   
   
 101 
 %  
   
   
 6,421 
    
   
   
 7 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 611,664 
    
   
   
 256,231 
    
   
   
 125,781 
    
   
   
 355,433 
    
   
   
 139 
 %  
   
   
 130,450 
    
   
   
 104 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 800,308 
    
   
   
 350,194 
    
   
   
 213,323 
    
   
   
 450,114 
    
   
   
 129 
 %  
   
   
 136,871 
    
   
   
 64 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 64,511 
    
   
   
 40,354 
    
   
   
 37,427 
    
   
   
 24,157 
    
   
   
 60 
 %  
   
   
 2,927 
    
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 10,307 
    
   
   
 5,148 
    
   
   
 7,416 
    
   
   
 5,159 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 (2,268 
 )  
   
   
 -31 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 6,613,168 
    
   
   
 4,019,441 
    
   
   
 3,252,576 
    
   
   
 2,593,727 
    
   
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 766,865 
    
   
   
 24 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 1,844,485 
    
   
   
 2,091,698 
    
   
   
 2,421,712 
    
   
   
 (247,213 
 )  
   
   
 -12 
 %  
   
   
 (330,014 
 )  
   
   
 -14 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 257,201 
    
   
   
 96,433 
    
   
   
 43,615 
    
   
   
 160,768 
    
   
   
 167 
 %  
   
   
 52,818 
    
   
   
 121 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 200,915 
    
   
   
 140,042 
    
   
   
 55,912 
    
   
   
 60,873 
    
   
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 84,130 
    
   
   
 150 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 966,717 
    
   
   
 321,599 
    
   
   
 237,945 
    
   
   
 645,118 
    
   
   
 201 
 %  
   
   
 83,654 
    
   
   
 35 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (11,651 
 )  
   
   
 (44,528 
 )  
   
   
 (20,759 
 )  
   
   
 32,877 
    
   
   
 74 
 %  
   
   
 (23,769 
 )  
   
   
 -114 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 3,257,667 
    
   
   
 2,605,244 
    
   
   
 2,738,425 
    
   
   
 652,423 
    
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 (133,181 
 )  
   
   
 -5 
 %  
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
   
   
 474,442 
    
   
   
 548,738 
    
   
   
 566,313 
    
   
   
 (74,296 
 )  
   
   
 -14 
 %  
   
   
 (17,575 
 )  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 107,973 
    
   
   
 72,870 
    
   
   
 57,824 
    
   
   
 35,103 
    
   
   
 48 
 %  
   
   
 15,046 
    
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
   Fund Expenses 
   
   
 26,658 
    
   
   
 33,829 
    
   
   
 25,507 
    
   
   
 (7,171 
 )  
   
   
 -21 
 %  
   
   
 8,322 
    
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 3,866,740 
    
   
   
 3,260,681 
    
   
   
 3,388,069 
    
   
   
 606,059 
    
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 (127,388 
 )  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
   
   
 20,469 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 197,816 
    
   
   
 20,469 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (197,816 
 )  
   
   
 -100 
 %  
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
   
   
 381,664 
    
   
   
 256,145 
    
   
   
 14,935 
    
   
   
 125,519 
    
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 241,210 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
   
   
 402,133 
    
   
   
 256,145 
    
   
   
 212,751 
    
   
   
 145,988 
    
   
   
 57 
 %  
   
   
 43,394 
    
   
   
 20 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 3,148,561 
    
   
   
 1,014,905 
    
   
   
 77,258 
    
   
   
 2,133,656 
    
   
   
 210 
 %  
   
   
 937,647 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Provision for Taxes 
   
   
 255,642 
    
   
   
 185,023 
    
   
   
 345,711 
    
   
   
 70,619 
    
   
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 (160,688 
 )  
   
   
 -46 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
   
   
 2,892,919 
    
   
   
 829,882 
    
   
   
 (268,453 
 )  
   
   
 2,063,037 
    
   
   
 249 
 %  
   
   
 1,098,335 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 183,315 
    
   
   
 103,598 
    
   
   
 (24,869 
 )  
   
   
 79,717 
    
   
   
 77 
 %  
   
   
 128,467 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 198,557 
    
   
   
 99,959 
    
   
   
 7,953 
    
   
   
 98,598 
    
   
   
 99 
 %  
   
   
 92,006 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 1,339,845 
    
   
   
 407,727 
    
   
   
 (83,234 
 )  
   
   
 932,118 
    
   
   
 229 
 %  
   
   
 490,961 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
   
 $ 
 218,598 
    
   
 $ 
 (168,303 
 )  
   
 $ 
 952,604 
    
   
   
 436 
 %  
   
 $ 
 386,901 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Revenues    Total Revenues were $6.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $2.6 billion, or 65%, compared to $4.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012.
Performance Fees and Investment Income increased between these periods by $2.0 billion and $450.1 million, respectively, and Management and Advisory Fees, Net increased by $163.3 million.  
 Performance Fees in our Real Estate segment increased by $1.3 billion due to the strong performance of our BREP carry funds and were
primarily driven by valuation gains on investments within our BREP VI and BREP VII funds. The valuation gains were driven by the successful initial public offerings of Hilton, Extended Stay and Brixmor as well as gains resulting from improving
fundamentals of Equity Office and Invitation Homes. Performance Fees in our Private Equity segment increased by $470.0 million principally due to performance in our BCP IV, BEP and BCP VI funds, which had net returns of 23%, 36% and 12%,
respectively. Performance Fees increased by $123.0 million in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due to the increase in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management above their respective high water marks and/or hurdle, and therefore eligible for
Performance Fees. Performance Fees increased by $88.4 million in our Credit segment due to higher returns in our hedge fund strategies funds and continued strong underlying company performance in the portfolios of our carry funds.  
 The increase in Investment Income was primarily due to increases in our Real Estate and Private Equity segments of $266.4 million
and $138.6 million, respectively. The increase in our Real Estate segment was driven by valuation gains on investments across our global Real Estate funds including the successful initial public offerings of Hilton, Extended Stay and Brixmor.
The increase in our Private Equity segment was driven by returns across all of our significant funds. The portfolio benefited from strong performance of our public holdings through the year, including the successful initial public offerings of
Pinnacle Foods, SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment, Merlin Entertainments and Hilton, while our private portfolio benefited from investments in the healthcare, industrial and retail/consumer sectors.  
 The increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net was due to increases in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment of $61.6 million, our
Financial Advisory segment of $53.9 million, our Private Equity segment of $16.7 million and our Real Estate segment of $13.6 million. The increase in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment was primarily due to an increase in Fee-Earning
Assets Under Management. The increase in our Financial Advisory segment was due to the number and size of transactions completed during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the prior year. The increase in our Private Equity segment was
primarily due to the increase in the funds raised for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles as well as the addition of the Strategic Partners secondary private fund of funds business. The increase in our Real Estate segment was primarily
driven by the increase in funds raised for our BREP Asia, BREP Europe IV, BXMT and BREDS II funds offset by the expiration of the BREP IV fund and decrease in management fees earned by the acquired Asian real estate platform.  
 Total Revenues were $4.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $766.9 million compared to
$3.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by increases of $410.4 million in Performance Fees, $218.9 million in Management and Advisory Fees and $136.9 million in
Investment Income. The increase in Performance Fees was due (a) to increases in the net returns of the performance fee generating funds in the Private Equity segment that were greater than the prior year, (b) a 14.4% increase in the
carrying value of assets for Blackstone’s contributed Real Estate funds primarily due to the continued improvement of operating fundamentals, particularly in our hospitality, office and retail holdings, (c) an increase in Fee-Earning
Assets Under Management in the Hedge Funds Solutions segment related to funds of hedge funds above their respective high water marks and/or hurdle during the year ended December 31, 2012, and (d) a higher rate of appreciation in our Credit
segment in the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended December 31, 2011, with net returns of 13.4% for the hedge funds, 26.2% for the mezzanine funds and 15.7% for the rescue lending funds for the year ended
December 31, 2012. The increase in Management and Advisory Fees was primarily attributable to an increase in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management of 23% during the current year across the segments. The increase in Investment Income is primarily
due to the increases in unrealized appreciation due to the increase in fair value of investments.  
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Expenses    Expenses were $3.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $606.1 million, or 19%, compared to $3.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase
was primarily attributable to increases in Total Compensation and Benefits of $652.4 million and Interest Expense of $35.1 million, partially offset by a $74.3 million decrease in General, Administrative and Other. The increase in
Total Compensation and Benefits was comprised of a $899.6 million increase in Performance Fee Compensation due to the increase in Performance Fees Revenue and partially offset by a $247.2 million decrease in Compensation due mainly to a
decrease in the equity-based amortization charges on our transaction-related awards. The $35.1 million increase in Interest Expense was primarily related to Blackstone’s issuance of senior notes during the third quarter of 2012. These
increases were partially offset by a $74.3 million decrease in General, Administrative and Other, which was primarily due to decreases in depreciation and amortization and professional expenses.  
 Expenses were $3.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $127.4 million, or 4%, compared to
$3.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2011. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $133.2 million in Compensation and Benefits. Compensation decreased $330.0 million from the prior year period to
$2.1 billion as a result of the absence of expense related to certain of our equity-based compensation awards that vested at the end of the second quarter of 2011 while Performance Fee Compensation increased $196.8 million due to the
increases in Performance Fees revenue. General, Administrative and Other expenses were $548.7 million for the current year period, a decrease of $17.6 million driven primarily by a decrease in amortization expense partially offset by
increases in business development and professional expenses related to new investment products offered across the segments. Interest Expense was $72.9 million for the current year, an increase of $15.0 million from the same period of 2011
primarily due to Blackstone’s issuance of senior notes in 2012.    Other Income  
 Other Income was $402.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $146.0 million compared to
$256.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was comprised of an increase in Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities of $125.5 million and income attributable to the reversal of the tax receivable agreement
liability of $20.5 million.    Other Income—Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities is attributable to the
consolidated Blackstone Funds which are largely held by third party investors. As such, most of this Other Income was eliminated from the results attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. through the redeemable non-controlling interests and
non-controlling interests items in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Other Income—Net Gains from Fund
Investment Activities was $381.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $125.5 million compared to $256.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This increase was primarily comprised of increases
in our Hedge Fund Solutions, Real Estate and Private Equity segments of $111.3 million, $67.7 million and $54.3 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease of $107.8 million in our Credit segment. The increase in our
Hedge Fund Solutions segment was primarily the result of an increase in investment performance from certain of our consolidated funds. The Real Estate increase in 2013 was driven by valuation gains on investments across our global Real Estate funds.
The Private Equity increase in 2013 was driven by returns across all of our significant funds. The decrease in our Credit segment was primarily due to higher valuations on the liabilities of the consolidated CLO vehicles, which led to increases in
unrealized losses.    Also included in Other Income in 2013 was $20.5 million of income attributable to the reversal of the
tax receivable agreement liability.    Other Income—Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities was $256.1 million for
the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $241.2 million compared to $14.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase of $241.2 million was substantially due to increases in the income related to our
investments in our consolidated CLO vehicles.  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Also included in Other Income in 2011 was $197.8 million of Other Income attributable
to the reversal of the tax receivable agreement liability. The liability reduction resulted from certain corporate subsidiaries adopting New York State and New York City tax laws for sourcing of revenue for apportionment purposes, which reduced the
effective tax rate for such corporate subsidiaries. This, in turn, reduced the expected future tax savings that would result in payments due to certain non-controlling interest holders under the tax receivable agreements.  
 Provision for Taxes    Blackstone’s Provision for Taxes for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $255.6 million, $185.0 million and $345.7 million, respectively. This resulted in an
effective tax rate of 8.1%, 18.2% and 447.5%, respectively, based on our Income Before Provision for Taxes of $3.1 billion, $1.0 billion and $77.3 million, respectively.  
 Two factors contributed to the 10.1% decrease in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year
ended December 31, 2012. First, pre-tax book income includes pre-tax income of $2.6 billion for 2013 and pre-tax income of $683.2 million for 2012 that is passed through to common unit holders and non-controlling interest holders and
is not subject to tax by the Partnership and its subsidiaries. The year over year change resulted in a decrease to the effective tax rate of 5.1% when comparing 2013 to 2012.    Second, in both 2013 and 2012, book equity-based compensation expense exceeded the tax deductible equity-based compensation expense due to the issuance of units that are not tax deductible since they
represent a value for value exchange for tax purposes. Although the amount of the excess book expense over the tax expense does not change significantly in 2013 compared to 2012, the impact of the effective tax rate increase was 1.6% and 9.3% in
2013 and 2012, respectively, resulting from the significant increase in pre-tax book income in 2013 compared to 2012.    Several
factors contributed to the 429.3% decrease in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. First, the decrease in the effective tax rate was largely due to the reversal of
$233.7 million of deferred tax assets as a result of the application of New York State and New York City tax laws during 2011, which resulted in a lower apportionment of income subject to tax in New York State and New York City. The lower
apportionment of income to New York State and New York City also resulted in an income tax benefit of $69.2 million for the exclusion of $197.8 million book income realized from the reduction to the tax receivable agreement liability. The
reversal of the deferred tax assets less the benefit of the income exclusion resulted in a significant increase to the 2011 effective tax rate that was not repeated for 2012 and a 203.0% decrease in the effective tax rate when comparing 2012 to
2011.    Second, pre-tax book income includes pre-tax income of $683.2 million for 2012 and pre-tax loss of
$169.7 million for 2011 that is passed through to common unit holders and non-controlling interest holders and is not subject to tax by the Partnership and its subsidiaries. The year over year change resulted in a decrease to the effective rate
of 100.4% when comparing 2012 to 2011.    Third, in both 2012 and 2011, book equity-based compensation expense exceeded the tax
deductible equity based-compensation expense due to the issuance of units that are not tax deductible since they represent a value for value exchange for tax purposes. Although the amount of the excess book expense over the tax expense did not
change significantly in 2012 compared to 2011, the amount of pretax book income to which the amount of excess book expense was compared increased significantly in 2012 compared to 2011. This caused the effective tax rates to increase by 9.3% and
132.4% in 2012 and 2011, respectively, resulting in the decrease of 123.1% to the effective tax rate in 2012 compared to 2011.  
 All factors except for the reversal of the deferred tax asset are expected to impact the effective tax rate for future years.  

      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Additional information regarding our income taxes can be found in Note 14. “Income
Taxes” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.    Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities    The Net Income (Loss)
Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities and Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities is attributable to the consolidated Blackstone Funds. The amounts of these items vary
directly with the performance of the consolidated Blackstone Funds and largely eliminate the amount of Other Income—Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities from the Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P.  
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings is derived from the Income Before Provision for Taxes,
excluding the Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities and the Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability, and the percentage allocation of the income between Blackstone Holdings and The Blackstone Group L.P. after considering any contractual
arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P.    For the years
ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the net income before taxes allocated to Blackstone Holdings was 49.3%, 53.1% and 57.4%, respectively. The decreases of 3.8% and 4.3% were primarily due to conversions of Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Units to Blackstone common units and the vesting of common units.    The Other Income—Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement
Liability was entirely allocated to The Blackstone Group L.P.  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Operating Metrics  
 The following graph summarizes the Fee-Earning Assets Under Management by Segment and Total Assets Under Management by Segment, followed
by a rollforward of activity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. For a description of how Assets Under Management and Fee-Earning Assets Under Management are determined, please see “—Key Financial Measures and
Indicators—Operating Metrics—Assets Under Management and Fee-Earning Assets Under Management”.      
 


 
      
 
 
 Note: 
 Totals may not add due to rounding.  
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Fee-Earning Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 37,050,167 
    
   
 $ 
 41,931,339 
    
   
 $ 
 43,478,791 
    
   
 $ 
 45,420,143 
    
   
 $ 
 167,880,440 
    
   
 $ 
 37,237,791 
    
   
 $ 
 31,236,540 
    
   
 $ 
 37,819,636 
    
   
 $ 
 30,462,786 
    
   
 $ 
 136,756,753 
    
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 9,884,340 
    
   
   
 13,835,625 
    
   
   
 9,098,002 
    
   
   
 15,382,428 
    
   
   
 48,200,395 
    
   
   
 2,628,583 
    
   
   
 14,584,089 
    
   
   
 5,460,096 
    
   
   
 20,055,005 
    
   
   
 42,727,773 
    
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (392,882 
 )  
   
   
 (1,329,763 
 )  
   
   
 (3,626,636 
 )  
   
   
 (2,085,211 
 )  
   
   
 (7,434,492 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1,486,257 
 )  
   
   
 (2,871,612 
 )  
   
   
 (1,700,137 
 )  
   
   
 (6,058,006 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (4,025,167 
 )  
   
   
 (3,649,494 
 )  
   
   
 (348,126 
 )  
   
   
 (8,871,543 
 )  
   
   
 (16,894,330 
 )  
   
   
 (2,844,946 
 )  
   
   
 (2,530,057 
 )  
   
   
 (143,677 
 )  
   
   
 (4,811,088 
 )  
   
   
 (10,329,768 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows (Outflows) 
   
   
 5,466,291 
    
   
   
 8,856,368 
    
   
   
 5,123,240 
    
   
   
 4,425,674 
    
   
   
 23,871,573 
    
   
   
 (216,363 
 )  
   
   
 10,567,775 
    
   
   
 2,444,807 
    
   
   
 13,543,780 
    
   
   
 26,339,999 
    
 
   Market Appreciation (Depreciation) (d) 
   
   
 84,057 
    
   
   
 5,096 
    
   
   
 4,263,806 
    
   
   
 1,876,767 
    
   
   
 6,229,726 
    
   
   
 28,739 
    
   
   
 127,024 
    
   
   
 3,214,348 
    
   
   
 1,413,577 
    
   
   
 4,783,688 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period (e) 
   
 $ 
 42,600,515 
    
   
 $ 
 50,792,803 
    
   
 $ 
 52,865,837 
    
   
 $ 
 51,722,584 
    
   
 $ 
 197,981,739 
    
   
 $ 
 37,050,167 
    
   
 $ 
 41,931,339 
    
   
 $ 
 43,478,791 
    
   
 $ 
 45,420,143 
    
   
 $ 
 167,880,440 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
 $ 
 5,550,348 
    
   
 $ 
 8,861,464 
    
   
 $ 
 9,387,046 
    
   
 $ 
 6,302,441 
    
   
 $ 
 30,101,299 
    
   
 $ 
 (187,624 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,694,799 
    
   
 $ 
 5,659,155 
    
   
 $ 
 14,957,357 
    
   
 $ 
 31,123,687 
    
 
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 -1 
 %  
   
   
 34 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Fee-Earning Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 24,188,555 
    
   
 $ 
 26,814,714 
    
   
 $ 
 33,159,795 
    
   
 $ 
 25,337,158 
    
   
 $ 
 109,500,222 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 16,297,887 
    
   
   
 7,844,635 
    
   
   
 9,677,992 
    
   
   
 9,928,845 
    
   
   
 43,749,359 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (2,493,160 
 )  
   
   
 (2,026,993 
 )  
   
   
 (2,863,303 
 )  
   
   
 (1,280,522 
 )  
   
   
 (8,663,978 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (747,853 
 )  
   
   
 (1,352,763 
 )  
   
   
 (450,042 
 )  
   
   
 (3,501,539 
 )  
   
   
 (6,052,197 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Inflows 
   
   
 13,056,874 
    
   
   
 4,464,879 
    
   
   
 6,364,647 
    
   
   
 5,146,784 
    
   
   
 29,033,184 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Market Appreciation (d) 
   
   
 (7,638 
 )  
   
   
 (43,053 
 )  
   
   
 (1,704,806 
 )  
   
   
 (21,156 
 )  
   
   
 (1,776,653 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, End of Period (e) 
   
 $ 
 37,237,791 
    
   
 $ 
 31,236,540 
    
   
 $ 
 37,819,636 
    
   
 $ 
 30,462,786 
    
   
 $ 
 136,756,753 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 13,049,236 
    
   
 $ 
 4,421,826 
    
   
 $ 
 4,659,841 
    
   
 $ 
 5,125,628 
    
   
 $ 
 27,256,531 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase 
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Total Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 51,002,973 
    
   
 $ 
 56,695,645 
    
   
 $ 
 46,092,505 
    
   
 $ 
 56,428,837 
    
   
 $ 
 210,219,960 
    
   
 $ 
 45,863,673 
    
   
 $ 
 42,852,669 
    
   
 $ 
 40,534,768 
    
   
 $ 
 36,977,394 
    
   
 $ 
 166,228,504 
    
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 14,420,278 
    
   
   
 17,686,592 
    
   
   
 9,337,644 
    
   
   
 18,834,429 
    
   
   
 60,278,943 
    
   
   
 4,233,716 
    
   
   
 12,566,140 
    
   
   
 5,338,892 
    
   
   
 24,489,441 
    
   
   
 46,628,189 
    
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (653,357 
 )  
   
   
 (1,049,598 
 )  
   
   
 (3,854,587 
 )  
   
   
 (2,810,710 
 )  
   
   
 (8,368,252 
 )  
   
   
 (76,495 
 )  
   
   
 (262,300 
 )  
   
   
 (2,983,054 
 )  
   
   
 (2,429,344 
 )  
   
   
 (5,751,193 
 )  
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (9,584,276 
 )  
   
   
 (8,298,220 
 )  
   
   
 (447,960 
 )  
   
   
 (11,195,989 
 )  
   
   
 (29,526,445 
 )  
   
   
 (3,452,647 
 )  
   
   
 (3,926,671 
 )  
   
   
 (184,798 
 )  
   
   
 (5,179,250 
 )  
   
   
 (12,743,366 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Inflows 
   
   
 4,182,645 
    
   
   
 8,338,774 
    
   
   
 5,035,097 
    
   
   
 4,827,730 
    
   
   
 22,384,246 
    
   
   
 704,574 
    
   
   
 8,377,169 
    
   
   
 2,171,040 
    
   
   
 16,880,847 
    
   
   
 28,133,630 
    
 
   Market Appreciation (Depreciation) (d) 
   
   
 10,489,413 
    
   
   
 14,376,369 
    
   
   
 4,529,861 
    
   
   
 3,757,781 
    
   
   
 33,153,424 
    
   
   
 4,434,726 
    
   
   
 5,465,807 
    
   
   
 3,386,697 
    
   
   
 2,570,596 
    
   
   
 15,857,826 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period (e) 
   
 $ 
 65,675,031 
    
   
 $ 
 79,410,788 
    
   
 $ 
 55,657,463 
    
   
 $ 
 65,014,348 
    
   
 $ 
 265,757,630 
    
   
 $ 
 51,002,973 
    
   
 $ 
 56,695,645 
    
   
 $ 
 46,092,505 
    
   
 $ 
 56,428,837 
    
   
 $ 
 210,219,960 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 14,672,058 
    
   
 $ 
 22,715,143 
    
   
 $ 
 9,564,958 
    
   
 $ 
 8,585,511 
    
   
 $ 
 55,537,670 
    
   
 $ 
 5,139,300 
    
   
 $ 
 13,842,976 
    
   
 $ 
 5,557,737 
    
   
 $ 
 19,451,443 
    
   
 $ 
 43,991,456 
    
 
   Increase 
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 53 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Assets Under Management 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 29,319,136 
    
   
 $ 
 33,165,124 
    
   
 $ 
 34,587,292 
    
   
 $ 
 31,052,368 
    
   
 $ 
 128,123,920 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Inflows, including Commitments (a) 
   
   
 18,620,779 
    
   
   
 8,297,282 
    
   
   
 11,303,991 
    
   
   
 11,292,641 
    
   
   
 49,514,693 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Outflows, including Distributions (b) 
   
   
 (76,632 
 )  
   
   
 (432,938 
 )  
   
   
 (3,070,287 
 )  
   
   
 (1,488,803 
 )  
   
   
 (5,068,660 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realizations (c) 
   
   
 (4,195,682 
 )  
   
   
 (2,546,701 
 )  
   
   
 (552,165 
 )  
   
   
 (4,184,206 
 )  
   
   
 (11,478,754 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Inflows 
   
   
 14,348,465 
    
   
   
 5,317,643 
    
   
   
 7,681,539 
    
   
   
 5,619,632 
    
   
   
 32,967,279 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Market Appreciation (d) 
   
   
 2,196,072 
    
   
   
 4,369,902 
    
   
   
 (1,734,063 
 )  
   
   
 305,394 
    
   
   
 5,137,305 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, End of Period (e) 
   
 $ 
 45,863,673 
    
   
 $ 
 42,852,669 
    
   
 $ 
 40,534,768 
    
   
 $ 
 36,977,394 
    
   
 $ 
 166,228,504 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase 
   
 $ 
 16,544,537 
    
   
 $ 
 9,687,545 
    
   
 $ 
 5,947,476 
    
   
 $ 
 5,925,026 
    
   
 $ 
 38,104,584 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase 
   
   
 56 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Inflows represent contributions in our hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds, increases in available capital for our carry funds (capital raises, recallable capital
and increased side-by-side commitments) and CLOs and increases in the capital we manage pursuant to separately managed account programs.  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (b) 
 Outflows represent redemptions in our hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds, client withdrawals from our separately managed account programs and decreases in
available capital for our carry funds (expired capital, expense drawdowns and decreased side-by-side commitments). Also included is the distribution of funds associated with the discontinuation of our proprietary single manager hedge funds.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 Realizations represent realizations from the disposition of assets, capital returned to investors from CLOs and the effect of changes in the definition of Total Assets
Under Management.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Market appreciation (depreciation) includes realized and unrealized gains (losses) on portfolio investments and the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
 
 
 
 (e) 
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management and Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2013 included $283.4 million and $313.4 million, respectively, from a
joint venture in which we are the minority interest holder.    Fee-Earning Assets Under Management
   Fee-Earning Assets Under Management were $198.0 billion at December 31, 2013, an increase of $30.1 billion,
or 18%, compared to $167.9 billion at December 31, 2012. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $48.2 billion related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $15.4 billion in our Credit segment driven by $4.8 billion raised in our business development companies (“BDCs”), $3.9 billion
raised in our other vehicles, $3.7 billion raised in CLO launches, $1.6 billion raised in Hedge Fund Strategies, and $1.4 billion of capital deployed in our Mezzanine and Rescue Lending Funds,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $13.8 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily related to $5.5 billion raised for our fourth European fund, $3.2 billion raised for
our first Asian fund, $1.6 billion of co-investment capital raised across our funds, $1.3 billion for our second debt strategies fund and $714.6 million in BXMT,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.9 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily due to $7.0 billion related to the acquisition of Strategic Partners as well as
$2.7 billion in additional capital raised for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.1 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment mainly related to growth in its customized products, the launch of BAAM’s first alternative
investment-focused mutual fund and growth in commingled products.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $6.2 billion principally due to solid returns from the BAAM Principal Solutions funds in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment
as well as from the hedge fund strategies and business development companies in our Credit segment.  
 Offsetting these increases were:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $16.9 billion primarily driven by:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $8.9 billion in our Credit segment primarily due to $6.9 billion returned to CLO investors from CLOs that are post their reinvestment periods
and $1.9 billion returned across the Mezzanine and Rescue Lending funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.0 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily resulting from $2.6 billion return of capital from our BCP V fund, including Nielsen
($308.6 million), SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment ($196.1 million), Pinnacle Foods ($157.4 million), and $744.3 million from our BCP IV fund including Vanguard ($286.2 million), TDC ($134.9 million) and TRW
Automotive ($119.4 million), and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.6 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily due to $2.1 billion of realizations in our BREDS funds, $602.6 million in our BREP VI
fund and $460.3 million in our BREP V fund.  
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $7.4 billion primarily attributable to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.6 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment primarily due to the liquidity needs of limited partners,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.1 billion in our Credit segment primarily from our long-only platform, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.3 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily due to the end of BREP Europe III’s investment period and redemptions from the debt
strategies hedge funds.    BAAM had net inflows of $1.5 billion from January 1 through
February 1, 2014.    Fee-Earning Assets Under Management were $167.9 billion at December 31, 2012, an increase of
$31.1 billion, or 23%, compared to $136.8 billion at December 31, 2011. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $42.7 billion related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $20.1 billion in our Credit segment resulting from the launch of our third closed-end fund, the pricing of three new CLOs, deploying limited
partner capital in our carry funds, inflows across our long-only platform and the acquisition of Harbourmaster on January 5, 2012,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $14.6 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily driven by capital committed to BREP VII, invested capital in our BREDS funds and
$2.2 billion from the Capital Trust (renamed BXMT) transaction in December 2012,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.5 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment mainly related to growth in its commingled and customized investment products, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.6 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily due to the commencement of the investment period for our Tactical Opportunities investment
vehicles, additional capital raised for our energy focused fund, Blackstone Energy Partners (“BEP”), and investments made from funds that earn fees on invested capital.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $4.8 billion principally due to solid returns from the BAAM Principal Solutions funds in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment
and steady appreciation in certain credit-focused funds in our Credit segment.    Offsetting these increases
were:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $10.3 billion driven by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.8 billion in our Credit segment primarily due to capital returned to CLO investors from CLOs that are post their reinvestment periods and
realizations in our carry funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.8 billion in our Private Equity segment primarily as a result of the dispositions of investments in funds which earn fees based on remaining
invested capital, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.5 billion in our Real Estate segment attributable to the sales of various investments across the real estate segment’s funds which earn
fees on invested capital.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $6.1 billion primarily attributable to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.9 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due to the liquidity needs of limited partners,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.7 billion in our Credit segment primarily from our long-only platform and hedge funds, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.5 billion in our Real Estate segment due primarily to the ending of BREP IV’s partnership term in December 2012 which ceased earning
management fees on invested capital.  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Total Assets Under Management  
 Total Assets Under Management were $265.8 billion at December 31, 2013, an increase of $55.5 billion, or 26%, compared to
$210.2 billion at December 31, 2012. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $60.3 billion primarily related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $18.8 billion in our Credit segment due to the reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management in addition to $2.1 billion of
commitments to our Rescue Lending funds and $728.9 million to our Mezzanine funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $17.7 billion in our Real Estate segment attributable to multiple closings on our latest European, first Asia and second debt strategies funds,
the completion of a secondary and convertible debt offering by BXMT and co-investment capital raised,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $14.4 billion in our Private Equity segment due primarily to $9.4 billion related to the acquisition of Strategic Partners, $3.5 billion
of additional capital raised for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles and $687.7 million related to the first close on our next Strategic Partners fund, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.3 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due primarily to the reasons noted above in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management in addition to
the $1.1 billion initial close of our first permanent capital vehicle acquiring general partner interests in hedge funds.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $33.2 billion due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $14.4 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by successful initial public offerings of Hilton ($5.5 billion), Extended Stay Hotels
($697.0 million) and Brixmor ($600.5 million), as well as valuation gains resulting from improving fundamentals of Equity Office Properties ($1.0 billion) and Invitation Homes ($911.7 million),  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $10.5 billion in our Private Equity segment driven by successful initial public offerings in our BCP V fund totaling $3.7 billion (Hilton
($2.0 billion), Pinnacle Foods ($1.1 billion), SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment ($536.4 million)) and in our BCP IV fund of $1.0 billion (Merlin Entertainments); in total, public portfolio appreciation of 49.5% created
$6.6 billion of value,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.5 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment driven by $4.1 billion of appreciation in customized and commingled funds; BAAM’s
Principal Solutions Composite up 12.8% gross, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.8 billion in our Credit segment primarily driven by $1.5 billion of gains in Hedge Fund Strategies and BDCs as well as $1.5 billion
of appreciation in our carry funds.    Offsetting these increases were:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $29.5 billion driven by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $11.2 billion in our Credit segment due to capital returned to CLO investors from CLOs that are post their reinvestment periods and realizations
in our carry funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $9.6 billion in our Private Equity segment due to realization activity through public markets, strategic sales and credit markets,
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $8.3 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily due to realizations from various investments across the segment, primarily from our BREP funds
($5.9 billion) and BREDS funds ($1.4 billion).      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $8.4 billion primarily attributable to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.9 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment primarily related to the liquidity needs of limited partners,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.8 billion in our Credit segment primarily from our long-only platform, and  
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   $1.0 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily due to the termination of the investment period of certain BREDS drawdown funds and redemptions
within the debt strategies hedge funds.    Total Assets Under Management were $210.2 billion at
December 31, 2012, an increase of $44.0 billion, or 26%, compared to $166.2 billion at December 31, 2011. The net increase was due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Inflows of $46.6 billion primarily related to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $24.5 billion in our Credit segment resulting from inflows in our hedge funds, the final closing of our most recent mezzanine fund, the first
closing of our most recent rescue lending fund, inflows across our long-only platform and the acquisition of Harbourmaster on January 5, 2012,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $12.6 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by capital committed to BREP VII and $2.3 billion from the Capital Trust transaction in
December 2012,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.3 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due to growth in its customized and commingled investment products, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.2 billion in our Private Equity segment due to the closing on our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles and additional closings on our BEP
fund.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Market appreciation of $15.9 billion due to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.5 billion in our Real Estate segment driven by valuation gains resulting from strong operating fundamentals of Equity Office Properties
($782.1 million), Brixmor ($667.9 million), Hilton ($361.5 million) and General Growth Properties ($305.5 million),      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $4.4 billion in our Private Equity segment due to appreciation of our publicly traded holdings particularly from the appreciation of our
investment in Cheniere and our successful initial public offering of PBF Energy and private investments in the energy, retail/consumer and hospitality/leisure sectors,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.4 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due to solid returns from the BAAM Principal Solutions funds, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.6 billion in our Credit segment due to steady appreciation in our carry funds, hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds across our
long-only platform.    Offsetting these increases were:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Realizations of $12.7 billion driven by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $5.2 billion in our Credit segment due to capital returned to CLO investors from CLOs that were post their reinvestment periods and realizations
in our carry funds,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.9 billion in our Real Estate segment primarily due to $1.5 billion of realizations in our BREP VI fund; $892.5 million in our BREDS
funds; $407.0 million in our BREP V fund and $330.3 million in our BREP VII fund, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.5 billion in our Private Equity segment due to opportunistic realizations in BCP V, particularly Alliant ($534.8 million), SeaWorld
($319.5 million) and PBF ($297.7 million) and in BCP IV, particularly the sales of public holdings in Team Health ($686.9 million) and TDC ($326.0 million).  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Outflows of $5.8 billion primarily attributable to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $3.0 billion in our Hedge Fund Solutions segment due to the same reasons noted in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management above, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $2.4 billion in our Credit segment primarily from our long-only platform and hedge funds.  
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Limited Partner Capital Invested  
 The following presents the limited partner capital invested during the respective periods:  
     


 
      
 
 
 Note: 
 Totals in graph may not add due to rounding.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
    
 2012 vs. 2011 
   
   
 2013 vs. 2012 
   
 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   


 
   Limited Partner 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital Invested 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Private Equity 
    
 $ 
 3,848,954 
    
    
 $ 
 3,223,535 
    
    
 $ 
 2,568,582 
    
    
 $ 
 (625,419 
 )  
   
   
 -16 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (654,953 
 )  
   
   
 -20 
 %  
 
   Real Estate 
    
   
 6,141,416 
    
    
   
 8,218,175 
    
    
   
 9,741,277 
    
    
   
 2,076,759 
    
   
   
 34 
 %  
   
   
 1,523,102 
    
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
   
 889,259 
    
    
   
 200,841 
    
    
   
 431,275 
    
    
   
 (688,418 
 )  
   
   
 -77 
 %  
   
   
 230,434 
    
   
   
 115 
 %  
 
   Credit 
    
   
 2,650,137 
    
    
   
 2,256,420 
    
    
   
 1,438,570 
    
    
   
 (393,717 
 )  
   
   
 -15 
 %  
   
   
 (817,850 
 )  
   
   
 -36 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 13,529,766 
    
    
 $ 
 13,898,971 
    
    
 $ 
 14,179,704 
    
    
 $ 
 369,205 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 280,733 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Limited Partner Capital Invested was $14.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an
increase of $280.7 million, or 2%, from $13.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012. The amount of Limited Partner Capital Invested is a function of finding opportunistic investments that fit our investment philosophy and
strategy in each of our segments as well as the relative size and timing of investment closings within those segments. Our Private Equity segment deployed capital at a slower rate in 2013 than in 2012 as market conditions made it more challenging to
find opportunities that fit within our investment philosophy. We committed capital to new Private Equity investments in 2013 but due to certain conditions to close, these investments are not expected to close until 2014. Our Real Estate segment
deployed capital at a faster rate in 2013 than in 2012. Our Hedge Fund Solutions segment is investing capital based on the relative investment opportunities from the hedge fund manager seeding platform. In our Credit segment, capital deployed for
the year ended December 31, 2013 was lower compared to the year ended December 31, 2012 due to a more challenging investment environment.  
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following presents the committed undrawn capital available for investment (“dry
powder”) as of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011:        


 
      
 
 
 Note: 
 Totals may not add due to rounding. Amounts are as of December 31 of each year.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents illiquid drawdown funds only; excludes marketable vehicles; includes both Fee-Earning (third party) capital and general partner and employee commitments that
do not earn fees. Amounts are reduced by outstanding commitments to invest, but for which capital has not been called.  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net Accrued Performance Fees  
 The following table presents the accrued performance fees, net of performance fee compensation, of the Blackstone Funds as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012. Net accrued performance fees presented do not include clawback amounts, if any, which are disclosed in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Contingent Obligations (Clawback)”
in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Millions) 
   


 
   Private Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BCP IV Carried Interest 
    
 $ 
 424 
    
    
 $ 
 582 
    
 
   BCP V Carried Interest 
    
   
 26 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   BCP VI Carried Interest 
    
   
 108 
    
    
   
 22 
    
 
   BEP Carried Interest 
    
   
 65 
    
    
   
 38 
    
 
   Tactical Opportunities Carried Interest 
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Strategic Partners V Carried Interest 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Private Equity (a) 
    
   
 632 
    
    
   
 644 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Real Estate 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BREP V Carried Interest 
    
   
 603 
    
    
   
 448 
    
 
   BREP VI Carried Interest 
    
   
 1,264 
    
    
   
 610 
    
 
   BREP VII Carried Interest 
    
   
 293 
    
    
   
 82 
    
 
   BREP International I Carried Interest 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   BREP Europe III Carried Interest 
    
   
 155 
    
    
   
 74 
    
 
   BREP Asia Carried Interest 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   BREDS Carried Interest 
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 19 
    
 
   BREDS Incentive Fees 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 7 
    
 
   Asia Platform Incentive Fees 
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 23 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Real Estate (a) 
    
   
 2,347 
    
    
   
 1,265 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 144 
    
    
   
 67 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
   
 144 
    
    
   
 67 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Credit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 173 
    
    
   
 144 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 104 
    
    
   
 118 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Credit 
    
   
 277 
    
    
   
 262 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Blackstone 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 3,138 
    
    
   
 2,023 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 262 
    
    
   
 215 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Accrued Performance Fees 
    
 $ 
 3,400 
    
    
 $ 
 2,238 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Private Equity and Real Estate include Co-Investments.  
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Performance Fee Eligible Assets Under Management  
 The following represents invested and to be invested capital, including closed commitments for funds whose investment period has not yet
commenced, on which performance fees could be earned if certain hurdles are met:        


 
      
 
 
 Note: 
 Totals may not add due to rounding. Amounts are as of December 31.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents invested and to be invested capital at fair value, including closed commitments for funds whose investment period has not yet commenced, on which performance
fees could be earned if certain hurdles are met.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents dry powder exclusive of non-fee earning general partner and employee commitments.  
 Investment Record    Fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund
returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in The
Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.  
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents the investment record of our significant drawdown funds from
inception through December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Unrealized Investments 
   
   
 Realized Investments 
   
   
 Total Investments 
   
   
 Net IRR (c) 
   
 
   Fund (Investment Period) 
   
 Committed Capital 
   
   
 Available Capital (a) 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 % Public 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Where Noted) 
   


 
   Private Equity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   BCP I (Oct 1987 / Oct 1993) 
   
 $ 
 859,081 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,741,738 
    
   
   
 2.6x 
    
   
 $ 
 1,741,738 
    
   
   
 2.6x 
    
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BCP II (Oct 1993 / Aug 1997) 
   
   
 1,361,100 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,256,819 
    
   
   
 2.5x 
    
   
   
 3,256,819 
    
   
   
 2.5x 
    
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
 
   BCP III (Aug 1997 / Nov 2002) 
   
   
 3,967,422 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,184,688 
    
   
   
 2.3x 
    
   
   
 9,184,688 
    
   
   
 2.3x 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   BCOM (Jun 2000 / Jun 2006) 
   
   
 2,137,330 
    
   
   
 199,298 
    
   
   
 225,356 
    
   
   
 1.1x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,619,040 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 2,844,396 
    
   
   
 1.3x 
    
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
 
   BCP IV (Nov 2002 / Dec 2005) 
   
   
 6,773,138 
    
   
   
 234,535 
    
   
   
 4,122,422 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
   
 66 
 %  
   
   
 17,167,004 
    
   
   
 3.1x 
    
   
   
 21,289,426 
    
   
   
 2.8x 
    
   
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
 
   BCP V (Dec 2005 / Jan 2011) 
   
   
 21,024,025 
    
   
   
 1,459,100 
    
   
   
 21,730,495 
    
   
   
 1.6x 
    
   
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 7,982,798 
    
   
   
 1.3x 
    
   
   
 29,713,293 
    
   
   
 1.5x 
    
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
 
   BCP VI (Jan 2011 / Jan 2017) 
   
   
 15,176,699 
    
   
   
 10,440,379 
    
   
   
 5,149,585 
    
   
   
 1.3x 
    
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 467,034 
    
   
   
 1.5x 
    
   
   
 5,616,619 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   BEP (Aug 2011 / Aug 2017) 
   
   
 2,423,572 
    
   
   
 1,462,591 
    
   
   
 1,324,309 
    
   
   
 2.0x 
    
   
   
 59 
 %  
   
   
 218,847 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 1,543,156 
    
   
   
 1.9x 
    
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 55 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Corporate Private Equity 
   
   
 53,722,367 
    
   
   
 13,795,903 
    
   
   
 32,552,167 
    
   
   
 1.6x 
    
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 42,637,968 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
   
 75,190,135 
    
   
   
 1.8x 
    
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
   
   
 4,906,599 
    
   
   
 3,623,819 
    
   
   
 1,419,729 
    
   
   
 1.1x 
    
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 112,200 
    
   
   
 1.1x 
    
   
   
 1,531,929 
    
   
   
 1.1x 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   Strategic Partners 
   
   
 13,078,843 
    
   
   
 3,328,622 
    
   
   
 5,964,811 
    
   
   
 1.6x 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 9,280,114 
    
   
   
 1.3x 
    
   
   
 15,244,925 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   Other Funds and Co-Invest (d) 
   
   
 1,210,951 
    
   
   
 150,858 
    
   
   
 518,118 
    
   
   
 0.6x 
    
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 20,890 
    
   
   
 1.0x 
    
   
   
 539,008 
    
   
   
 0.6x 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Private Equity 
   
 $ 
 72,918,760 
    
   
 $ 
 20,899,202 
    
   
 $ 
 40,454,825 
    
   
   
 1.5x 
    
   
   
 42 
 %  
   
 $ 
 52,051,172 
    
   
   
 1.9x 
    
   
 $ 
 92,505,997 
    
   
   
 1.7x 
    
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Unrealized Investments 
   
   
 Realized Investments 
   
   
 Total Investments 
   
   
 Net IRR (c) 
   
 
   Fund (Investment Period) 
   
 Committed Capital 
   
   
 Available Capital (a) 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 % Public 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 Value 
   
   
 MOIC (b) 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands, Except Where Noted) 
   


 
   Real Estate 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Dollar 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Pre-BREP 
   
 $ 
 140,714 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 345,190 
    
   
   
 2.5x 
    
   
 $ 
 345,190 
    
   
   
 2.5x 
    
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
   BREP I (Sep 1994 / Oct 1996) 
   
   
 380,708 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,327,708 
    
   
   
 2.8x 
    
   
   
 1,327,708 
    
   
   
 2.8x 
    
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
   BREP II (Oct 1996 / Mar 1999) 
   
   
 1,198,339 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,531,613 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
   
 2,531,613 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   BREP III (Apr 1999 / Apr 2003) 
   
   
 1,522,708 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,161 
    
   
   
 0.1x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,325,133 
    
   
   
 2.4x 
    
   
   
 3,327,294 
    
   
   
 2.4x 
    
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
 
   BREP IV (Apr 2003 / Dec 2005) 
   
   
 2,198,694 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,394,262 
    
   
   
 1.0x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,091,303 
    
   
   
 2.4x 
    
   
   
 4,485,565 
    
   
   
 1.6x 
    
   
   
 66 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   BREP V (Dec 2005 / Feb 2007) 
   
   
 5,538,579 
    
   
   
 243,946 
    
   
   
 7,144,648 
    
   
   
 1.8x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,496,273 
    
   
   
 2.0x 
    
   
   
 10,640,921 
    
   
   
 1.8x 
    
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   BREP VI (Feb 2007 / Aug 2011) 
   
   
 11,057,280 
    
   
   
 656,849 
    
   
   
 18,726,900 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
   
 62 
 %  
   
   
 3,562,643 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
   
 22,289,543 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   BREP VII (Aug 2011 / Feb 2017) 
   
   
 14,512,884 
    
   
   
 5,771,958 
    
   
   
 10,775,482 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 1,467,953 
    
   
   
 1.6x 
    
   
   
 12,243,435 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Global Real Estate Funds 
   
 $ 
 36,549,906 
    
   
 $ 
 6,672,753 
    
   
 $ 
 38,043,453 
    
   
   
 1.7x 
    
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
 $ 
 19,147,816 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
 $ 
 57,191,269 
    
   
   
 1.8x 
    
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Euro 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   BREP Int’l (Jan 2001 / Sep 2005) 
   
 € 
 824,172 
    
   
 € 
 —   
    
   
 € 
 104,405 
    
   
   
 1.2x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 € 
 1,235,480 
    
   
   
 2.2x 
    
   
 € 
 1,339,885 
    
   
   
 2.0x 
    
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   BREP Int’l II (Sep 2005 / Jun 2008) 
   
   
 1,627,954 
    
   
   
 80,188 
    
   
   
 1,464,376 
    
   
   
 1.2x 
    
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 198,004 
    
   
   
 1.2x 
    
   
   
 1,662,380 
    
   
   
 1.2x 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe III (Jun 2008 / Dec 2013) 
   
   
 3,203,848 
    
   
   
 633,457 
    
   
   
 3,590,801 
    
   
   
 1.5x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 491,882 
    
   
   
 1.8x 
    
   
   
 4,082,683 
    
   
   
 1.5x 
    
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe IV (Sep 2013 / Mar 2019) 
   
   
 4,138,214 
    
   
   
 3,699,039 
    
   
   
 482,005 
    
   
   
 1.0x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 482,005 
    
   
   
 1.0x 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Euro Real Estate Funds 
   
 € 
 9,794,188 
    
   
 € 
 4,412,684 
    
   
 € 
 5,641,587 
    
   
   
 1.3x 
    
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
 € 
 1,925,366 
    
   
   
 1.9x 
    
   
 € 
 7,566,953 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BREP Co-Investment (e) 
   
 $ 
 5,160,385 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 8,424,422 
    
   
   
 1.8x 
    
   
   
 69 
 %  
   
 $ 
 700,979 
    
   
   
 1.5x 
    
   
 $ 
 9,125,401 
    
   
   
 1.8x 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   BREP Asia (Jun 2013 / Dec 2017) 
   
   
 3,247,727 
    
   
   
 2,695,256 
    
   
   
 669,067 
    
   
   
 1.1x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 669,067 
    
   
   
 1.1x 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 56 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Real Estate 
   
 $ 
 57,682,409 
    
   
 $ 
 15,432,082 
    
   
 $ 
 54,719,266 
    
   
   
 1.6x 
    
   
   
 34 
 %  
   
 $ 
 22,319,606 
    
   
   
 2.1x 
    
   
 $ 
 77,038,872 
    
   
   
 1.8x 
    
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BREDS I 
   
 $ 
 2,840,704 
    
   
 $ 
 452,965 
    
   
 $ 
 1,759,288 
    
   
   
 1.2x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 2,346,502 
    
   
   
 1.3x 
    
   
 $ 
 4,105,790 
    
   
   
 1.2x 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BREDS II 
   
   
 3,334,676 
    
   
   
 2,247,733 
    
   
   
 1,132,398 
    
   
   
 1.0x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 1,132,398 
    
   
   
 1.0x 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total BREDS (f) 
   
 $ 
 6,175,380 
    
   
 $ 
 2,700,698 
    
   
 $ 
 2,891,686 
    
   
   
 1.1x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 2,346,502 
    
   
   
 1.3x 
    
   
 $ 
 5,238,188 
    
   
   
 1.2x 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Credit (g) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mezzanine 
   
 $ 
 6,120,000 
    
   
 $ 
 3,047,070 
    
   
 $ 
 3,061,806 
    
   
   
 1.3x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 3,959,095 
    
   
   
 1.6x 
    
   
 $ 
 7,020,901 
    
   
   
 1.5x 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   Rescue Lending 
   
   
 8,378,143 
    
   
   
 5,313,337 
    
   
   
 4,249,064 
    
   
   
 1.5x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,687,866 
    
   
   
 1.2x 
    
   
   
 5,936,930 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Credit 
   
 $ 
 14,498,143 
    
   
 $ 
 8,360,407 
    
   
 $ 
 7,310,870 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,646,961 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
 $ 
 12,957,831 
    
   
   
 1.4x 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

      N/M Not meaningful.    N/A Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Available Capital represents total investable capital commitments, including side-by-side, adjusted for certain expenses and expired or recallable capital, less
invested capital. This amount is not reduced by outstanding commitments to investments.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Multiple of Invested Capital (“MOIC”) represents carrying value, before management fees, expenses and Carried Interest, divided by invested capital.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 Net Internal Rate of Return (“IRR”) represents the annualized inception to December 31, 2013 IRR on total invested capital based on realized proceeds and
unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and Carried Interest. Net IRRs for BREP Europe IV, BREP Asia and BREDS II are calculated from commencement of their respective investment periods which, being less than one year, are
not annualized.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Returns for Other Funds and Co-Invest are not meaningful as these funds have no or little realizations.  
 
 
 (e) 
 BREP Co-Investment represents co-investment capital raised for various BREP investments. The Net IRR reflected is calculated by aggregating each co-investment’s
realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and Carried Interest.  
 
 
 (f) 
 Excludes Capital Trust drawdown funds.  
 
 
 (g) 
 The Total Investments MOIC for Mezzanine and Rescue Lending Funds, excluding recycled capital during the investment period, was 1.9x and 1.5x, respectively.
   Segment Analysis    Discussed below is our EI for each of our segments. This information is reflected in the manner utilized by our senior management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources.
References to “our” sectors or investments may also refer to portfolio companies and investments of the underlying funds that we manage.    For segment reporting purposes, revenues and expenses are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage. As a result, segment revenues are greater than those presented on a
consolidated GAAP basis because fund management fees recognized in certain segments are received from the Blackstone Funds and eliminated in consolidation when presented on a consolidated GAAP basis. Furthermore, segment expenses are lower than
related amounts presented on a consolidated GAAP basis due to the exclusion of fund expenses that are paid by Limited Partners and the elimination of non-controlling interests.  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Private Equity    The following table presents the results of operations for our Private Equity segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2013 vs. 2012 
   
   
 2012 vs. 2011 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 368,146 
    
   
 $ 
 348,594 
    
   
 $ 
 331,997 
    
   
 $ 
 19,552 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 16,597 
    
   
   
 5 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 96,988 
    
   
   
 100,080 
    
   
   
 133,004 
    
   
   
 (3,092 
 )  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 (32,924 
 )  
   
   
 -25 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (5,683 
 )  
   
   
 (5,926 
 )  
   
   
 (27,073 
 )  
   
   
 243 
    
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 21,147 
    
   
   
 78 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 459,451 
    
   
   
 442,748 
    
   
   
 437,928 
    
   
   
 16,703 
    
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 4,820 
    
   
   
 1 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 329,993 
    
   
   
 109,797 
    
   
   
 37,393 
    
   
   
 220,196 
    
   
   
 201 
 %  
   
   
 72,404 
    
   
   
 194 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 398,232 
    
   
   
 148,381 
    
   
   
 33,490 
    
   
   
 249,851 
    
   
   
 168 
 %  
   
   
 114,891 
    
   
   
 343 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 728,225 
    
   
   
 258,178 
    
   
   
 70,883 
    
   
   
 470,047 
    
   
   
 182 
 %  
   
   
 187,295 
    
   
   
 264 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 88,026 
    
   
   
 25,823 
    
   
   
 44,988 
    
   
   
 62,203 
    
   
   
 241 
 %  
   
   
 (19,165 
 )  
   
   
 -43 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 161,749 
    
   
   
 85,337 
    
   
   
 9,476 
    
   
   
 76,412 
    
   
   
 90 
 %  
   
   
 75,861 
    
   
   
 801 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 249,775 
    
   
   
 111,160 
    
   
   
 54,464 
    
   
   
 138,615 
    
   
   
 125 
 %  
   
   
 56,696 
    
   
   
 104 
 %  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 15,602 
    
   
   
 13,556 
    
   
   
 13,749 
    
   
   
 2,046 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 (193 
 )  
   
   
 -1 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 4,259 
    
   
   
 2,417 
    
   
   
 1,810 
    
   
   
 1,842 
    
   
   
 76 
 %  
   
   
 607 
    
   
   
 34 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 1,457,312 
    
   
   
 828,059 
    
   
   
 578,834 
    
   
   
 629,253 
    
   
   
 76 
 %  
   
   
 249,225 
    
   
   
 43 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 236,120 
    
   
   
 222,709 
    
   
   
 217,556 
    
   
   
 13,411 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 5,153 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 38,953 
    
   
   
 3,679 
    
   
   
 1,465 
    
   
   
 35,274 
    
   
   
 959 
 %  
   
   
 2,214 
    
   
   
 151 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 342,733 
    
   
   
 58,555 
    
   
   
 (2,229 
 )  
   
   
 284,178 
    
   
   
 485 
 %  
   
   
 60,784 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 617,806 
    
   
   
 284,943 
    
   
   
 216,792 
    
   
   
 332,863 
    
   
   
 117 
 %  
   
   
 68,151 
    
   
   
 31 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 124,137 
    
   
   
 130,845 
    
   
   
 120,918 
    
   
   
 (6,708 
 )  
   
   
 -5 
 %  
   
   
 9,927 
    
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 741,943 
    
   
   
 415,788 
    
   
   
 337,710 
    
   
   
 326,155 
    
   
   
 78 
 %  
   
   
 78,078 
    
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 715,369 
    
   
 $ 
 412,271 
    
   
 $ 
 241,124 
    
   
 $ 
 303,098 
    
   
   
 74 
 %  
   
 $ 
 171,147 
    
   
   
 71 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.    Revenues
   Revenues were $1.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $629.3 million compared to
$828.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in revenues was attributable to increases in Performance Fees, Investment Income and Total Management Fees of $470.0 million, $138.6 million and
$16.7 million, respectively.  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Performance Fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $728.2 million for
the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $470.0 million, compared to $258.2 million for the year ended December 31,  
 2012, principally due to performance in our BCP IV, BEP and BCP VI funds, which had net returns of 23%, 36% and 12%, respectively. A significant portion
of the performance fees were realized, with activity that included secondary sales from our publicly traded portfolio in TRW, Team Health, Merlin Entertainments, TDC and Kosmos and strategic dispositions of certain portfolio companies including
Vanguard Healthcare, Alta Energy and Knight Capital.    Investment Income was $249.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013, an increase of $138.6 million, compared to $111.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, driven by returns across all of our significant funds. The portfolio benefited from strong performance of our
public holdings through the year, including the successful initial public offerings of Pinnacle Foods, SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment, Merlin Entertainments and Hilton, while our private portfolio benefited from investments in the
healthcare, industrial and retail/consumer sectors.    Total Management Fees were $459.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013, an increase of $16.7 million compared to $442.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, driven primarily by an increase in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $368.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $19.6 million compared to $348.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, primarily due to the increase in the funds raised for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles as well
as the addition of the Strategic Partners secondary private fund of funds business.    Revenues were $828.1 million for the
year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $249.2 million compared to $578.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase in revenues was primarily attributed to increases in Performance Fees, Investment Income
and Total Management Fees of $187.3 million, $56.7 million and $4.8 million, respectively.    Performance Fees,
which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $258.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $187.3 million, compared to $70.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, principally due to our
performance fee generating funds achieving net returns for the full year that were greater than the returns generated in the prior year. These larger returns were mostly generated from investments in the energy sector as well as from our publicly
traded investments, specifically Cheniere, TRW and Team Health.    Investment Income was $111.2 million, an increase of
$56.7 million, compared to $54.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, driven by our investments in the energy, hospitality/leisure and retail/consumer industries as well as our public holdings.  
 Total Management Fees were $442.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $4.8 million compared to
$437.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, driven by increased Base Management Fees and a reduction in Management Fee Offsets, and a decrease in Transaction and Other Fees. Base Management Fees were $348.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $16.6 million compared to $332.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, principally as a result of additional capital raised for our BEP fund as well as the commencement of the
investment period for our Tactical Opportunities investment vehicles. Transaction and Other Fees were $100.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $32.9 million compared to $133.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2011, principally as a result of one time fees earned in the prior year from the termination of management advisory service agreements related to portfolio companies that completed initial public offerings. Management Fee Offsets
relate to a reduction of management fees payable by our limited partners in BCP VI based on the amount they reimbursed Blackstone for placement fees.  
      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Expenses    Expenses were $741.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $326.2 million, compared to $415.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was
primarily attributable to increases of $319.5 million in Performance Fee Compensation and $13.4 million in Compensation. Performance Fee Compensation increased as a result of the increase in Performance Fees Revenue. Compensation increased
primarily due to the addition of the Strategic Partners secondary private fund of funds business and the growth of our Tactical Opportunities business.    Expenses were $415.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $78.1 million, compared to $337.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. The
$78.1 million increase was primarily attributed to a $63.0 million increase in Performance Fee Compensation, $5.2 million increase in Compensation and $9.9 million increase in Other Operating Expenses. The increase in Performance
Fee Compensation was driven by the increase in Performance Fees Revenue. Compensation increased as a portion of it is related to the segment’s results, exclusive of Performance Fees and Investment Income, as well as compensation related to
business growth. The increase in Other Operating Expenses of $9.9 million was primarily due to increases in interest expense and other expenses allocated to the segment.    Fund Returns    Fund returns information for our significant funds is
included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial
performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any
of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.    The following table presents the internal
rates of return of our significant private equity funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 Inception to Date 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 (a) 
   
   
 2011 (a) 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Fund (b) 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BCP IV 
    
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 60 
 %  
   
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
 
   BCP V 
    
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
 
   BCP VI (c) 
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   BEP (c) 
    
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 62 
 %  
   
   
 90 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 54 
 %  
   
   
 55 
 %  
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
    
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.        N/M Not
meaningful.    N/A Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Changes in previous period returns are due to the repayment of fund level financing with capital drawn down from the respective fund’s general and limited
partners.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and Carried Interest allocations.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 2011 returns for BCP VI and BEP are not meaningful as a material portion of the funds’ capital had not been invested.  
 The corporate private equity funds within the Private Equity segment have three contributed funds with closed investment periods:
BCP IV, BCP V and BCOM. As of December 31, 2013, BCP IV was above its Carried Interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive Carried Interest) and would
still be above its Carried Interest threshold even if all remaining  
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
investments were valued at zero. BCP V is comprised of two fund classes based on the timings of fund closings, the BCP V “main fund” and BCP V-AC fund. Within these fund classes, the
general partner (“GP”) is subject to equalization such that (a) the GP accrues Carried Interest when the total Carried Interest for the combined fund classes is positive and (b) the GP realizes Carried Interest so long as
clawback obligations, if any, for the combined fund classes are fully satisfied. BCOM is currently above its Carried Interest threshold and has generated inception to date positive returns. We are entitled to retain previously realized Carried
Interest up to 20% of BCOM’s net gains. As a result, Performance Fees are recognized from BCOM on current period gains and losses.    The following table presents the Carried Interest status of our private equity funds out of their investment period which are currently not generating performance fees as of December 31, 2013:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gain to Cross Carried Interest Threshold (a) 
   
 
   Funds out of the Investment Period 
    
 Amount 
   
   
 % Change in Total Enterprise Value (b) 
   
   
 % Change in Equity Value 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Millions) 
   


 
   BCP V (Dec 2005 / Jan 2011) (c) 
    
 $ 
 1,596 
    
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
   BCP V-AC (c) 
    
   
 (344 
 )  
   
   
 -9 
 %  
   
   
 -16 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The general partner of each fund is allocated Carried Interest when the annualized returns, net of management fees and expenses, exceed the preferred return as dictated
by the fund agreements. The preferred return is calculated for each limited partner individually. The Gain to Cross Carried Interest Threshold represents the increase in equity at the fund level (excluding our side-by-side investments) that is
required for the general partner to begin accruing Carried Interest, assuming the gain is earned pro rata across the fund’s investments and is achieved at the reporting date.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Total Enterprise Value is the respective fund’s pro rata ownership of the portfolio companies’ Enterprise Value at the reporting date.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 The BCP V main fund is currently below its Carried Interest threshold while the BCP V-AC fund is above its Carried Interest threshold. BCP V’s two fund classes, in
total, are accruing Carried Interest.  
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Real Estate    The following table presents the results of operations for our Real Estate segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2013 vs. 2012 
   
   
 2012 vs. 2011 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 565,182 
    
   
 $ 
 551,322 
    
   
 $ 
 394,778 
    
   
 $ 
 13,860 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 156,544 
    
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 79,675 
    
   
   
 85,681 
    
   
   
 109,510 
    
   
   
 (6,006 
 )  
   
   
 -7 
 %  
   
   
 (23,829 
 )  
   
   
 -22 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (22,821 
 )  
   
   
 (28,609 
 )  
   
   
 (4,950 
 )  
   
   
 5,788 
    
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 (23,659 
 )  
   
   
 -478 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 622,036 
    
   
   
 608,394 
    
   
   
 499,338 
    
   
   
 13,642 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 109,056 
    
   
   
 22 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 486,773 
    
   
   
 165,114 
    
   
   
 22,844 
    
   
   
 321,659 
    
   
   
 195 
 %  
   
   
 142,270 
    
   
   
 623 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 45,862 
    
   
   
 25,656 
    
   
   
 9,629 
    
   
   
 20,206 
    
   
   
 79 
 %  
   
   
 16,027 
    
   
   
 166 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 1,651,700 
    
   
   
 683,764 
    
   
   
 913,418 
    
   
   
 967,936 
    
   
   
 142 
 %  
   
   
 (229,654 
 )  
   
   
 -25 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (28,753 
 )  
   
   
 (119 
 )  
   
   
 3,658 
    
   
   
 (28,634 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (3,777 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 2,155,582 
    
   
   
 874,415 
    
   
   
 949,549 
    
   
   
 1,281,167 
    
   
   
 147 
 %  
   
   
 (75,134 
 )  
   
   
 -8 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 52,359 
    
   
   
 45,302 
    
   
   
 27,972 
    
   
   
 7,057 
    
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 17,330 
    
   
   
 62 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 350,201 
    
   
   
 90,875 
    
   
   
 92,648 
    
   
   
 259,326 
    
   
   
 285 
 %  
   
   
 (1,773 
 )  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 402,560 
    
   
   
 136,177 
    
   
   
 120,620 
    
   
   
 266,383 
    
   
   
 196 
 %  
   
   
 15,557 
    
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 21,563 
    
   
   
 14,448 
    
   
   
 12,902 
    
   
   
 7,115 
    
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 1,546 
    
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 3,384 
    
   
   
 894 
    
   
   
 (1,061 
 )  
   
   
 2,490 
    
   
   
 279 
 %  
   
   
 1,955 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 3,205,125 
    
   
   
 1,634,328 
    
   
   
 1,581,348 
    
   
   
 1,570,797 
    
   
   
 96 
 %  
   
   
 52,980 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 294,222 
    
   
   
 271,122 
    
   
   
 236,771 
    
   
   
 23,100 
    
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 34,351 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 148,837 
    
   
   
 62,418 
    
   
   
 10,103 
    
   
   
 86,419 
    
   
   
 138 
 %  
   
   
 52,315 
    
   
   
 518 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 23,878 
    
   
   
 13,060 
    
   
   
 4,564 
    
   
   
 10,818 
    
   
   
 83 
 %  
   
   
 8,496 
    
   
   
 186 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 566,837 
    
   
   
 165,482 
    
   
   
 221,140 
    
   
   
 401,355 
    
   
   
 243 
 %  
   
   
 (55,658 
 )  
   
   
 -25 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 (15,015 
 )  
   
   
 (583 
 )  
   
   
 3,106 
    
   
   
 (14,432 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (3,689 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 1,018,759 
    
   
   
 511,499 
    
   
   
 475,684 
    
   
   
 507,260 
    
   
   
 99 
 %  
   
   
 35,815 
    
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 116,391 
    
   
   
 123,714 
    
   
   
 103,859 
    
   
   
 (7,323 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
   
   
 19,855 
    
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 1,135,150 
    
   
   
 635,213 
    
   
   
 579,543 
    
   
   
 499,937 
    
   
   
 79 
 %  
   
   
 55,670 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 2,069,975 
    
   
 $ 
 999,115 
    
   
 $ 
 1,001,805 
    
   
 $ 
 1,070,860 
    
   
   
 107 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (2,690 
 )  
   
   
 -0 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.    Revenues
   Revenues were $3.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $1.6 billion compared to
$1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to an increase of $1.3 billion in Performance Fees and a $266.4 million increase in Investment Income.  
 Performance Fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $2.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an
increase of $1.3 billion compared to $874.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. Performance Fees increased due to the strong performance of our BREP carry funds and were primarily
 
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
driven by valuation gains on investments within our BREP VI and BREP VII funds. The valuation gains were driven by the successful initial public offerings of Hilton, Extended Stay and Brixmor as
well as gains resulting from improving fundamentals of Equity Office and Invitation Homes. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the carrying value of assets for Blackstone’s contributed Real Estate funds, including fee-paying
co-investments, increased 31.3%. Our BREDS drawdown and real estate hedge funds appreciated 10.4% and 15.6%, respectively.  
 Investment Income was $402.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $266.4 million compared to
$136.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in Investment Income was primarily driven by the year over year net increase in the appreciation of investments across our global Real Estate funds.  
 Revenues improved $53.0 million to $1.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in revenues was
primarily attributed to an increase of $109.1 million in Total Management Fees and an increase of $15.6 million in Investment Income, partially offset by a decrease of $75.1 million in Performance Fees.  
 Total Management Fees were $608.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $109.1 million compared to
$499.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. Base Management Fees were $551.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $156.5 million compared to $394.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2011, primarily related to fees generated from the final closing of additional commitments for BREP VII. Transaction and Other Fees were $85.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of
$23.8 million compared to $109.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, which was primarily related to a decrease in the acquisition fee rate charge on completed transactions.  
 Investment Income was $136.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $15.6 million compared to
$120.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase was primarily driven by the year over year net increase in the appreciation of investments across our global Real Estate funds.  
 Performance Fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $874.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, a
decrease of $75.1 million compared to $949.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. Performance Fees continued to benefit from the strong performance of our BREP carry funds. However, the year over year comparison was impacted
by a decrease in the net appreciation of our BREP V and BREP VI carry funds’ investments and the effect of the “catch-up” provision in the prior year. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the carrying value of assets
for Blackstone’s contributed Real Estate funds, including fee-paying co-investments, increased 14.4% driven by the continued improvement of operating fundamentals, particularly in our hospitality, office and retail holdings. Our BREDS drawdown
and real estate hedge funds appreciated 13.0% and 18.1%, respectively.    Expenses  
 Expenses were $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $499.9 million, compared to
$635.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of Performance Fee Compensation of $484.2 million as a result of an increase in Performance Fees Revenue and an increase in
Compensation of $23.1 million primarily due to the acquisition of BXMT and the growth of our real estate business.  
 Expenses were $635.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $55.7 million, compared to
$579.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase was primarily attributed to a $34.4 million increase in Compensation and a $19.9 million increase in Other Operating Expenses. Compensation rose $34.4 million
to $271.1 million primarily due to headcount increases and the improved results of the segment, exclusive of Performance Fees and Investment Income. Other Operating Expenses increased $19.9 million to $123.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012, principally due to increases in interest expense and other expenses allocated to the segment.  
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fund Returns    Fund return information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund
returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in The
Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.  
 The following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant real estate funds:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 Inception to Date 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 Realized 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Fund (a) 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BREP International (b) 
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 44 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   BREP IV 
    
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 98 
 %  
   
   
 66 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   BREP V 
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   BREP International II (b) 
    
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
 
   BREP VI 
    
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe III (b) 
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 42 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   BREP VII (c) 
    
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 51 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 44 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
 
   BREP Asia 
    
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 104 
 %  
   
   
 56 
 %  
 
   BREP Europe IV 
    
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
   BREDS 
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BSSF I 
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
 
   CMBS 
    
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 -1 
 %  
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   BREP Co-Investment (d) 
    
   
 43 
 %  
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.        N/M Not
meaningful.    N/A Not applicable.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance fee allocations.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 Euro-based net internal rates of return.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The BREP VII investment period commenced in August 2011.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Excludes fully realized co-investments prior to Blackstone’s initial public offering.  
 The following table presents the Carried Interest status of our real estate carry funds with expired investment periods which are
currently not generating performance fees as of December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gain to Cross Carried Interest Threshold (a) 
   
 
   Fully Invested Funds 
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % Change in Total Enterprise Value (b) 
   
   
 % Change in Equity Value 
   
 
   
    
 (Amounts in Millions) 
   


 
   BREP Int’l II (Sep 2005 / Jun 2008) 
    
 € 
 880 
    
    
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 65 
 %  
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The general partner of each fund is allocated Carried Interest when the annualized returns, net of management fees and expenses, exceed the preferred return as dictated
by the fund agreements. The preferred return is calculated for each limited partner individually. The Gain to Cross Carried Interest Threshold represents the increase in equity at the fund level (excluding our side-by-side investments) that is
required for the general partner to begin accruing Carried Interest, assuming the gain is earned pro rata across the fund’s investments and is achieved at the reporting date.  
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (b) 
 Total Enterprise Value is the respective fund’s pro rata ownership of the privately held portfolio companies’ Enterprise Value.  
 The Real Estate segment has five funds in their investment period, which were above their respective Carried Interest thresholds as of
December 31, 2013: BREP VII, BREP Asia, BREDS II and two funds within BREDS I.    Hedge Fund Solutions  
 The following table presents the results of operations for our Hedge Fund Solutions segment:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2013 vs. 2012 
   
   
 2012 vs. 2011 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 409,321 
    
   
 $ 
 346,210 
    
   
 $ 
 315,863 
    
   
 $ 
 63,111 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
 $ 
 30,347 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 623 
    
   
   
 188 
    
   
   
 2,798 
    
   
   
 435 
    
   
   
 231 
 %  
   
   
 (2,610 
 )  
   
   
 -93 
 %  
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
    
   
 (3,387 
 )  
   
   
 (1,414 
 )  
   
   
 (980 
 )  
   
   
 (1,973 
 )  
   
   
 -140 
 %  
   
   
 (434 
 )  
   
   
 -44 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
    
   
 406,557 
    
   
   
 344,984 
    
   
   
 317,681 
    
   
   
 61,573 
    
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 27,303 
    
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 207,735 
    
   
   
 83,433 
    
   
   
 11,472 
    
   
   
 124,302 
    
   
   
 149 
 %  
   
   
 71,961 
    
   
   
 627 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 7,718 
    
   
   
 9,042 
    
   
   
 774 
    
   
   
 (1,324 
 )  
   
   
 -15 
 %  
   
   
 8,268 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
    
   
 215,453 
    
   
   
 92,475 
    
   
   
 12,246 
    
   
   
 122,978 
    
   
   
 133 
 %  
   
   
 80,229 
    
   
   
 655 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 27,613 
    
   
   
 7,270 
    
   
   
 17,722 
    
   
   
 20,343 
    
   
   
 280 
 %  
   
   
 (10,452 
 )  
   
   
 -59 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 (9,306 
 )  
   
   
 8,517 
    
   
   
 (19,031 
 )  
   
   
 (17,823 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 27,548 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
    
   
 18,307 
    
   
   
 15,787 
    
   
   
 (1,309 
 )  
   
   
 2,520 
    
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 17,096 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 7,605 
    
   
   
 2,139 
    
   
   
 2,025 
    
   
   
 5,466 
    
   
   
 256 
 %  
   
   
 114 
    
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   Other 
    
   
 688 
    
   
   
 3,816 
    
   
   
 7,902 
    
   
   
 (3,128 
 )  
   
   
 -82 
 %  
   
   
 (4,086 
 )  
   
   
 -52 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 648,610 
    
   
   
 459,201 
    
   
   
 338,545 
    
   
   
 189,409 
    
   
   
 41 
 %  
   
   
 120,656 
    
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 136,470 
    
   
   
 119,731 
    
   
   
 128,959 
    
   
   
 16,739 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 (9,228 
 )  
   
   
 -7 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 65,793 
    
   
   
 23,080 
    
   
   
 3,498 
    
   
   
 42,713 
    
   
   
 185 
 %  
   
   
 19,582 
    
   
   
 560 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 2,856 
    
   
   
 1,317 
    
   
   
 234 
    
   
   
 1,539 
    
   
   
 117 
 %  
   
   
 1,083 
    
   
   
 463 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 205,119 
    
   
   
 144,128 
    
   
   
 132,691 
    
   
   
 60,991 
    
   
   
 42 
 %  
   
   
 11,437 
    
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 66,966 
    
   
   
 57,809 
    
   
   
 65,072 
    
   
   
 9,157 
    
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 (7,263 
 )  
   
   
 -11 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 272,085 
    
   
   
 201,937 
    
   
   
 197,763 
    
   
   
 70,148 
    
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 4,174 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 376,525 
    
   
 $ 
 257,264 
    
   
 $ 
 140,782 
    
   
 $ 
 119,261 
    
   
   
 46 
 %  
   
 $ 
 116,482 
    
   
   
 83 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.    Revenues
   Revenues were $648.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $189.4 million compared
to $459.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to an increase of $123.0 million in Performance Fees and an increase of $61.6 million in Total Management Fees.
 
      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Performance Fees were $215.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an
increase of $123.0 million compared to $92.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This was primarily due to an increase in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management above their respective high water marks and/or hurdle, and
therefore eligible for performance fees. The net returns of the underlying assets within BAAM’s Principal Solutions Composite funds were 11.4% during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
 Total Management Fees were $406.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $61.6 million compared to
$345.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, primarily due to an increase in Base Management Fees. Base Management Fees were $409.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $63.1 million compared
to $346.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This was driven by an increase in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management of 22% from the prior year, which was from net inflows and market appreciation.  
 Revenues were $459.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $120.7 million compared to
$338.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to an increase of $80.2 million in Performance Fees to $92.5 million, an increase of $27.3 million in Total Management
Fees to $345.0 million and an increase of $17.1 million in Investment Income (Loss) to $15.8 million.  
 Performance Fees were $92.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $80.2 million compared to
$12.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, primarily due to higher returns. The net returns of the underlying assets within BAAM’s Principal Solutions Composite funds were 8.6% during the year ended December 31, 2012.
Fee-Earning Assets Under Management related to funds of funds above their respective high-water marks and/or hurdle, and therefore eligible for Performance Fees, increased during the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2011. This increase was a result of the better performance of the underlying assets of the segment.    Total
Management Fees were $345.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $27.3 million compared to $317.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. Base Management Fees were $346.2 million for the
year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $30.3 million compared to the prior year period, driven by an increase in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management of 15% from the prior year period, which was primarily from net inflows.  
 Investment Income (Loss) was $15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $17.1 million compared to
$(1.3) million for the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase in Investment Income (Loss) was primarily driven by the year over year increase in the net appreciation of investments of which Blackstone owns a share.  
 Expenses  
 Expenses were $272.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $70.1 million compared to the year ended
December 31, 2012. The increase was attributable to a $44.3 million increase in Performance Fee Compensation, a $16.7 million increase in Compensation and a $9.2 million increase in Other Operating Expenses. Performance Fee
Compensation was $68.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $44.3 million compared to $24.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 due to the increase in Performance Fees Revenue. Compensation
was $136.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $16.7 million compared to $119.7 million for the prior year, as a portion of it was related to the segment’s results, exclusive of Performance Fees and
Investment Income. Other Operating Expenses were $67.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $9.2 million compared to $57.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, primarily resulting from an
increase in interest expense allocated to the segment.  
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Expenses were $201.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of
$4.2 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. The $4.2 million increase was primarily attributed to a $20.7 million increase in Performance Fee Compensation, partially offset by decreases in Compensation and Other
Operating Expenses of $9.2 million and $7.3 million, respectively. Performance Fee Compensation was $24.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to $3.7 million for the prior year, primarily due to the
increase in Performance Fees Revenue described above. Compensation was $119.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $9.2 million, compared to $129.0 million for the prior year, primarily driven by the exit
of our Asian mutual fund business. Other Operating Expenses decreased $7.3 million to $57.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, compared to $65.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, primarily due to a
decrease in limited partner placement fees that corresponds to a reduction in related commitments.    Operating Metrics
   The following table presents information regarding our Incentive Fee-Earning Assets Under Management:  
     


 
      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fee-Earning Assets Under Management
Eligible for Incentive Fees 
   
    
 Estimated % Above High Water Mark and/or Hurdle (a) 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2011 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   BAAM Managed Funds (b) 
    
 $ 
 20,568,234 
    
    
 $ 
 23,790,415 
    
    
 $ 
 28,640,505 
    
    
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 78 
 %  
   
   
 97 
 %  
     
 
 
 Note: 
 Totals in graph may not add due to rounding.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Estimated % Above High Water Mark and/or Hurdle represents the percentage of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management Eligible for Incentive Fees that as of the dates
presented would earn incentive fees when the applicable BAAM managed fund has positive investment performance (relative to a hurdle, where applicable). Incremental positive performance in the applicable Blackstone Funds may cause additional assets
to reach their respective High Water Mark and/or Hurdle, thereby resulting in an increase in Estimated % Above High Water Mark and/or Hurdle.  
 
 
 (b) 
 For the BAAM managed funds, at December 31, 2013 the incremental appreciation needed for the 3% of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management below their respective High
Water Marks and/or Hurdle to reach their respective High Water Marks and/or Hurdle was $54.2 million, a decrease of $213.4 million, or 79.7%, compared to $267.6 million at December 31, 2012. Of the Fee-Earning Assets Under
Management below their respective High Water Marks and/or Hurdle as of December 31, 2013, 30% were within 5% of reaching their respective High Water Mark and/or Hurdle.  
      113
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Composite Returns  
 Composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of
operations for the periods presented. The composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future
results of any particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites
will achieve similar returns.    The following table presents the return information of the BAAM Managed Funds, BAAM Principal
Solutions Composite:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Average Annual Returns (a) 
   
 
   
    
 Periods Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 One Year 
   
   
 Three Year 
   
   
 Five Year 
   
   
 Historical 
   
 
   Composite 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   BAAM Managed Funds, BAAM Principal Solutions Composite (b) 
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   The returns presented represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group L.P.
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Composite returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of Blackstone Funds.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 BAAM’s Principal Solutions Composite, formerly known as BAAM’s Core Funds Composite, covers the period from January 2000 to present, although BAAM’s
inception date is September 1990. BAAM’s Principal Solutions Composite does not include BAAM’s long-only equity, long-biased commodities, seed, strategic opportunities (external investments) and advisory platforms.
 
      114
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Credit    The following table presents the results of operations for our Credit segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2013 vs. 2012 
   
   
 2012 vs. 2011 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management Fees, Net 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
   
 $ 
 398,158 
    
   
 $ 
 345,277 
    
   
 $ 
 238,547 
    
   
 $ 
 52,881 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
 $ 
 106,730 
    
   
   
 45 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
   
   
 28,586 
    
   
   
 40,875 
    
   
   
 1,880 
    
   
   
 (12,289 
 )  
   
   
 -30 
 %  
   
   
 38,995 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
   
   
 (40,329 
 )  
   
   
 (5,004 
 )  
   
   
 (390 
 )  
   
   
 (35,325 
 )  
   
   
 -706 
 %  
   
   
 (4,614 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management Fees, Net 
   
   
 386,415 
    
   
   
 381,148 
    
   
   
 240,037 
    
   
   
 5,267 
    
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 141,111 
    
   
   
 59 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 127,192 
    
   
   
 52,511 
    
   
   
 78,670 
    
   
   
 74,681 
    
   
   
 142 
 %  
   
   
 (26,159 
 )  
   
   
 -33 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 220,736 
    
   
   
 192,375 
    
   
   
 67,928 
    
   
   
 28,361 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 124,447 
    
   
   
 183 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 108,078 
    
   
   
 162,045 
    
   
   
 24,610 
    
   
   
 (53,967 
 )  
   
   
 -33 
 %  
   
   
 137,435 
    
   
   
 558 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 1,107 
    
   
   
 (38,234 
 )  
   
   
 (29,360 
 )  
   
   
 39,341 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (8,874 
 )  
   
   
 -30 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
   
   
 457,113 
    
   
   
 368,697 
    
   
   
 141,848 
    
   
   
 88,416 
    
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 226,849 
    
   
   
 160 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
   
 4,098 
    
   
   
 15,611 
    
   
   
 11,299 
    
   
   
 (11,513 
 )  
   
   
 -74 
 %  
   
   
 4,312 
    
   
   
 38 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
   
 13,951 
    
   
   
 4,769 
    
   
   
 (708 
 )  
   
   
 9,182 
    
   
   
 193 
 %  
   
   
 5,477 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
   
   
 18,049 
    
   
   
 20,380 
    
   
   
 10,591 
    
   
   
 (2,331 
 )  
   
   
 -11 
 %  
   
   
 9,789 
    
   
   
 92 
 %  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
   
   
 18,146 
    
   
   
 9,330 
    
   
   
 3,369 
    
   
   
 8,816 
    
   
   
 94 
 %  
   
   
 5,961 
    
   
   
 177 
 %  
 
   Other 
   
   
 527 
    
   
   
 (1,174 
 )  
   
   
 (853 
 )  
   
   
 1,701 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (321 
 )  
   
   
 -38 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
   
   
 880,250 
    
   
   
 778,381 
    
   
   
 394,992 
    
   
   
 101,869 
    
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 383,389 
    
   
   
 97 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
   
   
 186,514 
    
   
   
 182,077 
    
   
   
 128,588 
    
   
   
 4,437 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 53,489 
    
   
   
 42 
 %  
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 69,411 
    
   
   
 30,336 
    
   
   
 32,047 
    
   
   
 39,075 
    
   
   
 129 
 %  
   
   
 (1,711 
 )  
   
   
 -5 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 111,244 
    
   
   
 103,902 
    
   
   
 47,850 
    
   
   
 7,342 
    
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 56,052 
    
   
   
 117 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
   
   
 57,147 
    
   
   
 97,562 
    
   
   
 19,033 
    
   
   
 (40,415 
 )  
   
   
 -41 
 %  
   
   
 78,529 
    
   
   
 413 
 %  
 
   Incentive Fees 
   
   
 508 
    
   
   
 (45,262 
 )  
   
   
 (24,099 
 )  
   
   
 45,770 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (21,163 
 )  
   
   
 -88 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 424,824 
    
   
   
 368,615 
    
   
   
 203,419 
    
   
   
 56,209 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 165,196 
    
   
   
 81 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
   
   
 96,940 
    
   
   
 84,488 
    
   
   
 49,955 
    
   
   
 12,452 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 34,533 
    
   
   
 69 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
   
   
 521,764 
    
   
   
 453,103 
    
   
   
 253,374 
    
   
   
 68,661 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 199,729 
    
   
   
 79 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
   
 $ 
 358,486 
    
   
 $ 
 325,278 
    
   
 $ 
 141,618 
    
   
 $ 
 33,208 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
 $ 
 183,660 
    
   
   
 130 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.    Revenues
   Revenues were $880.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $101.9 million compared
to $778.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This change was primarily attributable to increases of $88.4 million in Performance Fees and $5.3 million in Total Management Fees.  
      115
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Performance Fees were $457.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an
increase of $88.4 million compared to the prior year. This change was primarily attributable to higher returns in our hedge fund strategies funds and continued strong underlying company performance in the portfolios of our carry funds. The net
returns of Blackstone’s Credit segment funds were 18.2% for the hedge funds, 17.9% for the mezzanine funds and 24.3% for the rescue lending funds for the year ended December 31, 2013.  
 Total Management Fees were $386.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $5.3 million compared to
$381.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This change was primarily attributable to an increase of $52.9 million in Base Management Fees due to the growth in Fee-Earning Assets Under Management and partially offset by an
increase of $35.3 million in Management Fee Offsets (primarily due to a $29.6 million adjustment in connection with placement fees reimbursed to investors in certain drawdown funds from the second quarter of 2011 through the third quarter
of 2013) and a decrease of $12.3 million in Transaction and Other Fees.    Revenues were $778.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $383.4 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. This change was primarily attributable to increases of $226.8 million in Performance Fees and $141.1 million in Total
Management Fees.    Performance Fees were $368.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of
$226.8 million compared to the prior year. This change was attributable to a higher rate of appreciation in our investment funds driven by favorable credit markets and strong underlying company performance in the portfolios of our carry funds.
The net returns of Blackstone’s Credit segment funds were 13.4% for the hedge funds, 26.2% for the mezzanine funds and 15.7% for the rescue lending funds for the year ended December 31, 2012.  
 Total Management Fees were $381.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $141.1 million compared to
the prior year. This change was primarily attributable to an increase of $106.7 million in Base Management Fees due to the significant growth in our Fee-Earning Assets Under Management and an increase of $39.0 million in Transaction and
Other Fees primarily due to waiver and amendment fees earned by certain CLOs.    Expenses  
 Expenses were $521.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $68.7 million compared to
$453.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in expenses was primarily attributable to increases of $51.8 million in Performance Fee Compensation due to the increase in Performance Fees Revenue and $12.5 million
in Other Operating Expenses primarily due to an increase in interest expense allocated to the segment, partially offset by a reduction in fund start-up costs.    Expenses were $453.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $199.7 million, or 79%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase in expenses was
attributed to increases of $111.7 million in Performance Fee Compensation due to greater Total Performance Fees, $53.5 million in Compensation due to greater Total Management Fees and $34.5 million in Other Operating Expenses
primarily due to greater start up costs and professional fees related to launching new products.    Fund Returns
   Fund return information for our significant businesses is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate
an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of The Blackstone Group L.P. and is also not necessarily
indicative of the future results of any particular fund. An investment in The Blackstone Group L.P. is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve
similar returns.  
      116
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents the return information of the segment’s Flagship Hedge
Funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Average Annual Returns (a) 
   
 
   
    
 Periods Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 One Year 
   
   
 Three Year 
   
   
 Five Year 
   
   
 Historical 
   
 
   Fund 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   Flagship Hedge Funds (b) 
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   The returns presented represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group L.P.
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Average annual returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of Blackstone Funds.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 The Flagship Hedge Funds’ returns represent the weighted-average return for U.S. domestic and offshore funds included in this return. The historical return is from
August 1, 2005, which is before Blackstone’s acquisition of GSO in March 2008.    The following table
presents the internal rates of return of our significant Credit drawdown funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 Inception to Date 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Fund (a) 
    
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 Gross 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   Mezzanine Funds (b) 
    
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 19 
 %  
 
   Rescue Lending Funds (c) 
    
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of The Blackstone Group
L.P.      
 
 
 (a) 
 Net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance fee allocations, net of tax advances.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 The Mezzanine Funds’ returns represent the weighted-average return for the U.S. domestic and offshore funds, as applicable, for the significant mezzanine funds.
The inception to date return is from July 16, 2007, which is before Blackstone’s acquisition of GSO in March 2008.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The Rescue Lending Funds’ returns represent the weighted-average return for the U.S. domestic and offshore funds included in this return. The inception to date
returns are from September 29, 2009, which is when the funds commenced investing.    As of December 31,
2013, the significant Credit drawdown funds were above their respective Carried Interest thresholds.  
      117
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Financial Advisory    The following table presents the results of operations for our Financial Advisory segment:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 2013 vs. 2012 
   
   
 2012 vs. 2011 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 $ 
   
   
 % 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Advisory Fees 
    
 $ 
 410,514 
    
   
 $ 
 357,417 
    
   
 $ 
 382,240 
    
   
 $ 
 53,097 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (24,823 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 1,105 
    
   
   
 295 
    
   
   
 321 
    
   
   
 810 
    
   
   
 275 
 %  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 -8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Advisory and Transaction Fees 
    
   
 411,619 
    
   
   
 357,712 
    
   
   
 382,561 
    
   
   
 53,907 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 (24,849 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 (1,625 
 )  
   
   
 1,392 
    
   
   
 594 
    
   
   
 (3,017 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 798 
    
   
   
 134 
 %  
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 739 
    
   
   
 1,348 
    
   
   
 304 
    
   
   
 (609 
 )  
   
   
 -45 
 %  
   
   
 1,044 
    
   
   
 343 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
    
   
 (886 
 )  
   
   
 2,740 
    
   
   
 898 
    
   
   
 (3,626 
 )  
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 1,842 
    
   
   
 205 
 %  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 8,020 
    
   
   
 7,157 
    
   
   
 6,799 
    
   
   
 863 
    
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 358 
    
   
   
 5 
 %  
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,450 
    
   
   
 (804 
 )  
   
   
 (383 
 )  
   
   
 2,254 
    
   
   
 N/M 
    
   
   
 (421 
 )  
   
   
 -110 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 420,203 
    
   
   
 366,805 
    
   
   
 389,875 
    
   
   
 53,398 
    
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 (23,070 
 )  
   
   
 -6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 262,314 
    
   
   
 235,137 
    
   
   
 248,695 
    
   
   
 27,177 
    
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 (13,558 
 )  
   
   
 -5 
 %  
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 82,205 
    
   
   
 84,589 
    
   
   
 81,538 
    
   
   
 (2,384 
 )  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
   
   
 3,051 
    
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 344,519 
    
   
   
 319,726 
    
   
   
 330,233 
    
   
   
 24,793 
    
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 (10,507 
 )  
   
   
 -3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 75,684 
    
   
 $ 
 47,079 
    
   
 $ 
 59,642 
    
   
 $ 
 28,605 
    
   
   
 61 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (12,563 
 )  
   
   
 -21 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 N/M 
 Not meaningful.    Revenues
   Revenues were $420.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $53.4 million, or 15%,
compared to $366.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in revenues was driven primarily by increases in Restructuring and Reorganization, capital markets and the fund placement business, partially offset by a
decrease in Blackstone Advisory Partners’ (“BAP”) financial and strategic advisory business. The increase in Restructuring and Reorganization was primarily driven by an increase in the number and size of transactions compared to the
prior year. The capital markets business was formed in late 2012 and during the year ended December 31, 2013 acted as underwriter or arranger for 26 deals. The increase in fees earned by the fund placement business was due primarily to an
increase in the number of transactions that closed during the period. BAP experienced a decrease in revenues related to the overall decline in the mergers and acquisitions market, lower fees on closed transactions and timing of some deals.
   Revenues were $366.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $23.1 million, or 6%,
compared to $389.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. The decrease in revenues was driven primarily by decreases in the fund placement business and in BAP’s business, partially offset by an increase in Restructuring and
Reorganization. The decrease in fees earned by the fund placement business was due to decreases in the fundraising of capital from institutional investors for alternative investment products compared to the prior year. The decrease in BAP’s
business was due to a small decline in the number and size of transactions completed relative to the prior year. The increase in Restructuring and Reorganization was driven primarily by an increase in the size and number of transactions that closed
in 2012 compared to the prior year.  
      118
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Expenses    Expenses were $344.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $24.8 million, or 8%, compared to $319.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012.
Compensation increased $27.2 million compared to $235.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, principally due to an overall increase in total fee revenue across the segment. Compensation expense for these businesses is related
to their financial performance. Other Operating Expenses decreased $2.4 million from the year ended December 31, 2012.    Expenses were $319.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $10.5 million, or 3%, compared to $330.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2011.
Compensation and Benefits decreased $13.6 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2011, principally due to decreases in compensation expense in our BAP and fund placement businesses, partially offset by an increase in such costs in
Restructuring and Reorganization. Compensation expense for these businesses is related to their financial performance. Other Operating Expenses increased $3.1 million over the year ended December 31, 2011, principally due to increases in
consulting fees related to various non-recurring deals and other expenses allocated to the segment.    Liquidity and Capital Resources
   General    Blackstone’s business model derives revenue primarily from third party assets under management and from advisory businesses. Blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet intensive business and
targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. As a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. We draw
primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the Blackstone Funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives, make commitments to our own funds,
where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, or pay distributions to unitholders.    Fluctuations in our statement of financial condition result primarily from activities of the Blackstone Funds which are consolidated as well as business transactions, such as the issuance of senior notes
described below. The majority economic ownership interests of the Blackstone Funds are reflected as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities, Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities and Appropriated Partners’
Capital in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The consolidation of these Blackstone Funds has no net effect on the Partnership’s Net Income or Partners’ Capital. Additionally, fluctuations in our statement of financial condition also
include appreciation or depreciation in Blackstone investments in the Blackstone Funds, additional investments and redemptions of such interests in the Blackstone Funds and the collection of receivables related to management and advisory fees.
   Total assets were $29.7 billion as of December 31, 2013, up slightly from December 31, 2012. Total liabilities
were $15.3 billion as of December 31, 2013, a decrease of $2.4 billion from December 31, 2012. The decrease in total liabilities was primarily due to a decrease in Loans Payable of $2.6 billion resulting from the
deconsolidation of certain CLO vehicles and loan repayments.    For the year ended December 31, 2013, we had Total Fee
Related Revenues of $2.3 billion and related expenses of $1.6 billion, generating Fee Related Earnings of $745.5 million and Distributable Earnings of $1.9 billion.    Sources of Liquidity    We have multiple sources of liquidity to meet
our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in the businesses, investments in our own Treasury and liquid funds and access to our debt capacity, including our $1.1 billion committed revolving credit facility and the
proceeds from our 2009, 2010 and 2012 issuances of senior notes. As of December 31, 2013, Blackstone had $832.0 million in cash, $1.2 billion invested  
      119
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
in Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies, $114.3 million invested in liquid Blackstone Funds, $2.5 billion invested in illiquid Blackstone Funds and $201.5 million
invested in other investments, against $1.6 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances, and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility.    In addition to the cash we received in connection with our IPO, debt offerings and our borrowing facilities, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities, (b) Carried
Interest and incentive income realizations, and (c) realizations on the carry and hedge fund investments that we make. The amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter
depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our investment funds. Our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds
accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. Therefore, Blackstone’s commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity and cash position.  
 We use Distributable Earnings, which is derived from our segment reported results, as a supplemental non-GAAP measure to assess
performance and amounts available for distributions to Blackstone unitholders, including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings is intended to show the amount of net
realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the Blackstone Funds. Distributable Earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision for
Taxes. Distributable Earnings, which is a component of Economic Net Income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) Total Management and Advisory Fees, (b) Interest and Dividend Revenue, (c) Other Revenue, (d) Realized Performance
Fees, and (e) Realized Investment Income (Loss); less (a) Compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) Realized Performance Fee Compensation, (c) Other Operating Expenses, and (d) Taxes and Related
Payables including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.  
      120
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table calculates Blackstone’s Fee Related Earnings, Distributable
Earnings and Economic Net Income:        


 
      
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the total segment amounts of the respective captions. See Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Detail on this amount is included in the table below.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents the current tax provision calculated on Income Before Provision for Taxes and the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Represents equity-based award expense included in Economic Income.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Represents tax-related payables including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.  
      121
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following calculates the components of Fee Related Earnings, Distributable Earnings and
Economic Net Income in the above table identified by note (b):        


 
      
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the total segment amounts of the respective captions. See Note 21. “Segment Reporting” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 
 
 (b) 
 This adjustment represents the realized and unrealized gain on Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies which are a component of Investment Income (Loss)
but included in Fee Related Earnings.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents the elimination of Realized Investment Income attributable to Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies which is a component of both Fee Related
Earnings and Realized Investment Income (Loss).  
 
 
 (d) 
 Represents equity-based award expense included in Economic Income.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Represents tax-related payables including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.  
      122
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table is a reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone
Group L.P. to Economic Income, of Economic Income to Economic Net Income, of Economic Net Income to Fee Related Earnings, of Fee Related Earnings to Distributable Earnings and of Distributable Earnings to Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and
Depreciation and Amortization:        


 
  
      123
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
 (a) 
 The adjustment adds back to Income Before Provision for Taxes amounts for Transaction-Related Charges which include principally equity-based compensation charges
associated with Blackstone’s initial public offering and long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions.  
 
 
 (b) 
 This adjustment adds back to Income Before Provision for Taxes amounts for the Amortization of Intangibles which are associated with Blackstone’s initial public
offering and other corporate actions.  
 
 
 (c) 
 This adjustment adds back to Income Before Provision for Taxes the amount of (Income) Loss Associated with Non-Controlling Interests in (Income) Loss of Consolidated
Entities and includes the amount of Management Fee Revenues associated with Consolidated CLO Entities.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Taxes represent the current tax provision calculated on Income Before Provision for Taxes.  
 
 
 (e) 
 This adjustment removes from EI the total segment amount of Performance Fees.  
 
 
 (f) 
 This adjustment removes from EI the total segment amount of Investment Income (Loss).  
 
 
 (g) 
 This adjustment represents the realized and unrealized gain on Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies which are a component of Investment Income (Loss)
but included in Fee Related Earnings.  
 
 
 (h) 
 This adjustment removes from expenses the compensation and benefit amounts related to Blackstone’s profit sharing plans related to Performance Fees.
 
 
 
 (i) 
 Represents the adjustment for realized Performance Fees net of corresponding actual amounts due under Blackstone’s profit sharing plans related thereto.
 
 
 
 (j) 
 Represents the adjustment for Blackstone’s Investment Income (Loss) – Realized.  
 
 
 (k) 
 Represents the elimination of Realized Investment Income attributable to Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies which is a component of both Fee Related
Earnings and Realized Investment Income (Loss).  
 
 
 (l) 
 Taxes and Related Payables Including Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement represent the current tax provision calculated on Income Before Provision for Taxes and the
Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.  
 
 
 (m) 
 Represents equity-based award expense included in Economic Income.  
      124
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Liquidity Needs    We expect that our primary liquidity needs will be cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses which principally includes funding our general partner and
co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital to facilitate our expansion into new businesses that are complementary, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees and other obligations as they
arise, (d) fund modest capital expenditures, (e) repay borrowings and related interest costs, (f) pay income taxes, and (g) make distributions to our unitholders and the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Our own
capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of December 31, 2013 consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Blackstone and General Partner 
   
   
 Senior Managing 
Directors and Certain Other Professionals (a) 
   
 
   Fund 
   
 Original Commitment 
   
   
 Remaining Commitment 
   
   
 Original Commitment 
   
   
 Remaining Commitment 
   
 
 Private Equity 
   
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   BCP VI 
   
 $ 
 719,718 
    
   
 $ 
 544,197 
    
   
 $ 
 250,000 
    
   
 $ 
 185,791 
    
 
   BCP V 
   
   
 629,356 
    
   
   
 70,500 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   BEP 
   
   
 50,000 
    
   
   
 39,976 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Tactical Opportunities 
   
   
 96,931 
    
   
   
 71,177 
    
   
   
 21,420 
    
   
   
 13,070 
    
 
   Strategic Partners 
   
   
 16,110 
    
   
   
 15,035 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other (b) 
   
   
 213,810 
    
   
   
 16,666 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Real Estate Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   BREP VII 
   
   
 300,000 
    
   
   
 124,544 
    
   
   
 100,000 
    
   
   
 35,301 
    
 
   BREP VI 
   
   
 750,000 
    
   
   
 44,097 
    
   
   
 150,000 
    
   
   
 14,699 
    
 
   BREP Europe III 
   
   
 100,000 
    
   
   
 19,300 
    
   
   
 35,000 
    
   
   
 7,538 
    
 
   BREP Europe IV 
   
   
 100,000 
    
   
   
 88,626 
    
   
   
 33,333 
    
   
   
 29,542 
    
 
   BREP Asia 
   
   
 50,000 
    
   
   
 40,817 
    
   
   
 16,667 
    
   
   
 13,973 
    
 
   BREDS II 
   
   
 50,000 
    
   
   
 27,914 
    
   
   
 16,667 
    
   
   
 9,305 
    
 
   CT Opportunity Partners I 
   
   
 25,000 
    
   
   
 18,537 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other (b) 
   
   
 138,314 
    
   
   
 9,994 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Strategic Alliance II 
   
   
 50,000 
    
   
   
 16,936 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Strategic Alliance 
   
   
 50,000 
    
   
   
 2,033 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Credit 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital Opportunities Fund II L.P. 
   
   
 120,000 
    
   
   
 98,638 
    
   
   
 109,947 
    
   
   
 90,375 
    
 
   GSO Capital Solutions II 
   
   
 125,000 
    
   
   
 125,000 
    
   
   
 94,637 
    
   
   
 94,637 
    
 
   Blackstone/GSO Capital Solutions 
   
   
 50,000 
    
   
   
 9,684 
    
   
   
 27,666 
    
   
   
 5,358 
    
 
   Blackstone Credit Liquidity Partners 
   
   
 32,244 
    
   
   
 1,612 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   BMezz II 
   
   
 17,692 
    
   
   
 3,085 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other (b) 
   
   
 53,046 
    
   
   
 34,005 
    
   
   
 2,996 
    
   
   
 1,697 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Treasury 
   
   
 175,862 
    
   
   
 73,372 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 3,913,083 
    
   
 $ 
 1,495,745 
    
   
 $ 
 858,333 
    
   
 $ 
 501,286 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   For some of the general partner commitments shown in the table above we require our senior managing directors and certain other professionals to fund a
portion of the commitment even though the ultimate obligation to fund the aggregate commitment is ours pursuant to the governing agreements of the respective  
      125
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 
funds. The amounts of the aggregate applicable general partner original and remaining commitment are shown in the table above. In addition, certain senior managing directors and other
professionals are required to fund a de minimis amount of the commitment in the other private equity, real estate and credit-focused carry funds. We expect our commitments to be drawn down over time and to be funded by available cash and cash
generated from operations and realizations. Taking into account prevailing market conditions and both the liquidity and cash or liquid investment balances, we believe that the sources of liquidity described below will be more than sufficient to fund
our working capital requirements.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents capital commitments to a number of other funds in each respective segment.  
 Blackstone, through indirect subsidiaries, has a $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”)
with Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent with a maturity date of July 13, 2017. Borrowings may also be made in U.K. sterling or euros, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. The Credit Facility contains customary representations,
covenants and events of default. Financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly.  
 In August 2009, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued $600 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% Senior Notes
which will mature on August 15, 2019, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. In September 2010, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875% Senior Notes which will mature on March 15,
2021, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. In August 2012, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. issued $400 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes which will mature on February 15, 2023 and $250 million in aggregate
principal amount of 6.25% Senior Notes which will mature on August 15, 2042. (These issuances of Senior Notes are collectively referred to as the “Notes”.) The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Blackstone Holdings
Finance Co. L.L.C. and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by The Blackstone Group L.P. and each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The Notes contain customary covenants and financial restrictions that, among other
things, limit Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. and the guarantors’ ability, subject to certain exceptions, to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge,
consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. The Notes also contain customary events of default. All or a portion of the Notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their stated maturity,
at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the Notes. If a change of control repurchase event occurs, the Notes are subject to repurchase at the repurchase price as set forth in the Notes.  
 In January 2008, the Board of Directors of our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., authorized the repurchase of up to
$500 million of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under this unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The
timing and the actual number of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. This unit repurchase program
may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. During the year ended December 31, 2013, no units were repurchased. As of December 31, 2013, the amount remaining under this program available for
repurchases was $335.8 million.    Distributions    Distributable Earnings, which is derived from Blackstone’s segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to Blackstone unitholders,
including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the Blackstone
Funds. Distributable Earnings, which is a component of Economic Net Income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) Total Management and Advisory Fees, (b) Interest and Dividend Revenue, (c) Other Revenue,
 
      126
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
(d) Realized Performance Fees, and (e) Realized Investment Income (Loss); less (a) Compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) Realized Performance Fee
Compensation, (c) Other Operating Expenses, and (d) Taxes and Related Payables Including the Payable Under Tax Receivable Agreement.    Our current intention is to distribute to common unitholders each quarter substantially all of our Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders, subject to a base quarterly distribution of
$0.12 per unit. Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders is The Blackstone Group L.P.’s share of Distributable Earnings, less realized investment gains and returns of capital from investments and acquisitions, in excess of
amounts determined by Blackstone’s general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments
or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter.    In circumstances in which the Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders for a quarter falls short of the amount necessary to support the base distribution of $0.12 per unit, Blackstone
intends to correspondingly reduce subsequent quarterly distributions below the amounts supported by the Net Cash Available for Distribution to Common Unitholders by the amount of the shortfall, but not below $0.12 per unit.  
 All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of
our general partner and our general partner may change our distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce the quarterly distribution payable to our common unitholders to less than $0.12 per unit or even to eliminate such
distributions entirely.    Because the subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. must pay taxes and make payments under the tax
receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately distributed by The Blackstone Group L.P. to its common unitholders in respect of each fiscal year are expected to be less, on a per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.    The following chart shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common unitholder distributions for 2011, 2012 and 2013. Distributions are declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which
they are earned.        


 
  
      127
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  With respect to fiscal year 2013, we have paid to common unitholders distributions of $0.30,
$0.23, $0.23 and $0.58 per common unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $1.34 per common unit. With respect to fiscal years 2012 and 2011, we paid aggregate common unitholder distributions of
$0.72 per common unit and $0.52 per common unit, respectively.    With respect to fiscal year 2013, we have paid to the
Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships distributions of $0.31, $0.28, $0.26 and $0.67 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters,
respectively, aggregating $1.52 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit. With respect to fiscal years 2012 and 2011, we paid aggregate distributions of $0.88 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit and $0.58 per Blackstone Holdings Partnership
Unit, respectively.    Leverage    We may under certain circumstances use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for Blackstone and our public common unitholders. In addition to the
borrowings from our bond issuances and our revolving credit facility, our Treasury Cash Management Strategies may use reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. All of these positions are held in a
separately managed portfolio. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet
purchased. Repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. The balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on Blackstone’s liquidity needs, market conditions
and investment risk profiles. The following table presents information regarding these financial instruments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
   
    
 Repurchase Agreements 
   
    
 Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Millions) 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 149.0 
    
    
 $ 
 316.3 
    
    
 $ 
 76.2 
    
 
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 248.0 
    
    
 $ 
 142.3 
    
    
 $ 
 226.4 
    
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Average Daily Balance 
    
 $ 
 163.2 
    
    
 $ 
 105.3 
    
    
 $ 
 136.1 
    
 
   Maximum Daily Balance 
    
 $ 
 290.9 
    
    
 $ 
 322.8 
    
    
 $ 
 276.6 
    
   Our private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds have not
historically utilized substantial leverage at the fund level other than for (a) short-term borrowings between the date of an investment and the receipt of capital from the investing fund’s investors, and (b) long-term borrowings for
certain investments in aggregate amounts which are generally 2% to 20% of the capital commitments of the respective fund. Our carry funds make direct or indirect investments in companies that utilize leverage in their capital structure. The degree
of leverage employed varies among portfolio companies.    Certain of our Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit funds use leverage in
order to obtain additional market exposure, enhance returns on invested capital and/or to bridge short-term cash needs. The forms of leverage primarily employed by these funds include purchasing securities on margin, utilizing collateralized
financing and using derivative instruments.    Critical Accounting Policies  
 We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make
assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that
we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. Actual results may  
      128
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in
which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. (See Note 2.
“Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.)  
 Principles of Consolidation    The Partnership consolidates all entities that it controls through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those Blackstone Funds in which the general partner is presumed to have control.
Although the Partnership has a non-controlling interest in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, the limited partners do not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have substantive kick out rights or participating rights that would overcome
the presumption of control by the Partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership consolidates Blackstone Holdings and records non-controlling interests to reflect the economic interests of the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings.  
 In addition, the Partnership consolidates all variable interest entities (“VIE”) in which it is the primary beneficiary. An
enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s
economic performance, and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The consolidation guidance requires an analysis to determine
(a) whether an entity in which the Partnership holds a variable interest is a VIE, and (b) whether the Partnership’s involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable
interests (for example, management and performance related fees), would give it a controlling financial interest. Performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment. VIEs qualify for the deferral of the consolidation guidance if all of
the following conditions have been met:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The entity has all of the attributes of an investment company as defined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and
Auditing Guide,  Investment Companies  (“Investment Company Guide”) ,  or does not have all the attributes of an investment company but it is an entity for which it is acceptable based on industry practice to apply measurement
principles that are consistent with the Investment Company Guide,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The reporting entity does not have explicit or implicit obligations to fund any losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the
entity, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The entity is not a securitization or asset-backed financing entity or an entity that was formerly considered a qualifying special purpose entity.
   Where the VIEs have qualified for the deferral of the current consolidation guidance as discussed in
Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, the analysis is based on previous
consolidation guidance. This guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which the Partnership holds a variable interest is a variable interest entity and (b) whether the Partnership’s involvement, through
holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests (for example, management and performance related fees), would be expected to absorb a majority of the variability of the entity. Under both
guidelines, the Partnership determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and reconsiders that conclusion continually. In evaluating whether the Partnership is the primary
beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its economic interests in the entity held either directly by the Partnership and its affiliates or indirectly through employees. The consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is
not readily apparent that the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. Investments and redemptions (either by the Partnership, affiliates of the Partnership or third parties) or amendments to the
governing documents of the  
      129
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, the Partnership assesses whether it is the
primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.    Assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be used to
settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone are presented in a separate section in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition.    Revenue Recognition    Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other. Please refer to “Part I. Item 1.
Business—Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure” for additional information regarding the manner in which Base Management Fees and Performance Fees are generated.    Management and Advisory Fees, Net —Management and Advisory Fees, Net are comprised of management fees, including base management fees, transaction and other fees, advisory fees and management
fee reductions and offsets.    The Partnership earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed
funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. Base management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying
investment advisory agreements. The range of management fee rates and the calculation base from which they are earned, generally, are as follows:    On private equity, real estate, and certain credit-focused funds:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.30% to 1.75% of committed capital or invested capital during the investment period,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.50% to 1.75% of invested capital or investment fair value subsequent to the investment period for private equity and real estate funds, and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.00% to 1.50% of invested capital or net asset value for certain credit-focused funds.  
 On real estate and credit-focused funds structured like hedge funds:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   1.25% to 2.00% of net asset value.    On credit-focused separately managed accounts:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.30% to 1.35% of net asset value.    On funds of hedge funds and separately managed accounts invested in hedge funds:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.50% to 1.25% of net asset value.    On CLO vehicles:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.40% to 1.25% of total assets.    On credit-focused registered and non-registered investment companies:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   0.50% to 1.50% of fund assets or net asset value.  
      130
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The investment adviser of BXMT receives annual management fees based upon 1.5% of
BXMT’s net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated “core earnings” (which is generally equal to its GAAP net income excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments.  
 Transaction and other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies. The investment
advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the Partnership (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and
other fees directly paid to the Partnership by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.  
 Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by our limited partners, which are granted based on the amount they
reimburse Blackstone for placement fees.    Advisory fees consist of advisory retainer and transaction-based fee arrangements
related to financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds. Advisory retainer fees are recognized when services for
the transactions are complete, in accordance with terms set forth in individual agreements. Transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided,
(c) fees are fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured. Fund placement fees are recognized as earned upon the acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments.  
 Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date
are included in Accounts Receivable or Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Management fees paid by limited partners to the Blackstone Funds and passed on to Blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.
   Performance Fees —Performance Fees earned on the performance of Blackstone’s hedge fund structures
(“Incentive Fees”) are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund’s governing
agreements. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone’s offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Accrued but
unpaid Incentive Fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Incentive Fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. Once realized,
such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.    In certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate
and certain Hedge Fund Solutions and credit-focused funds (“Carry Funds”), performance fees (“Carried Interest”) are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to
limited partners. At the end of each reporting period, the Partnership calculates the Carried Interest that would be due to the Partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were
realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Carried Interest to reflect
either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Carried Interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the Partnership to be less than the amount previously
recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to Carried Interest allocated to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Carried Interest on cumulative results compared to the Carried Interest recorded to
date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. The Partnership ceases to record negative Carried Interest allocations once previously recognized Carried Interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. The Partnership is
not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Carried Interest over the life of a fund. Accrued but unpaid Carried Interest as of the reporting date is reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements
of Financial Condition.  
      131
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Carried Interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the
fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. Carried Interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the Carried Interest received to date
exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received Carried Interest, which is a component of Due to Affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to
Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the Blackstone Carry Funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds’ investments as of the
reporting date. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may
have an interim clawback liability.    Investment Income (Loss) —Investment Income (Loss) represents the unrealized
and realized gains and losses on the Partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. Investment Income (Loss) is
realized when the Partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the Partnership receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized Investment Income (Loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying
investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.    Interest and Dividend
Revenue —Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments held by Blackstone.    Other Revenue —Other Revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.  
 Expenses    Our
expenses include compensation and benefits expense and general and administrative expenses. Our accounting policies related thereto are as follows:    Compensation and Benefits—Compensation— Compensation and Benefits consists of (a) employee compensation, comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and
senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing
directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. Equity-based awards that do not require future service are expensed
immediately. Cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.    Compensation and Benefits—Performance Fee— Performance Fee Compensation consists of Carried Interest and Incentive Fee allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of
investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain profit sharing initiatives. Such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Unlike Carried
Interest and Incentive Fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. Compensation received from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may
also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.    Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
 GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring
financial instruments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the
existence and transparency of transactions between  
      132
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
market participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment
used in measuring fair value.    Financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on
the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level I—Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the reporting date. The type of financial
instruments in Level I include listed equities, listed derivatives and mutual funds with quoted prices. The Partnership does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where Blackstone holds a large position and a sale
could reasonably impact the quoted price.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level II—Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting
date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. Financial instruments which are generally included in this category include corporate bonds and loans, government and agency securities, less liquid and
restricted equity securities, certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs, and certain funds of hedge funds and proprietary investments in which Blackstone has the ability to redeem its investment at net
asset value at, or within three months of, the reporting date.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level III—Pricing inputs are unobservable for the financial instruments and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for
the financial instrument. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are included in this category generally include general and limited partnership interests in
private equity and real estate funds, credit-focused funds, distressed debt and non-investment grade residual interests in securitizations, certain corporate bonds and loans held within CLO vehicles, certain over-the-counter derivatives where the
fair value is based on unobservable inputs and certain funds of hedge funds that use net asset value per share to determine fair value in which Blackstone may not have the ability to redeem its investment at net asset value at, or within three
months of, the reporting date. Blackstone may not have the ability to redeem its investment at net asset value at, or within three months of, the reporting date if an investee fund manager has the ability to limit the amount of redemptions, and/or
the ability to side pocket investments, irrespective of whether such ability has been exercised. Senior and subordinate notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy.  
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the
determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Partnership’s assessment of the
significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.    Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period.    Level II Valuation Techniques    Financial instruments classified within
Level II of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, including corporate loans and bonds held by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles, those held within Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies and debt securities
sold, not yet purchased and interests in investment funds. Certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs are also classified as Level II.    The valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Debt Instruments and Equity Securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable
dealers or pricing services. In determining the value  
      133
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in
comparable investments and various relationships between investments. The valuation of certain equity securities is based on an observable price for an identical security adjusted for the effect of a restriction.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Investment Funds held by the consolidated Blackstone Funds are valued using net asset value per share as described in Level III Valuation
Techniques—Funds of Hedge Funds. Certain investments in investment funds are classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy as the investment can be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Freestanding Derivatives and Derivative Instruments Used in Fair Value Hedging Strategies are valued using contractual cash flows and observable inputs
comprising yield curves, foreign currency rates and credit spreads.    Level III Valuation Techniques  
 In the absence of observable market prices, Blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis.
For some investments little market activity may exist; management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a
significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks. Investments for which market prices are not observable
include private investments in the equity of operating companies, real estate properties, certain funds of hedge funds and credit-focused investments.    Private Equity Investments —The fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
(“EBITDA”), the discounted cash flow method, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are unaudited at the time received. Valuations may be derived by reference to
observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company such as EBITDA by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or
transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a
terminal value is derived by reference to EBITDA or price/earnings exit multiples.    Real Estate Investments —The
fair values of real estate investments are determined by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs among other measures. The methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate
investments include the discounted cash flow method and/or capitalization rates (“cap rates”) analysis. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, multiplying a
key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the
referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to an exit EBITDA multiple or capitalization rate.
Additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash flow through debt maturity will be considered in support of the investment’s fair value.    Funds of Hedge Funds —The investments of consolidated Blackstone Funds in funds of hedge funds (“Investee Funds”) are valued at net asset value (“NAV”) per share of the
Investee Fund. In limited circumstances, the Partnership may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, the Partnership will estimate the fair value
in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with its valuation policies.  
      134
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Certain investments of Blackstone and of the consolidated Blackstone funds of hedge funds
and credit-focused funds measure their investments in underlying funds at fair value using NAV per share without adjustment. The terms of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution of
gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting
date. A side pocket is used by hedge funds and funds of hedge funds to separate investments that may lack a readily ascertainable value, are illiquid or are subject to liquidity restriction. Redemptions are generally not permitted until the
investments within a side pocket are liquidated or it is deemed that the conditions existing at the time that required the investment to be included in the side pocket no longer exist. As the timing of either of these events is uncertain, the timing
at which the Partnership may redeem an investment held in a side pocket cannot be estimated. Investments for which fair value is measured using NAV per share are reflected within the fair value hierarchy based on the existence of redemption
restrictions, if any, as described above. Further disclosure on instruments for which fair value is measured using NAV per share is presented in Note 5. “Net Asset Value as Fair Value” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 Credit-Focused Investments —The fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices
between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. In some instances, Blackstone may utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach.  
 Credit-Focused Liabilities —Credit-focused liabilities comprise senior and subordinate loans issued by Blackstone’s
consolidated CLO vehicles. Such liabilities are valued using a discounted cash flow method.    Level III Valuation Process  
 Investments classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy are valued on a quarterly basis, taking into consideration any changes
in Blackstone’s weighted-average cost of capital assumptions, discounted cash flow projections and exit multiple assumptions, as well as any changes in economic and other relevant conditions, and valuation models are updated accordingly. The
valuation process also includes a review by an independent valuation party, at least annually for all investments, and quarterly for certain investments, to corroborate the values determined by management. The valuations of Blackstone’s
investments are reviewed quarterly by a valuation committee which is chaired by Blackstone’s Vice Chairman and includes senior heads of each of Blackstone’s businesses, as well as representatives of legal and finance. Each quarter, the
valuations of Blackstone’s investments are also reviewed by the Audit Committee in a meeting attended by the chairman of the valuation committee. The valuations are further tested by comparison to actual sales prices obtained on disposition of
the investments.    Investments, at Fair Value    The Blackstone Funds are accounted for as investment companies under the Investment Company Guide, and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the “Portfolio
Companies”), at fair value. Blackstone has retained the specialized accounting for the consolidated Blackstone Funds. Thus, such consolidated funds’ investments are reflected in Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Fair value is the amount that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price).    Blackstone’s principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
within Investment Income (Loss).  
      135
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  For certain instruments, the Partnership has elected the fair value option. Such election is
irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition. The Partnership has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables and certain investments in private debt securities that otherwise would not
have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. Accounting for these financial instruments at fair value is consistent with how the Partnership accounts for its other principal investments. Loans extended to third
parties are recorded within Accounts Receivable within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Debt securities for which the fair value option has been elected are recorded within Investments. The methodology for measuring the fair value
of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate, credit-focused and funds of hedge funds investments. Changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and
the amortization of purchase premiums. This interest income is recorded within Interest and Dividend Revenue.    In addition,
the Partnership has elected the fair value option for the assets and liabilities of CLO vehicles that are consolidated as of January 1, 2010, as a result of the initial adoption of variable interest entity consolidation guidance. The
Partnership has also elected the fair value option for CLO vehicles consolidated as a result of the acquisitions of CLO management contracts or the acquisition of the share capital of CLO managers. The adjustment resulting from the difference
between the fair value of assets and liabilities for each of these events is presented as a transition and acquisition adjustment to Appropriated Partners’ Capital. The recognition of the initial difference between the fair value of assets and
liabilities of CLO vehicles consolidated as a result of the acquisition of management contracts or CLO managers subsequent to the initial adoption of revised accounting guidance effective January 1, 2010, as an adjustment to Appropriated
Partners’ Capital, is currently under review by the Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”). Assets of the consolidated CLOs are presented within Investments within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and Liabilities within
Loans Payable for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties and Due to Affiliates for the amounts held by non-consolidated affiliates. The methodology for measuring the fair value of such assets and liabilities is consistent with the methodology
applied to private equity, real estate and credit-focused investments. Changes in the fair value of consolidated CLO assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income subsequent to adoption and acquisition are presented within
Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. Expenses of consolidated CLO vehicles are presented in Fund Expenses. Amounts attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities have a corresponding adjustment to Appropriated
Partners’ Capital.    The Partnership has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would
otherwise have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market or using the discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment
Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option
has been elected is presented in Note 7. “Fair Value Option” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
 Intangibles and Goodwill  
 Blackstone’s intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including management and advisory fees,
Incentive Fees and Carried Interest. Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 3 to 20 years, reflecting the contractual lives of such assets. Amortization
expense is included within General, Administrative and Other in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Partnership does not hold any indefinite-lived intangible assets. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.  
      136
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Goodwill comprises goodwill arising from the contribution and reorganization of the
Partnership’s predecessor entities in 2007 immediately prior to its IPO, the acquisition of GSO in 2008 and the acquisition of Strategic Partners in 2013.    The carrying value of goodwill was $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2013 and $1.7 billion as of December 31, 2012. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually, and more
frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we evaluated that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the Partnership’s operating segments was less than their
respective carrying values.    We test goodwill for impairment at the operating segment level (the same as our segments).
Management has organized the firm into five operating segments. All of the components in each segment have similar economic characteristics and management makes key operating decisions based on the performance of each segment. Therefore, we believe
that operating segment is the appropriate reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill. Blackstone performed a qualitative assessment as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of
its operating segments was less than their respective carrying values.    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements including sponsoring and owning limited or general
partner interests in consolidated and non-consolidated funds, entering into derivative transactions, entering into operating leases, and entering into guarantee arrangements. We also have ongoing capital commitment arrangements with certain of our
consolidated and non-consolidated drawdown funds. We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that would require us to fund losses or guarantee target returns to investors in our funds.  
 Further disclosure on our off-balance sheet arrangements is presented in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in
“—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Note 6. “Derivative Financial Instruments”,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Note 9. “Variable Interest Entities”, and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies—Commitments, Operating Leases;—Commitments, Investment Commitments; and—Contingencies,
Guarantees”.    Recent Accounting Developments  
 Information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on Blackstone can be found in Note 2. “Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.  
      137
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies  
 The following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2013 on a consolidated basis
and on a basis deconsolidating the Blackstone Funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Contractual Obligations 
    
 2014 
   
   
 2015–2016 
   
   
 2017–2018 
   
   
 Thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Operating Lease Obligations (a) 
    
 $ 
 71,286 
    
   
 $ 
 128,687 
    
   
 $ 
 110,658 
    
   
 $ 
 189,150 
    
   
 $ 
 499,781 
    
 
   Purchase Obligations 
    
   
 14,910 
    
   
   
 7,230 
    
   
   
 132 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,272 
    
 
   Blackstone Issued Notes and Revolving Credit Facility (b) 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,635,000 
    
   
   
 1,635,000 
    
 
   Interest on Blackstone Issued Notes and Revolving Credit Facility (c) 
    
   
 96,890 
    
   
   
 193,762 
    
   
   
 193,762 
    
   
   
 523,634 
    
   
   
 1,008,048 
    
 
   Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (d) 
    
   
 8,066 
    
   
   
 5,009 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,826,621 
    
   
   
 9,839,696 
    
 
   Interest on Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (e) 
    
   
 107,492 
    
   
   
 214,620 
    
   
   
 214,524 
    
   
   
 277,015 
    
   
   
 813,651 
    
 
   Blackstone Funds Capital Commitments to Investee Funds (f) 
    
   
 54,617 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 54,617 
    
 
   Due to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Connection with Tax Receivable Agreements (g) 
    
   
 80,565 
    
   
   
 148,981 
    
   
   
 145,826 
    
   
   
 895,659 
    
   
   
 1,271,031 
    
 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Including Interest and Penalties (h) 
    
   
 558 
    
   
   
 499 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,057 
    
 
   Blackstone Operating Entities Capital Commitments to Blackstone Funds and Other (i) 
    
   
 1,495,745 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,495,745 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Contractual Obligations 
    
   
 1,930,129 
    
   
   
 698,788 
    
   
   
 664,902 
    
   
   
 13,347,079 
    
   
   
 16,640,898 
    
 
   Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (d) 
    
   
 (8,066 
 )  
   
   
 (5,009 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,826,621 
 )  
   
   
 (9,839,696 
 )  
 
   Interest on Blackstone Funds and CLO Vehicles Debt Obligations Payable (e) 
    
   
 (107,492 
 )  
   
   
 (214,620 
 )  
   
   
 (214,524 
 )  
   
   
 (277,015 
 )  
   
   
 (813,651 
 )  
 
   Blackstone Funds Capital Commitments to Investee Funds (f) 
    
   
 (54,617 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (54,617 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Blackstone Operating Entities Contractual Obligations 
    
 $ 
 1,759,954 
    
   
 $ 
 479,159 
    
   
 $ 
 450,378 
    
   
 $ 
 3,243,443 
    
   
 $ 
 5,932,934 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 We lease our primary office space under agreements that expire through 2032. In connection with certain lease agreements, we are responsible for escalation payments.
The contractual obligation table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments. These leases are classified as operating leases for financial statement
purposes and as such are not recorded as liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The amounts are presented net of contractual sublease commitments.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents the principal amount due on the senior notes we issued. As of December 31, 2013, we had no outstanding borrowings under our revolver.
 
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents interest to be paid over the maturity of our senior notes and borrowings under our revolving credit facility which has been calculated assuming no
pre-payments are made and debt is held until its final maturity date. These amounts exclude commitment fees for unutilized borrowings under our revolver.  
 
 
 (d) 
 These obligations are those of the Blackstone Funds including the consolidated CLO vehicles.  
 
 
 (e) 
   Represents interest to be paid over the maturity of the related consolidated Blackstone Funds’ and CLO vehicles’ debt obligations which has
been calculated assuming no pre-payments will be made and debt will be held until its final maturity date. The future interest payments are calculated using variable rates in effect as of December 31, 2013, at spreads to market rates pursuant
to the financing agreements, and range from  
      138
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 
0.30% to 10.91%. The majority of the borrowings are due on demand and for purposes of this schedule are assumed to mature within one year. Interest on the majority of these borrowings rolls over
into the principal balance at each reset date.  
 
 
 (f) 
 These obligations represent commitments of the consolidated Blackstone Funds to make capital contributions to investee funds and portfolio companies. These amounts are
generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category.  
 
 
 (g) 
 Represents obligations by the Partnership’s corporate subsidiary to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements to certain non-controlling interest holders
for the tax savings realized from the taxable purchases of their interests in connection with the reorganization at the time of Blackstone’s initial public offering in 2007 and subsequent purchases. The obligation represents the amount of the
payments currently expected to be made, which are dependent on the tax savings actually realized as determined annually without discounting for the timing of the payments. As required by GAAP, the amount of the obligation included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements and shown in Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” (see “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”) differs to reflect the net present value of the payments due to certain
non-controlling interest holders.  
 
 
 (h) 
 The total represents gross unrecognized tax benefits of $0.3 million and interest and penalties of $0.7 million. In addition, Blackstone is not able to make a
reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with gross unrecognized benefits of $18.5 million and interest of $5.0 million; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual
obligations table.  
 
 
 (i) 
 These obligations represent commitments by us to provide general partner capital funding to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and
Blackstone principal investment commitments. These amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category; however, a substantial amount of the capital commitments are expected to be called over the next
three years. We expect to continue to make these general partner capital commitments as we raise additional amounts for our investment funds over time.    Guarantees    Blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide
financial guarantees. The amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Guarantees” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in
“—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.    Indemnifications  
 In many of its service contracts, Blackstone agrees to indemnify the third party service provider under certain circumstances. The terms
of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the table above or recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31,
2013.    Clawback Obligations    Carried Interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the Carried Interest received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The
actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim
clawback liability. The lives of the carry funds with a potential clawback obligation, including available contemplated extensions, are currently anticipated to expire at various points through 2018. Further extensions of such terms may be
implemented under given circumstances.    For financial reporting purposes, the general partners have recorded a liability for
potential clawback obligations to the limited partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund’s remaining investments and where the fund’s general partner has previously received Carried Interest
distributions with respect to such fund’s realized investments.  
      139
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Blackstone general partners paid a cash
clawback obligation of $89.7 million relating to Blackstone Communications Partners (“BCOM”) of which $70.6 million was paid by Blackstone Holdings and $19.1 million by current and former Blackstone personnel.  
 As of December 31, 2013, the total clawback obligations were $4.3 million, of which $2.7 million related to Blackstone
Holdings and $1.6 million related to current and former Blackstone personnel. (See Note 17. “Related Party Transactions” and Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.)      
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment adviser to the Blackstone Funds and the sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments,
including the effect on management fees, performance fees and investment income.    Although the Blackstone Funds share many
common themes, each of our alternative asset management operations runs its own investment and risk management processes, subject to our overall risk tolerance and philosophy:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The investment process of our carry funds involves a detailed analysis of potential investments, and asset management teams are assigned to oversee the
operations, strategic development, financing and capital deployment decisions of each portfolio investment. Key investment decisions are subject to approval by the applicable investment committee, which is comprised of Blackstone senior managing
directors and senior management.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In our capacity as adviser to certain funds in our Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit segments, we continuously monitor a variety of markets for
attractive trading opportunities, applying a number of traditional and customized risk management metrics to analyze risk related to specific assets or portfolios. In addition, we perform extensive credit and cash-flow analyses of borrowers,
credit-based assets and underlying hedge fund managers, and have extensive asset management teams that monitor covenant compliance by, and relevant financial data of, borrowers and other obligors, asset pool performance statistics, tracking of cash
payments relating to investments and ongoing analysis of the credit status of investments.    Effect on Fund Management
Fees    Our management fees are based on (a) third parties’ capital commitments to a Blackstone Fund,
(b) third parties’ capital invested in a Blackstone Fund or (c) the net asset value, or NAV, of a Blackstone Fund, as described in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Management fees will only be directly affected by short-term
changes in market conditions to the extent they are based on NAV or represent permanent impairments of value. These management fees will be increased (or reduced) in direct proportion to the effect of changes in the market value of our investments
in the related funds. The proportion of our management fees that are based on NAV is dependent on the number and types of Blackstone Funds in existence and the current stage of each fund’s life cycle. For the years ended December 31, 2013
and December 31, 2012, the approximate percentages of our fund management fees based on the NAV of the applicable funds or separately managed accounts, were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Fund Management Fees Based on the NAV of the Applicable Funds or Separately Managed Accounts 
    
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
 
      140
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Market Risk    The Blackstone Funds hold investments which are reported at fair value. Based on the fair value as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, we estimate that a 10% decline in fair value of the
investments would result in the following declines in Management Fees, Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense and Investment Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   10% Decline in Fair Value of the Investments 
    
 $ 
 72,894 
    
    
 $ 
 851,121 
    
    
 $ 
 300,786 
    
    
 $ 
 51,672 
    
    
 $ 
 1,175,115 
    
    
 $ 
 256,479 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the annualized effect of the 10% decline.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents the reporting date effect of the 10% decline.    Total Assets Under Management, excluding undrawn capital commitments and the amount of capital raised for our CLOs, by segment, and the percentage amount classified as Level III investments as defined
within the fair value standards of GAAP, are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Total Assets Under Management, Excluding Undrawn 
Capital Commitments and the Amount of Capital Raised for CLOs 
   
    
 Percentage Amount Classified as Level III Investments 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   
    
   
   


 
   Private Equity 
    
 $ 
 42,775,480 
    
    
   
 62 
 %  
 
   Real Estate 
    
 $ 
 60,326,590 
    
    
   
 66 
 %  
 
   Hedge Fund Solutions 
    
 $ 
 54,292,940 
    
    
   
 74 
 %  
 
   Credit 
    
 $ 
 34,155,174 
    
    
   
 43 
 %  
   The fair value of our investments and securities can vary significantly based on a number of factors that
take into consideration the diversity of the Blackstone Funds’ investment portfolio and on a number of factors and inputs such as similar transactions, financial metrics, and industry comparatives, among others. (See “Part I.
Item 1A. Risk Factors” above. Also see “—Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies—Investments, at Fair Value.”) We believe
these fair value amounts should be utilized with caution as our intent and strategy is to hold investments and securities until prevailing market conditions are beneficial for investment sales.  
 Investors in all of our carry funds (and certain of our credit-focused funds and funds of hedge funds) make capital commitments to those
funds that we are entitled to call from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We depend on investors fulfilling their commitments when we call capital from them in order for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay
their related obligations when due, including management fees. We have not had investors fail to honor capital calls to any meaningful extent and any investor that did not fund a capital call would be subject to having a significant amount of its
existing investment forfeited in that fund; however, if investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, those funds could be materially and adversely affected.  
 Exchange Rate Risk    The
Blackstone Funds hold investments that are denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies that may be affected by movements in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and non-U.S. dollar currencies.
 
      141
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Additionally, a portion of our management fees are denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies. We estimate that as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, a 10% decline in the rate
of exchange of all foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar would result in the following declines in Management Fees, Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense and Investment Income:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
    
 Management Fees (a) 
   
    
 Performance Fees, Net of Related Compensation Expense (b) 
   
    
 Investment Income (b) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   10% Decline in the Rate of Exchange of All Foreign Currencies Against the U.S. Dollar 
    
 $ 
 23,300 
    
    
 $ 
 172,236 
    
    
 $ 
 39,219 
    
    
 $ 
 13,175 
    
    
 $ 
 123,435 
    
    
 $ 
 34,448 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the annualized effect of the 10% decline.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents the reporting date effect of the 10% decline.    Interest Rate Risk    Blackstone has debt obligations payable that accrue
interest at variable rates. Interest rate changes may therefore affect the amount of our interest payments, future earnings and cash flows. Based on our debt obligations payable as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, we estimate
that interest expense relating to variable rates would increase on an annual basis, in the event interest rates were to increase by one percentage point, as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2013   
   
    
   2012   
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Annualized Increase in Interest Expense Due to a One Percentage Point Increase in Interest Rates 
    
 $ 
 131 
    
    
 $ 
 301 
    
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies consists of a diversified portfolio of liquid
assets to meet the liquidity needs of various businesses (the “Treasury Liquidity Portfolio”). This portfolio includes cash, open-ended money market mutual funds, open-ended bond mutual funds, marketable investment securities, freestanding
derivative contracts, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and other investments. If interest rates were to increase by one percentage point, we estimate that our annualized investment income would decrease, offset by an estimated increase
in interest income on an annual basis from interest on floating rate assets, as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
     
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
     
    
 Annualized Decrease in Investment Income 
   
   
 Annualized Increase in Interest Income from Floating Rate 
Assets 
   
    
 Annualized Decrease in Investment Income 
   
   
 Annualized Increase in Interest Income from Floating Rate 
Assets 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   One Percentage Point Increase in Interest Rates 
    
 $ 
 8,251 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 8,374 
    
    
 $ 
 22,107 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 5,425 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, this represents 0.4% and 1.0% of the Treasury Liquidity Portfolio, respectively.  
      142
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Credit Risk    Certain Blackstone Funds and the Investee Funds are subject to certain inherent risks through their investments.    The Treasury Liquidity Portfolio contains certain credit risks including, but not limited to, exposure to uninsured deposits with financial institutions, unsecured corporate bonds and mortgage-backed
securities. These exposures are actively monitored on a continuous basis and positions are reallocated based on changes in risk profile, market or economic conditions.    We estimate that our annualized investment income would decrease, if credit spreads were to increase by one percentage point, as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Decrease in Annualized Investment Income Due to a One Percentage Point Increase in Credit Spreads (a) 
    
 $ 
 22,865 
    
    
 $ 
 20,060 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, this represents 1.1% and 0.9% of the Treasury Liquidity Portfolio, respectively.  
 Certain of our entities hold derivative instruments that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties may be unable to
meet the terms of such agreements. We minimize our risk exposure by limiting the counterparties with which we enter into contracts to banks and investment banks who meet established credit and capital guidelines. We do not expect any counterparty to
default on its obligations and therefore do not expect to incur any loss due to counterparty default.  
      143
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 145 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 147 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 149 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 150 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Partners’ Capital for the Years Ended December 
31, 2013, 2012 and 2011  
    
   
 151 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 154 
    
 
 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 156 
    
 
      144
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
   To the General Partner and Unitholders of The Blackstone Group L.P.:  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of The Blackstone Group L.P. and subsidiaries
(“Blackstone”) as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in partners’ capital, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2013. We also have audited Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Blackstone’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion
on Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or
fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The Blackstone Group L.P. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our
 
      145
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
opinion, Blackstone maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the criteria established in  Internal
Control—Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission .   
 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP    New
York, New York    February 28, 2014  
      146
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition  
  (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 831,998 
    
    
 $ 
 709,502 
    
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 1,045,882 
    
    
   
 1,404,411 
    
 
   Investments (including assets pledged of $316,564 and $141,931 at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012,
respectively) 
    
   
 21,729,523 
    
    
   
 20,847,270 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 888,356 
    
    
   
 638,164 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 148,984 
    
    
   
 248,018 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 1,192,044 
    
    
   
 1,120,067 
    
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
   
 560,748 
    
    
   
 598,535 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,787,392 
    
    
   
 1,703,602 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 284,472 
    
    
   
 376,372 
    
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 1,209,207 
    
    
   
 1,285,611 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 29,678,606 
    
    
 $ 
 28,931,552 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 10,466,504 
    
    
 $ 
 13,051,404 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 1,436,859 
    
    
   
 2,002,644 
    
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,132,939 
    
    
   
 1,254,978 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 76,195 
    
    
   
 226,425 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 316,352 
    
    
   
 142,266 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 872,086 
    
    
   
 1,038,888 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 15,300,935 
    
    
   
 17,716,605 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and Contingencies 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 1,950,442 
    
    
   
 1,556,185 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital (common units: 572,592,279 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2013; 556,354,387 issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2012) 
    
   
 6,002,592 
    
    
   
 4,955,649 
    
 
   Appropriated Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 300,708 
    
    
   
 509,028 
    
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 3,466 
    
    
   
 2,170 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 2,464,047 
    
    
   
 1,443,559 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 3,656,416 
    
    
   
 2,748,356 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 12,427,229 
    
    
   
 9,658,762 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 29,678,606 
    
    
 $ 
 28,931,552 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
    
 continued…      

 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
    

      147
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition    (Dollars in Thousands)      
 The following presents the portion of the consolidated balances presented above attributable to consolidated Blackstone Funds which are
variable interest entities. The following assets may only be used to settle obligations of these consolidated Blackstone Funds and these liabilities are only the obligations of these consolidated Blackstone Funds and they do not have recourse to the
general credit of Blackstone.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
 $ 
 618,881 
    
    
 $ 
 1,163,915 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 9,700,804 
    
    
   
 12,320,611 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 231,052 
    
    
   
 187,343 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 27,022 
    
    
   
 27,034 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 29,755 
    
    
   
 35,447 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 10,607,514 
    
    
 $ 
 13,734,350 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 8,802,155 
    
    
 $ 
 11,375,877 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 143,444 
    
    
   
 253,546 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other 
    
   
 284,818 
    
    
   
 518,656 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 9,230,417 
    
    
 $ 
 12,148,079 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      148
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations  
  (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data)  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 $ 
 2,193,985 
    
   
 $ 
 2,030,693 
    
   
 $ 
 1,811,750 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 943,958 
    
   
   
 327,422 
    
   
   
 138,907 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 464,838 
    
   
   
 301,801 
    
   
   
 90,099 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 2,158,010 
    
   
   
 994,190 
    
   
   
 971,518 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 (22,749 
 )  
   
   
 (30,361 
 )  
   
   
 (17,864 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
    
   
 3,544,057 
    
   
   
 1,593,052 
    
   
   
 1,182,660 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 188,644 
    
   
   
 93,963 
    
   
   
 87,542 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 611,664 
    
   
   
 256,231 
    
   
   
 125,781 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
    
   
 800,308 
    
   
   
 350,194 
    
   
   
 213,323 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 64,511 
    
   
   
 40,354 
    
   
   
 37,427 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 10,307 
    
   
   
 5,148 
    
   
   
 7,416 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 6,613,168 
    
   
   
 4,019,441 
    
   
   
 3,252,576 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 1,844,485 
    
   
   
 2,091,698 
    
   
   
 2,421,712 
    
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 257,201 
    
   
   
 96,433 
    
   
   
 43,615 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 200,915 
    
   
   
 140,042 
    
   
   
 55,912 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 966,717 
    
   
   
 321,599 
    
   
   
 237,945 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 (11,651 
 )  
   
   
 (44,528 
 )  
   
   
 (20,759 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 3,257,667 
    
   
   
 2,605,244 
    
   
   
 2,738,425 
    
 
   General, Administrative and Other 
    
   
 474,442 
    
   
   
 548,738 
    
   
   
 566,313 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
    
   
 107,973 
    
   
   
 72,870 
    
   
   
 57,824 
    
 
   Fund Expenses 
    
   
 26,658 
    
   
   
 33,829 
    
   
   
 25,507 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 3,866,740 
    
   
   
 3,260,681 
    
   
   
 3,388,069 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reversal of Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
    
   
 20,469 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 197,816 
    
 
   Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
    
   
 381,664 
    
   
   
 256,145 
    
   
   
 14,935 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Income 
    
   
 402,133 
    
   
   
 256,145 
    
   
   
 212,751 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
   
 3,148,561 
    
   
   
 1,014,905 
    
   
   
 77,258 
    
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
   
 255,642 
    
   
   
 185,023 
    
   
   
 345,711 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
    
   
 2,892,919 
    
   
   
 829,882 
    
   
   
 (268,453 
 )  
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 183,315 
    
   
   
 103,598 
    
   
   
 (24,869 
 )  
 
   Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 198,557 
    
   
   
 99,959 
    
   
   
 7,953 
    
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 1,339,845 
    
   
   
 407,727 
    
   
   
 (83,234 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
   
 $ 
 218,598 
    
   
 $ 
 (168,303 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
 $ 
 2.00 
    
   
 $ 
 0.41 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.35 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.98 
    
   
 $ 
 0.41 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.35 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units, Basic 
    
   
 587,018,828 
    
   
   
 533,703,606 
    
   
   
 475,582,718 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units, Diluted 
    
   
 590,546,640 
    
   
   
 538,669,070 
    
   
   
 475,582,718 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Revenues Earned from Affiliates 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 $ 
 253,877 
    
   
 $ 
 254,729 
    
   
 $ 
 317,675 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      149
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
  (Dollars in Thousands)  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Net Income (Loss) 
    
 $ 
 2,892,919 
    
    
 $ 
 829,882 
    
    
 $ 
 (268,453 
 )  
 
   Other Comprehensive Income, Net of Tax—Currency Translation Adjustment 
    
   
 9,896 
    
    
   
 1,859 
    
    
   
 7,056 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
   
 2,902,815 
    
    
   
 831,741 
    
    
   
 (261,397 
 )  
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 183,315 
    
    
   
 103,598 
    
    
   
 (24,869 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 207,157 
    
    
   
 101,606 
    
    
   
 17,353 
    
 
   Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 1,339,845 
    
    
   
 407,727 
    
    
   
 (83,234 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 1,172,498 
    
    
 $ 
 218,810 
    
    
 $ 
 (170,647 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      150
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital  
  (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Appro- priated Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive Income 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2010 
   
   
 416,092,022 
    
   
 $ 
 3,888,211 
    
   
 $ 
 470,583 
    
   
 $ 
 4,302 
    
   
 $ 
 812,354 
    
   
 $ 
 2,418,517 
    
   
 $ 
 7,593,967 
    
   
 $ 
 659,390 
    
 
   Transition and Acquisition Adjustments Relating to Consolidation of CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 97,660 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 97,773 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (168,303 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,953 
    
   
   
 (83,234 
 )  
   
   
 (243,584 
 )  
   
   
 (24,869 
 )  
 
   Allocation of Losses of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (190,780 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 190,780 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,344 
 )  
   
   
 9,400 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,056 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Allocation of Currency Translation Adjustment of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,400 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,400 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 279,293 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 279,293 
    
   
   
 909,425 
    
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (294,169 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (263,837 
 )  
   
   
 (408,663 
 )  
   
   
 (966,669 
 )  
   
   
 (344,450 
 )  
 
   Transfer of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,614 
    
   
   
 (2,614 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of Interests from Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (466 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,652 
 )  
   
   
 (2,118 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 58,391 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 58,391 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 565,438 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 761,464 
    
   
   
 1,326,902 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Relinquished with Deconsolidation and Liquidation of Partnership 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (107,663 
 )  
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Common Units 
   
   
 8,105,566 
    
   
   
 (34,590 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (34,590 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Repurchase of Common Units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (469 
 )  
   
   
 (469 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,893 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,893 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 62,055,376 
    
   
   
 228,722 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (228,722 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance of New Units 
   
   
 3,177,943 
    
   
   
 44,500 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 44,500 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 489,430,907 
    
   
 $ 
 4,281,841 
    
   
 $ 
 386,864 
    
   
 $ 
 1,958 
    
   
 $ 
 1,029,270 
    
   
 $ 
 2,460,520 
    
   
 $ 
 8,160,453 
    
   
 $ 
 1,091,833 
    
 
      continued
…      

  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

      151
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital    (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)      
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Appro- priated Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive Income 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 489,430,907 
    
   
 $ 
 4,281,841 
    
   
 $ 
 386,864 
    
   
 $ 
 1,958 
    
   
 $ 
 1,029,270 
    
   
 $ 
 2,460,520 
    
   
 $ 
 8,160,453 
    
   
 $ 
 1,091,833 
    
 
   Transition and Acquisition Adjustments Relating to Consolidation of CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 233,386 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 155 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 233,541 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Consolidation of Certain Funds 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 50,224 
    
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 218,598 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 99,959 
    
   
   
 407,727 
    
   
   
 726,284 
    
   
   
 103,598 
    
 
   Allocation of Losses of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (112,869 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 112,869 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 212 
    
   
   
 1,647 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,859 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Allocation of Currency Translation Adjustment of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,647 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,647 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 322,562 
    
   
   
 34 
    
   
   
 322,596 
    
   
   
 462,261 
    
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (271,890 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (116,672 
 )  
   
   
 (342,640 
 )  
   
   
 (731,202 
 )  
   
   
 (151,713 
 )  
 
   Transfer of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,584 
 )  
   
   
 (17,392 
 )  
   
   
 (21,976 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of Interests from Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (63 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (63 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 57,356 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 57,356 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 437,444 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 494,834 
    
   
   
 932,278 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Relinquished with Deconsolidation and Liquidation of Partnership 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (18 
 )  
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Holdings Partnership Units and Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 8,748,146 
    
   
   
 (21,453 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (911 
 )  
   
   
 (22,364 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,423 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,423 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 58,175,334 
    
   
   
 256,239 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (256,239 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 556,354,387 
    
   
 $ 
 4,955,649 
    
   
 $ 
 509,028 
    
   
 $ 
 2,170 
    
   
 $ 
 1,443,559 
    
   
 $ 
 2,748,356 
    
   
 $ 
 9,658,762 
    
   
 $ 
 1,556,185 
    
 
      continued
…      

  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

      152
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Partners’ Capital    (Dollars in Thousands, Except Unit Data)      
    
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
   
   
   
   
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
   
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Redeemable Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
 
   
   
 Common Units 
   
   
 Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Appro- priated Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Compre- hensive Income 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 556,354,387 
    
   
 $ 
 4,955,649 
    
   
 $ 
 509,028 
    
   
 $ 
 2,170 
    
   
 $ 
 1,443,559 
    
   
 $ 
 2,748,356 
    
   
 $ 
 9,658,762 
    
   
 $ 
 1,556,185 
    
 
   Consolidation of Fund Entity 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 659,001 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 659,001 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net Income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,171,202 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 198,557 
    
   
   
 1,339,845 
    
   
   
 2,709,604 
    
   
   
 183,315 
    
 
   Allocation of Losses of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (186,183 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 186,183 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Currency Translation Adjustment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,296 
    
   
   
 8,600 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,896 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Allocation of Currency Translation Adjustment of Consolidated CLO Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,600 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (8,600 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Capital Contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 285,757 
    
   
   
 262 
    
   
   
 286,019 
    
   
   
 894,792 
    
 
   Capital Distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (679,082 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (306,605 
 )  
   
   
 (790,397 
 )  
   
   
 (1,776,084 
 )  
   
   
 (555,943 
 )  
 
   Transfer of Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,403 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,403 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of Interests from Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Deferred Tax Effects Resulting from Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 80,580 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 80,580 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 411,516 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 399,567 
    
   
   
 811,083 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Relinquished with Deconsolidation and Liquidation of Partnership 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (30,737 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (30,739 
 )  
   
   
 (127,907 
 )  
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Holdings Partnership Units and Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 6,464,259 
    
   
   
 (20,366 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (481 
 )  
   
   
 (20,847 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,519 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,519 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone Common Units 
   
   
 8,232,434 
    
   
   
 43,255 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43,255 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance of New Units 
   
   
 1,541,199 
    
   
   
 42,400 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 42,400 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 572,592,279 
    
   
 $ 
 6,002,592 
    
   
 $ 
 300,708 
    
   
 $ 
 3,466 
    
   
 $ 
 2,464,047 
    
   
 $ 
 3,656,416 
    
   
 $ 
 12,427,229 
    
   
 $ 
 1,950,442 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      153
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
  (Dollars in Thousands)  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Operating Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
    
 $ 
 2,892,919 
    
   
 $ 
 829,882 
    
   
 $ 
 (268,453 
 )  
 
   Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Blackstone Funds Related 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized Depreciation (Appreciation) on Investments Allocable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated
Entities 
    
   
 (1,069,479 
 )  
   
   
 (397,470 
 )  
   
   
 59,973 
    
 
   Net Realized Gains on Investments 
    
   
 (1,792,106 
 )  
   
   
 (710,755 
 )  
   
   
 (540,353 
 )  
 
   Changes in Unrealized Gains on Investments Allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
   
 (506,546 
 )  
   
   
 (181,481 
 )  
   
   
 (116,183 
 )  
 
   Unrealized Depreciation (Appreciation) on Hedge Activities 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,599 
    
   
   
 (1,283 
 )  
 
   Non-Cash Performance Fees 
    
   
 (1,143,903 
 )  
   
   
 (699,711 
 )  
   
   
 (714,830 
 )  
 
   Non-Cash Performance Fee Compensation 
    
   
 1,413,182 
    
   
   
 513,546 
    
   
   
 316,713 
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation Expense 
    
   
 855,087 
    
   
   
 949,633 
    
   
   
 1,396,062 
    
 
   Excess Tax Benefits Related to Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 (5,769 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Amortization of Intangibles 
    
   
 95,671 
    
   
   
 139,174 
    
   
   
 207,591 
    
 
   Other Non-Cash Amounts Included in Net Income (Loss) 
    
   
 206,451 
    
   
   
 353,052 
    
   
   
 164,359 
    
 
   Cash Flows Due to Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 371,641 
    
   
   
 (367,101 
 )  
   
   
 545,637 
    
 
   Cash Relinquished with Deconsolidation and Liquidation of Partnership 
    
   
 (173,726 
 )  
   
   
 (48,284 
 )  
   
   
 (110,607 
 )  
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 (46,580 
 )  
   
   
 (60,520 
 )  
   
   
 116,714 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 99,034 
    
   
   
 (108,533 
 )  
   
   
 41,940 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 237,169 
    
   
   
 (73,485 
 )  
   
   
 (31,403 
 )  
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 15,445 
    
   
   
 51,031 
    
   
   
 (19,233 
 )  
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 (454,724 
 )  
   
   
 (119,862 
 )  
   
   
 (273,281 
 )  
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 (142,952 
 )  
   
   
 88,474 
    
   
   
 22,407 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 (316,082 
 )  
   
   
 (408,256 
 )  
   
   
 (203,419 
 )  
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 174,629 
    
   
   
 40,417 
    
   
   
 39,177 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 (216,671 
 )  
   
   
 (88,425 
 )  
   
   
 (3,439 
 )  
 
   Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments Purchased 
    
   
 (4,368,096 
 )  
   
   
 (3,414,291 
 )  
   
   
 (3,198,632 
 )  
 
   Cash Proceeds from Sale of Investments 
    
   
 4,643,886 
    
   
   
 2,729,689 
    
   
   
 3,486,836 
    
 
   Blackstone Funds Related 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments Purchased 
    
   
 (8,245,313 
 )  
   
   
 (6,845,184 
 )  
   
   
 (6,113,038 
 )  
 
   Cash Proceeds from Sale or Pay Down of Investments 
    
   
 11,024,774 
    
   
   
 8,389,016 
    
   
   
 6,296,358 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
    
   
 3,547,941 
    
   
   
 583,155 
    
   
   
 1,099,613 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchase of Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
    
   
 (25,637 
 )  
   
   
 (37,020 
 )  
   
   
 (36,484 
 )  
 
   Net Cash Paid for Acquisitions, Net of Cash Acquired 
    
   
 (146,117 
 )  
   
   
 (188,306 
 )  
   
   
 (23,744 
 )  
 
   Changes in Restricted Cash 
    
   
 5,850 
    
   
   
 2,345 
    
   
   
 330 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
    
   
 (165,904 
 )  
   
   
 (222,981 
 )  
   
   
 (59,898 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 (844,011 
 )  
   
   
 (261,582 
 )  
   
   
 (608,287 
 )  
 
   Contributions from Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 1,114,457 
    
   
   
 773,714 
    
   
   
 1,183,952 
    
 
    
 continued…      

  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

      154
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    (Dollars in Thousands)      
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Purchase of Interests from Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
 $ 
 (43 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (63 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (466 
 )  
 
   Net Delivery of Vested Common Units and Repurchase of Common and Holdings Units 
    
   
 (24,140 
 )  
   
   
 (22,364 
 )  
   
   
 (36,711 
 )  
 
   Excess Tax Benefits Related to Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 5,769 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Proceeds from Loans Payable 
    
   
 11,367 
    
   
   
 633,742 
    
   
   
 13,301 
    
 
   Repayment and Repurchase of Loans Payable 
    
   
 (16,777 
 )  
   
   
 (33,168 
 )  
   
   
 (27,424 
 )  
 
   Distributions to Unitholders 
    
   
 (1,469,479 
 )  
   
   
 (614,530 
 )  
   
   
 (702,832 
 )  
 
   Blackstone Funds Related 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from Loans Payable 
    
   
 53,917 
    
   
   
 17,820 
    
   
   
 342,133 
    
 
   Repayment of Loans Payable 
    
   
 (2,090,674 
 )  
   
   
 (898,980 
 )  
   
   
 (1,037,181 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
    
   
 (3,259,614 
 )  
   
   
 (405,411 
 )  
   
   
 (873,515 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
   
 73 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (77 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
   
 122,496 
    
   
   
 (45,242 
 )  
   
   
 166,123 
    
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 
    
   
 709,502 
    
   
   
 754,744 
    
   
   
 588,621 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 
    
 $ 
 831,998 
    
   
 $ 
 709,502 
    
   
 $ 
 754,744 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Payments for Interest 
    
 $ 
 125,361 
    
   
 $ 
 80,159 
    
   
 $ 
 81,407 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Payments for Income Taxes 
    
 $ 
 69,858 
    
   
 $ 
 30,234 
    
   
 $ 
 43,945 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Non-Cash Contributions from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
 $ 
 63,273 
    
   
 $ 
 6,803 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Non-Cash Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
 $ 
 (18,537 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (6,803 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Activities Related to Capital Transactions of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
 $ 
 (6,029 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5,409 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,775 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Assets Related to the Consolidation of CLO Vehicles 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 233,541 
    
   
 $ 
 97,773 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Assets Related to the Consolidation of Certain Fund Entities 
    
 $ 
 659,001 
    
   
 $ 
 50,224 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   In-kind Redemption of Capital 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (2,017 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (52,467 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   In-kind Contribution of Capital 
    
 $ 
 2,323 
    
   
 $ 
 2,017 
    
   
 $ 
 8,705 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Notes Issuance Costs 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 4,788 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Transfer of Interests to Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
 $ 
 (2,403 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4,584 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,614 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in The Blackstone Group L.P.’s Ownership Interest 
    
 $ 
 (2,519 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,423 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5,893 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Settlement of Vested Common Units 
    
 $ 
 153,522 
    
   
 $ 
 167,046 
    
   
 $ 
 186,644 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Conversion of Blackstone Holdings Units to Common Units 
    
 $ 
 43,255 
    
   
 $ 
 256,239 
    
   
 $ 
 228,722 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deferred Tax Asset 
    
 $ 
 (113,757 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (204,320 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (300,471 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
 $ 
 33,177 
    
   
 $ 
 146,964 
    
   
 $ 
 242,080 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 80,580 
    
   
 $ 
 57,356 
    
   
 $ 
 58,391 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Issuance of New Units 
    
 $ 
 42,400 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 44,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      155
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
   
  1.    ORGANIZATION  
  The Blackstone Group L.P., together with its subsidiaries (“Blackstone” or the “Partnership”), is a
leading global manager of private capital and provider of financial advisory services. The alternative asset management business includes the management of private equity funds, real estate funds, real estate investment trusts (“REITs”),
funds of hedge funds, credit-focused funds, collateralized loan obligation (“CLO”) vehicles, collateralized debt obligation (“CDO”) vehicles, separately managed accounts and registered investment companies (collectively referred
to as the “Blackstone Funds”). Blackstone also provides various financial advisory services, including financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory, capital markets and fund placement services.
Blackstone’s business is organized into five segments: private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, credit and financial advisory.    The Partnership was formed as a Delaware limited partnership on March 12, 2007. The Partnership is managed and operated by its general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is in turn
wholly owned and controlled by one of Blackstone’s founders, Stephen A. Schwarzman (the “Founder”), and Blackstone’s other senior managing directors. The activities of the Partnership are conducted through its holding
partnerships: Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (collectively, “Blackstone Holdings”, “Blackstone Holdings Partnerships” or the
“Holding Partnerships”). The Partnership, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is the sole general partner in each of these Holding Partnerships.    Generally, holders of the limited partner interests in the four Holding Partnerships may, four times each year, exchange their limited partnership interests (“Partnership Units”) for Blackstone
common units, on a one-to-one basis, exchanging one Partnership Unit in each of the four Holding Partnerships for one Blackstone common unit.  
  2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
  Basis of Presentation    The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Partnership have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).
   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Partnership, its wholly owned or majority-owned
subsidiaries, the consolidated entities which are considered to be variable interest entities and for which the Partnership is considered the primary beneficiary, and certain partnerships or similar entities which are not considered variable
interest entities but in which the general partner is presumed to have control.    All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.    Restructurings within consolidated CLOs are treated as investment purchases or sales,
as applicable, in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.    Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates that affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management believes that estimates utilized in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are  
      156
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
prudent and reasonable and that it has made all necessary adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring items) so that the consolidated financial statements are presented fairly. Actual
results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material.    Consolidation  
 The Partnership consolidates all entities that it controls through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those Blackstone
Funds in which the general partner is presumed to have control. Although the Partnership has a non-controlling interest in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, the limited partners do not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have
substantive kick out rights or participating rights that would overcome the presumption of control by the Partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership consolidates Blackstone Holdings and records non-controlling interests to reflect the economic
interests of the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings.    In addition, the Partnership consolidates all variable interest
entities (“VIE”) in which it is the primary beneficiary. An enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct
the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the
VIE. The consolidation guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which the Partnership holds a variable interest is a VIE and (b) whether the Partnership’s involvement, through holding interests directly or
indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests (for example, management and performance related fees), would give it a controlling financial interest. Performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment. VIEs
qualify for the deferral of the consolidation guidance if all of the following conditions have been met:      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 The entity has all of the attributes of an investment company as defined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Auditing Guide,
 Investment Companies  (“Investment Company Guide”), or does not have all the attributes of an investment company but it is an entity for which it is acceptable based on industry practice to apply measurement principles that are
consistent with the Investment Company Guide,      
 
 
   
 (b) 
 The reporting entity does not have explicit or implicit obligations to fund any losses of the entity that could potentially be significant to the entity, and
     
 
 
   
 (c) 
 The entity is not a securitization or asset-backed financing entity or an entity that was formerly considered a qualifying special purpose entity.
   Where the VIEs have qualified for the deferral of the current consolidation guidance, the analysis is based on
previous consolidation guidance. This guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which the Partnership holds a variable interest is a variable interest entity and (b) whether the Partnership’s involvement,
through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests (for example, management and performance related fees), would be expected to absorb a majority of the variability of the entity. Under
both guidelines, the Partnership determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and reconsiders that conclusion continually. In evaluating whether the Partnership is the
primary beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its economic interests in the entity held either directly by the Partnership and its affiliates or indirectly through employees. The consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however,
if it is not readily apparent that the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. Investments and redemptions (either by the Partnership, affiliates of the Partnership or third parties) or amendments
to the  
      157
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
governing documents of the respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, the Partnership
assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.    Assets of consolidated
variable interest entities that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone are
presented in a separate section in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Blackstone’s other disclosures
regarding VIEs are discussed in Note 9. “Variable Interest Entities”.    Business Combinations  
 The Partnership accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. On the acquisition date, the Partnership
recognizes identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interests in the acquiree at the acquisition date fair values. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred.    Revenue Recognition    Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory
fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other.    Management and Advisory Fees,
Net —Management and Advisory Fees, Net are comprised of management fees, including base management fees, transaction and other fees, advisory fees and management fee reductions and offsets.  
 The Partnership earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets
under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. Base management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying investment advisory agreements.
   Transaction and other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies.
The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the Partnership (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the
transaction and other fees directly paid to the Partnership by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.  
 Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by our limited partners, which are granted based on the amount they
reimburse Blackstone for placement fees.    Advisory fees consist of advisory retainer and transaction-based fee arrangements
related to financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and fund placement services for alternative investment funds. Advisory retainer fees are recognized when services for
the transactions are complete, in accordance with terms set forth in individual agreements. Transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided,
(c) fees are fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured. Fund placement fees are recognized as earned upon the acceptance by a fund of capital or capital commitments.  
      158
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and
management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in Accounts Receivable or Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Management fees paid by limited partners to the Blackstone Funds and passed on to
Blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.    Performance Fees —Performance Fees earned on the performance of
Blackstone’s hedge fund structures (“Incentive Fees”) are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set
out in each hedge fund’s governing agreements. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone’s offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated
Statements of Financial Condition. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Incentive Fees are realized at the end of a
measurement period, typically annually. Once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.    In certain fund
structures, specifically in private equity, real estate and certain Hedge Fund Solutions and credit-focused funds (“Carry Funds”), performance fees (“Carried Interest”) are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative
fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. At the end of each reporting period, the Partnership calculates the Carried Interest that would be due to the Partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as
if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments
to amounts recorded as Carried Interest to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Carried Interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the
Partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to Carried Interest allocated to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Carried Interest on cumulative
results compared to the Carried Interest recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. The Partnership ceases to record negative Carried Interest allocations once previously recognized Carried Interest allocations for such
fund have been fully reversed. The Partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Carried Interest over the life of a fund. Accrued but unpaid Carried Interest as of the reporting date is
reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Carried Interest is realized when an
underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. Carried Interest is subject to clawback to
the extent that the Carried Interest received to date exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results. As such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received Carried Interest, which is a component of Due to Affiliates,
represents all amounts previously distributed to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the Blackstone Carry Funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the
underlying funds’ investments as of the reporting date. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment
funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.    Investment Income (Loss) —Investment
Income (Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the Partnership’s principal investments, including its investments in Blackstone Funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal
investments. Investment Income (Loss) is realized when the Partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the Partnership receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. Unrealized Investment Income (Loss) results from
changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.  
      159
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Interest and Dividend Revenue —Interest and Dividend Revenue comprises
primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments held by Blackstone.    Other Revenue —Other
Revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.    Fair Value of Financial Instruments    GAAP establishes a hierarchical
disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial
instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices
in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.    Financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level I—Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the reporting date. The type of financial
instruments in Level I include listed equities, listed derivatives and mutual funds with quoted prices. The Partnership does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where Blackstone holds a large position and a sale
could reasonably impact the quoted price.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level II—Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting
date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. Financial instruments which are generally included in this category include corporate bonds and loans, government and agency securities, less liquid and
restricted equity securities, certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs, and certain funds of hedge funds and proprietary investments in which Blackstone has the ability to redeem its investment at net
asset value at, or within three months of, the reporting date.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level III—Pricing inputs are unobservable for the financial instruments and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for
the financial instrument. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are included in this category generally include general and limited partnership interests in
private equity and real estate funds, credit-focused funds, distressed debt and non-investment grade residual interests in securitizations, certain corporate bonds and loans held within CLO vehicles, certain over-the-counter derivatives where the
fair value is based on unobservable inputs and certain funds of hedge funds that use net asset value per share to determine fair value in which Blackstone may not have the ability to redeem its investment at net asset value at, or within three
months of, the reporting date. Blackstone may not have the ability to redeem its investment at net asset value at, or within three months of, the reporting date if an investee fund manager has the ability to limit the amount of redemptions, and/or
the ability to side pocket investments, irrespective of whether such ability has been exercised. Senior and subordinate notes issued by CLO vehicles are classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy.  
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the
determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for  
      160
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Partnership’s assessment of the significance of a particular input
to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.  
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period.  
 Level II Valuation Techniques    Financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, including corporate loans and bonds held by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles, those held
within Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies and debt securities sold, not yet purchased and interests in investment funds. Certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs are also classified as
Level II.    The valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy
are as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Debt Instruments and Equity Securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable
dealers or pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in
comparable investments and various relationships between investments. The valuation of certain equity securities is based on an observable price for an identical security adjusted for the effect of a restriction.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Investment Funds held by the consolidated Blackstone Funds are valued using net asset value per share as described in Level III Valuation
Techniques—Funds of Hedge Funds. Certain investments in investment funds are classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy as the investment can be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Freestanding Derivatives and Derivative Instruments Designated as Fair Value Hedges are valued using contractual cash flows and observable inputs
comprising yield curves, foreign currency rates and credit spreads.    Level III Valuation Techniques  
 In the absence of observable market prices, Blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis.
For some investments little market activity may exist; management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a
significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks. Investments for which market prices are not observable
include private investments in the equity of operating companies, real estate properties, certain funds of hedge funds and credit-focused investments.    Private Equity Investments —The fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
(“EBITDA”), the discounted cash flow method, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are unaudited at the time received. Valuations may be derived by reference to
observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key  
      161
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
performance metric of the investee company such as EBITDA by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences
between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to EBITDA or
price/earnings exit multiples.    Real Estate Investments —The fair values of real estate investments are determined
by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs among other measures. The methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method and/or
capitalization rates (“cap rates”) analysis. Valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset,
such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to
option pricing models or other similar methods. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to an exit EBITDA multiple or capitalization rate. Additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash
flow through debt maturity will be considered in support of the investment’s fair value.    Funds of Hedge
Funds —The investments of consolidated Blackstone Funds in funds of hedge funds (“Investee Funds”) are valued at net asset value (“NAV”) per share of the Investee Fund. In limited circumstances, the Partnership may
determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, the Partnership will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in
accordance with the requirements of GAAP.    Certain investments of Blackstone and of the consolidated Blackstone funds of hedge
funds and credit-focused funds measure their investments in underlying funds at fair value using NAV per share without adjustment. The terms of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution
of gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting
date. A side pocket is used by hedge funds and funds of hedge funds to separate investments that may lack a readily ascertainable value, are illiquid or are subject to liquidity restriction. Redemptions are generally not permitted until the
investments within a side pocket are liquidated or it is deemed that the conditions existing at the time that required the investment to be included in the side pocket no longer exist. As the timing of either of these events is uncertain, the timing
at which the Partnership may redeem an investment held in a side pocket cannot be estimated. Investments for which fair value is measured using NAV per share are reflected within the fair value hierarchy based on the existence of redemption
restrictions, if any, as described above. Further disclosure on instruments for which fair value is measured using NAV per share is presented in Note 5. “Net Asset Value as Fair Value”.  
 Credit-Focused Investments —The fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices
between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. In some instances, Blackstone may utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach.  
 Credit-Focused Liabilities —Credit-focused liabilities comprise senior and subordinate loans issued by Blackstone’s
consolidated CLO vehicles. Such liabilities are valued using a discounted cash flow method.  
      162
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Level III Valuation Process  
 Investments classified within Level III of the fair value hierarchy are valued on a quarterly basis, taking into consideration any changes
in Blackstone’s weighted-average cost of capital assumptions, discounted cash flow projections and exit multiple assumptions, as well as any changes in economic and other relevant conditions, and valuation models are updated accordingly. The
valuation process also includes a review by an independent valuation party, at least annually for all investments, and quarterly for certain investments, to corroborate the values determined by management. The valuations of Blackstone’s
investments are reviewed quarterly by a valuation committee which is chaired by Blackstone’s Vice Chairman and includes senior heads of each of Blackstone’s businesses, as well as representatives of legal and finance. Each quarter, the
valuations of Blackstone’s investments are also reviewed by the Audit Committee in a meeting attended by the chairman of the valuation committee. The valuations are further tested by comparison to actual sales prices obtained on disposition of
the investments.    Investments, at Fair Value    The Blackstone Funds are accounted for as investment companies under the Investment Company Guide, and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the “Portfolio
Companies”), at fair value. Blackstone has retained the specialized accounting for the consolidated Blackstone Funds. Thus, such consolidated funds’ investments are reflected in Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Financial
Condition at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Fair value is the amount that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price).    Blackstone’s principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
within Investment Income (Loss).    For certain instruments, the Partnership has elected the fair value option. Such election is
irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition. The Partnership has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables and certain investments in private debt securities that otherwise would not
have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. Accounting for these financial instruments at fair value is consistent with how the Partnership accounts for its other principal investments. Loans extended to third
parties are recorded within Accounts Receivable within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Debt securities for which the fair value option has been elected are recorded within Investments. The methodology for measuring the fair value
of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate, credit-focused and funds of hedge funds investments. Changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and
the amortization of purchase premiums. This interest income is recorded within Interest and Dividend Revenue.    In addition,
the Partnership has elected the fair value option for the assets and liabilities of CLO vehicles that are consolidated as of January 1, 2010, as a result of the initial adoption of variable interest entity consolidation guidance. The
Partnership has also elected the fair value option for CLO vehicles consolidated as a result of the acquisitions of CLO management contracts or the acquisition of the share capital of CLO managers. The adjustment resulting from the difference
between the fair value of assets and liabilities for each of these  
      163
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
events is presented as a transition and acquisition adjustment to Appropriated Partners’ Capital. The recognition of the initial difference between the fair value of assets and liabilities
of CLO vehicles consolidated as a result of the acquisition of management contracts or CLO managers subsequent to the initial adoption of revised accounting guidance effective January 1, 2010, as an adjustment to Appropriated Partners’
Capital, is currently under review by the Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”). Assets of the consolidated CLOs are presented within Investments within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and Liabilities within Loans Payable
for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties and Due to Affiliates for the amounts held by non-consolidated affiliates. The methodology for measuring the fair value of such assets and liabilities is consistent with the methodology applied to
private equity, real estate and credit-focused investments. Changes in the fair value of consolidated CLO assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income subsequent to adoption and acquisition are presented within Net Gains
(Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. Expenses of consolidated CLO vehicles are presented in Fund Expenses. Amounts attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities have a corresponding adjustment to Appropriated Partners’
Capital.    The Partnership has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been
accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market or using the discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is
presented in Note 7. “Fair Value Option” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    Security and loan
transactions are recorded on a trade date basis.    Equity Method Investments  
 Investments in which the Partnership is deemed to exert significant influence, but not control, are accounted for using the equity method
of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting, the Partnership’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is included in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The carrying amounts of
equity method investments are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. As the underlying investments of the Partnership’s equity method investments in Blackstone Funds are reported at fair value, the
carrying value of the Partnership’s equity method investments approximates fair value.    Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents represents cash on hand, cash held in banks, money market funds and liquid investments with original maturities
of three months or less. Interest income from cash and cash equivalents is recorded in Interest and Dividend Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Cash Held By Blackstone Funds and Other    Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and
Other represents cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated Blackstone Funds and other consolidated entities. Such amounts are not available to fund the general liquidity needs of Blackstone.  
      164
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Accounts Receivable    Accounts Receivable includes management fees receivable from limited partners, receivables from underlying funds in the fund of hedge funds business, placement and advisory fees receivables, receivables
relating to unsettled sale transactions and loans extended to unaffiliated third parties. Accounts Receivable, excluding those for which the fair value option has been elected, are assessed periodically for collectibility. Amounts determined to be
uncollectible are charged directly to General, Administrative and Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Intangibles
and Goodwill    Blackstone’s intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including
management and advisory fees, Incentive Fees and Carried Interest. Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 3 to 20 years, reflecting the contractual lives of
such assets. Amortization expense is included within General, Administrative and Other in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Partnership does not hold any indefinite-lived intangible assets. Intangible assets are reviewed
for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.    Goodwill
comprises goodwill arising from the contribution and reorganization of the Partnership’s predecessor entities in 2007 immediately prior to its IPO, the acquisition of GSO in 2008 and the acquisition of Strategic Partners in 2013. Goodwill is
reviewed for impairment at least annually, and more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The impairment testing for goodwill is based first on a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the
fair value of Blackstone’s operating segments is less than their respective carrying values. The operating segment is the reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that an
operating segment’s fair value is less than its carrying value, a two-step quantitative assessment is performed to (a) calculate the fair value of the operating segment and compare it to its carrying value, and (b) if the carrying
value exceeds its fair value, to measure an impairment loss.    Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements  
 Furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements consist primarily of leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, computer
hardware and software and are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the assets’ estimated useful economic lives, which for leasehold
improvements are the lesser of the lease terms or the life of the asset, generally ten to fifteen years, and three to seven years for other fixed assets. The Partnership evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.    Foreign Currency  
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership may enter into transactions not denominated in United States dollars. Foreign exchange
gains and losses arising on such transactions are recorded as Other Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising within consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded in Net Gains (Losses)
from Fund Investment Activities. In addition, the Partnership consolidates a number of entities that have a non-U.S. dollar functional currency. Non-U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities are translated to U.S. dollars at the exchange rate
prevailing at the reporting  
      165
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
date and income, expenses, gains and losses are translated at the prevailing exchange rate on the dates that they were recorded. Cumulative translation adjustments arising from the translation of
non-U.S. dollar denominated operations are recorded in Other Comprehensive Income and allocated to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities, as applicable.    Comprehensive Incom e     Comprehensive Income consists of Net Income
and Other Comprehensive Income. The Partnership’s Other Comprehensive Income is comprised of foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments.    Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities    Non-Controlling
Interests in Consolidated Entities represent the component of Partners’ Capital in consolidated Blackstone Funds held by third party investors and employees. The percentage interests held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general
partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during the reporting period. In addition, all non-controlling interests in consolidated Blackstone Funds are attributed a
share of income (loss) arising from the respective funds and a share of other comprehensive income, if applicable. Income (Loss) is allocated to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities based on the relative ownership interests of third
party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to The Blackstone Group L.P.    Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities  
 Non-controlling interests related to funds of hedge funds and certain other credit-focused funds are subject to annual, semi-annual or
quarterly redemption by investors in these funds following the expiration of a specified period of time (typically between one and three years), or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee in the funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused
funds during the period when capital may not be withdrawn. As limited partners in these types of funds have been granted redemption rights, amounts relating to third party interests in such consolidated funds are presented as Redeemable
Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. When redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued
Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. For all consolidated funds in which redemption rights have not been granted, non-controlling interests are presented within Partners’ Capital in the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities.    Non-Controlling Interests in
Blackstone Holdings    Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings represent the component of Partners’ Capital in
the consolidated Blackstone Holdings Partnerships held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.    Certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the Holdings Partnerships. Income (Loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and attributable to the Holdings Partnerships, is attributable to
Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings. This residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings
Partnerships.  
      166
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Compensation and Benefits  
 Compensation and Benefits—Compensation —Compensation and Benefits consists of (a) employee compensation, comprising
salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. Compensation cost
relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis.
Equity-based awards that do not require future service are expensed immediately. Cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.  
 Compensation and Benefits—Performance Fee —Performance Fee Compensation consists of Carried Interest and Incentive Fee
allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain profit sharing initiatives. Such compensation expense
is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Unlike Carried Interest and Incentive Fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. Compensation received
from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.    Other
Income    Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations include net
realized gains (losses) from realizations and sales of investments, the net change in unrealized gains (losses) resulting from changes in the fair value of investments and interest income and expense and dividends attributable to the consolidated
Blackstone Funds’ investments.    Expenses incurred by consolidated Blackstone funds are separately presented within Fund
Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    In 2013 and 2011, Other Income included the amount attributable to the
Reversal of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability. This is income attributable to a change in tax rate as discussed in Note 14. “Income Taxes”.    Income Taxes    The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain of their
subsidiaries operate in the U.S. as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally as corporate entities in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to New York City unincorporated business taxes
or non-U.S. income taxes. In addition, certain of the wholly owned subsidiaries of the Partnership and the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax
provision attributable to the Partnership’s share of this income tax is reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements.    Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method of accounting. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Current
and deferred tax liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  
      167
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Blackstone uses the flow-through method to account for investment tax credits. Under
this method, the investment tax credits are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense.    Blackstone analyzes its tax
filing positions in all of the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. Blackstone records uncertain tax positions on the
basis of a two-step process: (a) determination is made whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (b) those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not
threshold are recognized as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. Blackstone recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain
tax positions in General, Administrative and Other expenses within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Net Income (Loss) Per Common
Unit    Basic Income (Loss) Per Common Unit is calculated by dividing Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group
L.P. by the weighted-average number of common units and unvested participating common units outstanding for the period. Diluted Income (Loss) Per Common Unit reflects the assumed conversion of all dilutive securities. Diluted Income (Loss) Per
Common Unit excludes the anti-dilutive effect of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted common units, as applicable.  
 Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Agreements    Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repurchase agreements”) and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”), comprised primarily of
U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency securities, asset-backed securities and corporate debt, represent collateralized financing transactions. Such transactions are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at their
contractual amounts and include accrued interest. The carrying value of repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements approximates fair value.    The Partnership manages credit exposure arising from repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements by, in appropriate circumstances, entering into master netting agreements and collateral
arrangements with counterparties that provide the Partnership, in the event of a counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations.  
 The Partnership takes possession of securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and is permitted to repledge, deliver or
otherwise use such securities. The Partnership also pledges its financial instruments to counterparties to collateralize repurchase agreements. Financial instruments pledged that can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty are
recorded in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Blackstone does not offset assets and
liabilities relating to reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to offsetting are discussed in Note 12. “Offsetting of Assets and
Liabilities”.    Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased    Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased consist of equity and debt securities that the Partnership has borrowed and sold. The Partnership is required to “cover” its short sale in the future by
purchasing the security at  
      168
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
prevailing market prices and delivering it to the counterparty from which it borrowed the security. The Partnership is exposed to loss in the event that the price at which a security may have to
be purchased to cover a short sale exceeds the price at which the borrowed security was sold short.    Securities Sold, Not Yet
Purchased are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    Derivative Instruments  
 The Partnership recognizes all derivatives as assets or liabilities on its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value.
On the date the Partnership enters into a derivative contract, it designates and documents each derivative contract as one of the following: (a) a hedge of a recognized asset or liability (“fair value hedge”), (b) a hedge of a
forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability (“cash flow hedge”), (c) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, or (d) a derivative
instrument not designated as a hedging instrument (“freestanding derivative”). For a fair value hedge, Blackstone records changes in the fair value of the derivative and, to the extent that it is highly effective, changes in the fair value
of the hedged asset or liability attributable to the hedged risk, in current period earnings in General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as hedging
instruments caused by factors other than changes in the risk being hedged, which are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, are recognized in current period earnings.  
 The Partnership formally documents at inception its hedge relationships, including identification of the hedging instruments and the
hedged items, its risk management objectives, strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction and the Partnership’s evaluation of effectiveness of its hedged transaction. At least monthly, the Partnership also formally assesses whether the
derivative it designated in each hedging relationship is expected to be, and has been, highly effective in offsetting changes in estimated fair values or cash flows of the hedged items using either the regression analysis or the dollar offset
method. If it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is discontinued. The Partnership may also at any time remove a designation of a fair value hedge. The fair value of the
derivative instrument is reflected within Other Assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    For
freestanding derivative contracts, the Partnership presents changes in fair value in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments held by consolidated Blackstone Funds are reflected in Net Gains (Losses) from Fund
Investment Activities or, where derivative instruments are held by the Partnership, within Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of freestanding derivative assets are recorded within Investments and
freestanding derivative liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.    The Partnership has elected to not offset derivative assets and liabilities or financial assets in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, including cash, that may be received or paid as part
of collateral arrangements, even when an enforceable master netting agreement is in place that provides the Partnership, in the event of counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and
obligations.    Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 6.
“Derivative Financial Instruments”.  
      169
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Blackstone’s disclosures regarding offsetting are discussed in Note 12.
“Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities”.    Affiliates    Blackstone considers its Founder, senior managing directors, employees, the Blackstone Funds and the Portfolio Companies to be affiliates.    Distributions    Distributions are reflected in the consolidated financial
statements when declared.    Recent Accounting Developments    In April 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) amended existing guidance for agreements to transfer financial assets that both entitle and obligate the transferor to repurchase
or redeem the financial assets before their maturity. The amendments removed from the assessment of effective control (a) the criterion requiring the transferor to have the ability to repurchase or redeem the financial assets on substantially
the agreed terms, even in the event of default by the transferee and (b) the collateral maintenance implementation guidance related to that criterion. The guidance was effective for the first interim or annual period beginning on or after
December 15, 2011. Blackstone enters into repurchase agreements that are currently accounted for as collateralized financing transactions. Adoption did not have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial statements.  
 In May 2011, the FASB issued amended guidance on fair value measurements to achieve common fair value measurement and disclosure
requirements under GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The amended guidance specified that the concepts of highest and best use and valuation premise in a fair value measurement are relevant only when measuring the fair value of
nonfinancial assets and are not relevant when measuring the fair value of financial assets or of liabilities. The amendments included requirements specific to measuring the fair value of those instruments, such as equity interests used as
consideration in a business combination. An entity should measure the fair value of its own equity instrument from the perspective of a market participant that holds the instrument as an asset. With respect to financial instruments that are managed
as part of a portfolio, an exception to fair value requirements was provided. That exception permits a reporting entity to measure the fair value of such financial assets and financial liabilities at the price that would be received to sell a net
asset position for a particular risk or to transfer a net liability position for a particular risk in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The amendments also clarified that premiums and discounts should only
be applied if market participants would do so when pricing the asset or liability. Premiums and discounts related to the size of an entity’s holding (for example, a blockage factor) rather than as a characteristic of the asset or liability (for
example, a control premium) are not permitted in a fair value measurement.    The guidance also required enhanced disclosures
about fair value measurements, including, among other things, (a) for fair value measurements categorized within Level III of the fair value hierarchy, (1) a quantitative disclosure of the unobservable inputs and assumptions used in the
measurement, (2) the valuation process used by the reporting entity, and (3) a narrative description of the sensitivity of the fair value measurement to changes in unobservable inputs and the interrelationships between those unobservable
inputs, if any, and (b) the categorization by level of the fair value hierarchy for items that are not measured at fair value in the statement of  
      170
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
financial position but for which the fair value is required to be disclosed (for example, a financial instrument that is measured at amortized cost in the statement of financial position but for
which fair value is disclosed). The guidance also amended disclosure requirements for significant transfers between Level I and Level II and now requires disclosure of all transfers between Levels I and II in the fair value hierarchy.  
 The amended guidance was effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2011. As the impact of the guidance
is primarily limited to enhanced disclosures, adoption did not have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial statements.    In June 2011, the FASB issued amended guidance on the presentation of comprehensive income. The amendments provided an entity with an option to present the total of comprehensive income, the components of
net income and the components of other comprehensive income either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. In both choices, an entity was required to present each component of net
income along with total net income, each component of other comprehensive income along with a total for other comprehensive income, and a total amount for comprehensive income. In addition, an entity was required to present on the face of the
financial statements reclassification adjustments for items that were reclassified from other comprehensive income to net income in the statement(s) where the components of net income and the components of other comprehensive income were presented.
The guidance was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2011 and was to be applied on a retrospective basis. Adoption did not have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial
statements.    In December 2011, the FASB issued a deferral of the effective date for certain disclosures relating to
comprehensive income, specifically with respect to the presentation of reclassifications of items out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The deferral was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2011.    In February 2013, the FASB issued guidance on the reporting of amounts reclassified out of
accumulated other comprehensive income. The guidance did not change the requirement for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However, the amendments required an entity to provide information about the amounts
reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition, an entity is required to present, either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes to the financial statements, significant
amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period.
For other amounts that are not required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income, an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts.  
 The guidance was effective prospectively for periods beginning after December 15, 2012. Adoption had no impact on the
Partnership’s financial statements.    In September 2011, the FASB issued enhanced guidance on testing goodwill for
impairment. The amended guidance provides an entity with the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then
performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. However, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it  
      171
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
is required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting
unit. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the entity is required to perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss, if any. Under the amended guidance, an
entity has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test. An entity may resume performing the qualitative assessment in
any subsequent period. The amended guidance includes examples of events or circumstances that an entity must consider in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of reporting units is less than its carrying amount. The
amended guidance no longer permits the carry forward of detailed calculations of a reporting unit’s fair value from a prior year. The guidance is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2011. Blackstone adopted the guidance on October 1, 2012, the date of annual impairment testing. The amended guidance did not have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial statements.  
 In December 2011, the FASB issued guidance to enhance disclosures about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either
(a) offset or (b) subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement, irrespective of whether they are offset. Under the amended guidance, an entity is required to disclose quantitative information relating to
recognized assets and liabilities that are offset or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement, including (a) the gross amounts of those recognized assets and liabilities, (b) the amounts offset to determine
the net amount presented in the statement of financial position, and (c) the net amount presented in the statement of financial position. With respect to amounts subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement which
are not offset, disclosure is required of (a) the amounts related to recognized financial instruments and other derivative instruments, (b) the amount related to financial collateral (including cash collateral), and (c) the overall
net amount after considering amounts that have not been offset. The guidance was effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013 and interim periods within those annual periods and retrospective application is
required. As the amendments were limited to disclosure only, adoption did not have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial statements.    In January 2013, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the scope of disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. The amendments clarified that the scope of guidance issued in December 2011 to
enhance disclosures around financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either (a) offset, or (b) subject to a master netting agreement or similar agreement, irrespective of whether they are offset, applies to derivatives,
including bifurcated embedded derivatives, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or
similar agreement. The amendments were effective for interim and annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013. Adoption did not have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial statements.  
 In February 2013, the FASB issued guidance on the measurement of joint and several liability arrangements in which the total amount of
the obligation is fixed at the reporting date. The guidance requires entities to measure obligations from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation within the scope of the guidance is fixed at the
reporting date as the sum of (a) the amount the reporting entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors and (b) any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. The
guidance also requires an entity to disclose the nature and amount of the obligation as well as other information about those obligations. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2013. Adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial statements.  
      172
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  In March 2013, the FASB issued guidance on a parent entity’s accounting for
cumulative translation adjustment upon derecognition of certain subsidiaries or groups of assets within a foreign entity or of an investment in a foreign entity. When a parent entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or
a group of assets that is a business within a foreign entity, any related portion of the total cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation
of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. For an equity method investment that is a foreign entity, partial sale guidance applies. As such, a pro rata portion of the cumulative translation adjustment should be
released into net income upon a partial sale of such an equity method investment. For an equity method investment that is not a foreign entity, the cumulative translation adjustment is released into net income only if the partial sale represents a
complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity that contains the equity method investment. Additionally, the guidance clarifies that the sale of an investment in a foreign entity includes both (a) events that result in the
loss of a controlling financial interest in a foreign entity (that is, irrespective of any retained investment) and (b) events that result in an acquirer obtaining control of an acquiree in which it held an equity interest immediately before
the acquisition date (sometimes also referred to as a step acquisition). Accordingly, the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income upon the occurrence of those events. The guidance shall be applied on a prospective basis
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. The guidance should be applied to derecognition events occurring after the effective date. Prior periods should not be adjusted. Early adoption is
permitted. Adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial statements.    In April 2013,
the FASB issued guidance on when and how an entity should prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of accounting. The guidance requires an entity to prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of accounting when
liquidation is imminent. Financial statements prepared using the liquidation basis of accounting shall measure and present assets at the amount of the expected cash proceeds from liquidation. The presentation of assets shall include any items that
had not previously been recognized under GAAP but that it expects to either sell in liquidation or use in settling liabilities. Liabilities shall be recognized and measured in accordance with GAAP that otherwise applies to those liabilities. The
guidance requires an entity to accrue and separately present the costs that it expects to incur and the income that it expects to earn during the expected duration of the liquidation, including any costs associated with sale or settlement of those
assets and liabilities. The guidance requires disclosures about an entity’s plan for liquidation, the methods and significant assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities, the type and amount of costs and income accrued, and the expected
duration of the liquidation process. The guidance is effective for entities that determine liquidation is imminent during annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2013 and interim periods therein. The guidance should be applied
prospectively. Adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Partnership’s financial statements.    In June
2013, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the characteristics of an investment company and to provide guidance for assessing whether an entity is an investment company. Consistent with existing guidance for investment companies, all investments are
to be measured at fair value including non-controlling ownership interests in other investment companies. There are no changes to the current requirements relating to the retention of specialized accounting in the consolidated financial statements
of a non-investment company parent. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2013 and early application is prohibited. Adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Partnership’s
financial statements.  
      173
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

  3.    ACQUISITIONS, GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS  
  Acquisition of Strategic Partners Fund Solutions    On August 5, 2013, Blackstone completed its acquisition of Strategic Partners Fund Solutions, a secondary private fund of funds business, which resulted in an increase in Goodwill of
$83.8 million and an increase in Intangible Assets, primarily comprising contractual rights to earn future fee income, of $57.9 million. Goodwill arising from the acquisition has been allocated to the Private Equity segment.  
 Acquisition of Harbourmaster    On January 5, 2012, Blackstone completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding share capital of Harbourmaster Capital (Holdings) Limited (“Harbourmaster”), an Island of Jersey entity,
in accordance with the sale and purchase agreement entered into on October 6, 2011. The fair value of consideration transferred, comprised entirely of cash, was €181.4 million ($232.0 million). Harbourmaster is a European secured
bank loan manager based in Dublin, Ireland. Harbourmaster manages various credit products including CLO vehicles.    The
following is a summary of the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the Harbourmaster acquisition:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Purchase Price—Cash 
    
 $ 
 232,044 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 75,072 
    
 
   Investments in CLOs 
    
   
 9,305 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 9,329 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 17,651 
    
 
   Intangible Assets 
    
   
 142,221 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 253,578 
    
 
   Liabilities Assumed 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 21,534 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Assets Acquired 
    
 $ 
 232,044 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Harbourmaster’s results from the date of acquisition have been included in the Credit segment.
   The Partnership incurred $2.1 million of acquisition-related costs which were expensed as incurred and are reflected within
General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
 Goodwill has been allocated to each of the Partnership’s five segments as follows: Private Equity ($778.3 million), Real Estate
($421.7 million), Hedge Fund Solutions ($172.1 million), Credit ($346.4 million) and Financial Advisory ($68.9 million).    The carrying value of goodwill was $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2013 and $1.7 billion as of December 31, 2012. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Partnership evaluated that
it was not more likely than not that the fair value of its operating segments was less than their respective carrying values.  
      174
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Intangible Assets, Net consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Finite-Lived Intangible Assets / Contractual Rights 
    
 $ 
 1,594,128 
    
   
 $ 
 1,536,244 
    
 
   Accumulated Amortization 
    
   
 (1,033,380 
 )  
   
   
 (937,709 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
 $ 
 560,748 
    
   
 $ 
 598,535 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Changes in the Partnership’s Intangible Assets, Net consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Balance, Beginning of Year 
    
 $ 
 598,535 
    
   
 $ 
 595,488 
    
   
 $ 
 779,311 
    
 
   Amortization Expense 
    
   
 (95,671 
 )  
   
   
 (139,174 
 )  
   
   
 (207,591 
 )  
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 57,884 
    
   
   
 142,221 
    
   
   
 23,768 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Year 
    
 $ 
 560,748 
    
   
 $ 
 598,535 
    
   
 $ 
 595,488 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Amortization of Intangible Assets held at December 31, 2013 is expected to be $102.3 million,
$95.8 million, $85.6 million, $46.5 million, and $46.5 million for each of the years ending December 31, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively. Blackstone’s intangible assets as of December 31, 2013 are
expected to amortize over a weighted-average period of 7.4 years.  
  4.    INVESTMENTS  
  Investments consist of the following:      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
 $ 
 12,521,248 
    
    
 $ 
 14,026,745 
    
 
   Equity Method Investments 
    
   
 3,309,879 
    
    
   
 2,582,504 
    
 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
    
   
 1,104,800 
    
    
   
 1,411,680 
    
 
   Performance Fees 
    
   
 4,674,792 
    
    
   
 2,780,217 
    
 
   Other Investments 
    
   
 118,804 
    
    
   
 46,124 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 21,729,523 
    
    
 $ 
 20,847,270 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Blackstone’s share of Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds totaled $487.8 million and
$500.5 million at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively.  
      175
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds  
 The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on investments held by the consolidated Blackstone
Funds and a reconciliation to Other Income—Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Realized Gains (Losses) 
    
 $ 
 205,741 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,502 
 )  
   
 $ 
 226,427 
    
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
    
   
 (26,800 
 )  
   
   
 58,602 
    
   
   
 (308,364 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) from Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 178,941 
    
   
   
 55,100 
    
   
   
 (81,937 
 )  
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue Attributable to Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 202,723 
    
   
   
 201,045 
    
   
   
 96,872 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Income—Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities 
    
 $ 
 381,664 
    
   
 $ 
 256,145 
    
   
 $ 
 14,935 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Equity Method Investments    Blackstone’s equity method investments include its investments in private equity funds, real estate funds, funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds and other proprietary investments, which are
not consolidated but in which the Partnership exerts significant influence.    Blackstone evaluates each of its equity method
investments to determine if any were significant as defined by guidance from the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. As of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, no individual equity method investment held by
Blackstone met the significance criteria. As such, Blackstone is not required to present separate financial statements for any of its equity method investments.    Blackstone holds a 40% non-controlling equity interest in Pátria Investments Limited and Pátria Investimentos Ltda. (collectively, “Pátria”) and accounts for this interest
using the equity method of accounting.    The Partnership recognized net gains related to its equity method investments of
$591.9 million, $199.7 million and $135.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
      176
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity method investments
for December 31, 2013 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 35,516,755 
    
   
 $ 
 57,053,881 
    
   
 $ 
 11,529,163 
    
   
 $ 
 12,150,918 
    
   
 $ 
 26,839 
    
   
 $ 
 116,277,556 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 389,265 
    
   
   
 3,441,977 
    
   
   
 1,114,404 
    
   
   
 2,678,742 
    
   
   
 128,826 
    
   
   
 7,753,214 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 35,906,020 
    
   
 $ 
 60,495,858 
    
   
 $ 
 12,643,567 
    
   
 $ 
 14,829,660 
    
   
 $ 
 155,665 
    
   
 $ 
 124,030,770 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 1,691,018 
    
   
 $ 
 3,013,762 
    
   
 $ 
 63,830 
    
   
 $ 
 1,165,405 
    
   
 $ 
 967 
    
   
 $ 
 5,934,982 
    
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 54,909 
    
   
   
 886,445 
    
   
   
 689,964 
    
   
   
 1,131,557 
    
   
   
 14,222 
    
   
   
 2,777,097 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 1,745,927 
    
   
   
 3,900,207 
    
   
   
 753,794 
    
   
   
 2,296,962 
    
   
   
 15,189 
    
   
   
 8,712,079 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 34,160,093 
    
   
   
 56,595,651 
    
   
   
 11,889,773 
    
   
   
 12,532,698 
    
   
   
 140,476 
    
   
   
 115,318,691 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 35,906,020 
    
   
 $ 
 60,495,858 
    
   
 $ 
 12,643,567 
    
   
 $ 
 14,829,660 
    
   
 $ 
 155,665 
    
   
 $ 
 124,030,770 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 294,171 
    
   
 $ 
 140,879 
    
   
 $ 
 224 
    
   
 $ 
 630,902 
    
   
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 1,066,180 
    
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 10,580 
    
   
   
 752,184 
    
   
   
 89,632 
    
   
   
 30,937 
    
   
   
 101,214 
    
   
   
 984,547 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (37,846 
 )  
   
   
 (51,544 
 )  
   
   
 (310 
 )  
   
   
 (68,973 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (158,673 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (88,957 
 )  
   
   
 (108,580 
 )  
   
   
 (71,326 
 )  
   
   
 (105,706 
 )  
   
   
 (65,197 
 )  
   
   
 (439,766 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain from Investments 
   
   
 9,002,197 
    
   
   
 13,225,141 
    
   
   
 1,127,173 
    
   
   
 1,979,078 
    
   
   
 2,944 
    
   
   
 25,336,533 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 9,180,145 
    
   
 $ 
 13,958,080 
    
   
 $ 
 1,145,393 
    
   
 $ 
 2,466,238 
    
   
 $ 
 38,965 
    
   
 $ 
 26,788,821 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been allocated across more than
one of Blackstone’s segments.  
      177
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity method investments
for December 31, 2012 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 31,308,915 
    
   
 $ 
 40,230,098 
    
   
 $ 
 8,193,041 
    
   
 $ 
 11,066,214 
    
   
 $ 
 22,345 
    
   
 $ 
 90,820,613 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 1,289,961 
    
   
   
 1,714,990 
    
   
   
 1,173,627 
    
   
   
 2,516,388 
    
   
   
 46,178 
    
   
   
 6,741,144 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 32,598,876 
    
   
 $ 
 41,945,088 
    
   
 $ 
 9,366,668 
    
   
 $ 
 13,582,602 
    
   
 $ 
 68,523 
    
   
 $ 
 97,561,757 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 1,478,929 
    
   
 $ 
 1,336,305 
    
   
 $ 
 65,103 
    
   
 $ 
 1,043,595 
    
   
 $ 
 972 
    
   
 $ 
 3,924,904 
    
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 91,519 
    
   
   
 703,412 
    
   
   
 642,925 
    
   
   
 1,401,910 
    
   
   
 20,192 
    
   
   
 2,859,958 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 1,570,448 
    
   
   
 2,039,717 
    
   
   
 708,028 
    
   
   
 2,445,505 
    
   
   
 21,164 
    
   
   
 6,784,862 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 31,028,428 
    
   
   
 39,905,371 
    
   
   
 8,658,640 
    
   
   
 11,137,097 
    
   
   
 47,359 
    
   
   
 90,776,895 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 32,598,876 
    
   
 $ 
 41,945,088 
    
   
 $ 
 9,366,668 
    
   
 $ 
 13,582,602 
    
   
 $ 
 68,523 
    
   
 $ 
 97,561,757 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 350,153 
    
   
 $ 
 128,624 
    
   
 $ 
 194 
    
   
 $ 
 712,490 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,191,461 
    
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 13,255 
    
   
   
 294,105 
    
   
   
 36,797 
    
   
   
 7,283 
    
   
   
 76,809 
    
   
   
 428,249 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (23,060 
 )  
   
   
 (39,103 
 )  
   
   
 (1,024 
 )  
   
   
 (60,082 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (123,269 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (48,926 
 )  
   
   
 (64,569 
 )  
   
   
 (60,114 
 )  
   
   
 (101,451 
 )  
   
   
 (48,744 
 )  
   
   
 (323,804 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain from Investments 
   
   
 3,916,697 
    
   
   
 4,979,027 
    
   
   
 798,892 
    
   
   
 1,362,351 
    
   
   
 1,014 
    
   
   
 11,057,981 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 4,208,119 
    
   
 $ 
 5,298,084 
    
   
 $ 
 774,745 
    
   
 $ 
 1,920,591 
    
   
 $ 
 29,079 
    
   
 $ 
 12,230,618 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been allocated across more than
one of Blackstone’s segments.  
      178
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The summarized financial information of the Partnership’s equity method investments
for December 31, 2011 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2011 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
   
 Private Equity 

   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Other (a) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Statement of Financial Condition 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 25,788,678 
    
   
 $ 
 29,856,855 
    
   
 $ 
 6,322,821 
    
   
 $ 
 8,887,081 
    
   
 $ 
 5,018 
    
   
 $ 
 70,860,453 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 321,271 
    
   
   
 1,736,245 
    
   
   
 1,167,162 
    
   
   
 2,355,318 
    
   
   
 51,153 
    
   
   
 5,631,149 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 26,109,949 
    
   
 $ 
 31,593,100 
    
   
 $ 
 7,489,983 
    
   
 $ 
 11,242,399 
    
   
 $ 
 56,171 
    
   
 $ 
 76,491,602 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debt 
   
 $ 
 863,672 
    
   
 $ 
 1,384,867 
    
   
 $ 
 123,925 
    
   
 $ 
 444,313 
    
   
 $ 
 979 
    
   
 $ 
 2,817,756 
    
 
   Other Liabilities 
   
   
 194,873 
    
   
   
 334,175 
    
   
   
 461,854 
    
   
   
 848,534 
    
   
   
 25,740 
    
   
   
 1,865,176 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 1,058,545 
    
   
   
 1,719,042 
    
   
   
 585,779 
    
   
   
 1,292,847 
    
   
   
 26,719 
    
   
   
 4,682,932 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 25,051,404 
    
   
   
 29,874,058 
    
   
   
 6,904,204 
    
   
   
 9,949,552 
    
   
   
 29,452 
    
   
   
 71,808,670 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 26,109,949 
    
   
 $ 
 31,593,100 
    
   
 $ 
 7,489,983 
    
   
 $ 
 11,242,399 
    
   
 $ 
 56,171 
    
   
 $ 
 76,491,602 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
   
 $ 
 116 
    
   
 $ 
 82,166 
    
   
 $ 
 89 
    
   
 $ 
 581,090 
    
   
 $ 
 2 
    
   
 $ 
 663,463 
    
 
   Other Income 
   
   
 516,729 
    
   
   
 159,400 
    
   
   
 19,275 
    
   
   
 26,760 
    
   
   
 66,456 
    
   
   
 788,620 
    
 
   Interest Expense 
   
   
 (14,826 
 )  
   
   
 (19,142 
 )  
   
   
 (172 
 )  
   
   
 (24,672 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (58,812 
 )  
 
   Other Expenses 
   
   
 (50,591 
 )  
   
   
 (54,907 
 )  
   
   
 (51,063 
 )  
   
   
 (78,427 
 )  
   
   
 (25,040 
 )  
   
   
 (260,028 
 )  
 
   Net Realized and Unrealized Gain (Loss) from Investments 
   
   
 1,510,622 
    
   
   
 4,086,549 
    
   
   
 (71,790 
 )  
   
   
 380,609 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,905,990 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) 
   
 $ 
 1,962,050 
    
   
 $ 
 4,254,066 
    
   
 $ 
 (103,661 
 )  
   
 $ 
 885,360 
    
   
 $ 
 41,418 
    
   
 $ 
 7,039,233 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Other represents the summarized financial information of equity method investments whose results, for segment reporting purposes, have been allocated across more than
one of Blackstone’s segments.    Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies  
 The portion of Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies included in Investments represents the Partnership’s liquid
investments in government, other investment and non-investment grade securities and other investments. These strategies are primarily managed by third party institutions. The following table presents the realized and net change in unrealized gains
(losses) on investments held by Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Realized Gains (Losses) 
    
 $ 
 (5,793 
 )  
   
 $ 
 9,095 
    
   
 $ 
 9,738 
    
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
    
   
 (9,342 
 )  
   
   
 (502 
 )  
   
   
 641 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (15,135 
 )  
   
 $ 
 8,593 
    
   
 $ 
 10,379 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      179
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Performance Fees    Performance Fees allocated to the general partner in respect of performance of certain Carry Funds, funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
    
   
   
   
   


 
   Performance Fees, December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 780,474 
    
   
 $ 
 1,633,279 
    
   
 $ 
 6,214 
    
   
 $ 
 360,250 
    
   
 $ 
 2,780,217 
    
 
   Performance Fees Allocated as a Result of Changes in Fund Fair Values 
    
   
 614,554 
    
   
   
 2,084,222 
    
   
   
 68,609 
    
   
   
 214,372 
    
   
   
 2,981,757 
    
 
   Foreign Exchange Gain 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,733 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,733 
    
 
   Fund Distributions 
    
   
 (423,168 
 )  
   
   
 (456,628 
 )  
   
   
 (65,355 
 )  
   
   
 (149,764 
 )  
   
   
 (1,094,915 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees, December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 971,860 
    
   
 $ 
 3,268,606 
    
   
 $ 
 9,468 
    
   
 $ 
 424,858 
    
   
 $ 
 4,674,792 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Other Investments    Other Investments consist primarily of proprietary investment securities held by Blackstone. The following table presents Blackstone’s realized and net change in unrealized gains (losses) in other
investments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Realized Gains 
    
 $ 
 13,468 
    
   
 $ 
 743 
    
   
 $ 
 948 
    
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
    
   
 (6,758 
 )  
   
   
 (371 
 )  
   
   
 (21,968 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,710 
    
   
 $ 
 372 
    
   
 $ 
 (21,020 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  5.    NET ASSET VALUE AS FAIR VALUE  
  A summary of fair value by strategy type alongside the remaining unfunded commitments and ability to redeem such
investments as of December 31, 2013 is presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Strategy 
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Unfunded Commitments 
   
    
 Redemption Frequency (if currently eligible) 
   
   
 Redemption Notice Period 
   


 
   Diversified Instruments 
    
 $ 
 142,547 
    
    
 $ 
 3,590 
    
    
   
 (a 
 )  
   
   
 (a 
 )  
 
   Credit Driven 
    
   
 180,996 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (b 
 )  
   
   
 (b 
 )  
 
   Event Driven 
    
   
 121,455 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (c 
 )  
   
   
 (c 
 )  
 
   Equity 
    
   
 424,971 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (d 
 )  
   
   
 (d 
 )  
 
   Commodities 
    
   
 58,621 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (e 
 )  
   
   
 (e 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 928,590 
    
    
 $ 
 3,590 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Diversified Instruments include investments in funds that invest across multiple strategies. Investments representing 65% of the fair value of the
investments in this category may not be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date. Investments representing 28% of the fair value of the investments in this category represent investments in hedge funds that are in the process of
liquidating. Distributions from these funds will be received as underlying investments are liquidated. The time at which this redemption  
      180
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 
 
   
 
restriction may lapse cannot be estimated. The remaining 7% of investments in this category are redeemable as of the reporting date. As of the reporting date, the investee fund manager had
elected to side-pocket 18% of Blackstone’s investments in this category.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The Credit Driven category includes investments in hedge funds that invest primarily in domestic and international bonds. Investments representing 94% of the fair value
of the investments in this category may not be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date. Investments representing 6% of the total fair value in the credit driven category are subject to redemption restrictions at the discretion of
the investee fund manager who may choose (but may not have exercised such ability) to side-pocket such investments. As of the reporting date, the investee fund manager had not elected to side-pocket any of Blackstone’s investments in this
category.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The Event Driven category includes investments in hedge funds whose primary investing strategy is to identify certain event-driven investments. Withdrawals are not
permitted in this category. Distributions will be received as the underlying investments are liquidated.  
 
 
 (d) 
 The Equity category includes investments in hedge funds that invest primarily in domestic and international equity securities. Withdrawals are generally not permitted
for the investments in this category. Distributions will be received as the underlying investments are liquidated.  
 
 
 (e) 
 The Commodities category includes investments in commodities-focused funds that primarily invest in futures and physical-based commodity driven strategies. Withdrawals
are not permitted for investments representing 95% of the fair value of investments in this category. Distributions will be received as the underlying investments are liquidated. The remaining 5% of the fair value of the investments in this category
may not be redeemed at, or within three months of, the reporting date.  
  6.    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
  Blackstone and the Blackstone Funds enter into derivative contracts in the normal course of business to achieve certain
risk management objectives and for general investment purposes. Additionally, Blackstone may enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge its interest rate risk exposure against the effects of interest rate changes. As a result of the use of
derivative contracts, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds are exposed to the risk that counterparties will fail to fulfill their contractual obligations. To mitigate such counterparty risk, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone
Funds enter into contracts with certain major financial institutions, all of which have investment grade ratings. Counterparty credit risk is evaluated in determining the fair value of derivative instruments.  
 Fair Value Hedges    In
June 2012, Blackstone removed the fair value designation of its interest rate swaps that were previously used to hedge a portion of the interest rate risk on the Partnership’s fixed rate borrowings. The impact to the Consolidated Statements of
Operations for the period up through the date of de-designation is reflected within “Fair Value Hedges” in the table below. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps subsequent to the date of de-designation are reflected within
Freestanding Derivatives within Interest Rate Contracts in the table below.    Freestanding Derivatives  
 Freestanding derivatives are instruments that Blackstone and certain of the consolidated Blackstone Funds have entered into as part of
their overall risk management and investment strategies. These derivative contracts are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Such contracts may include interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts, equity swaps, options,
futures and other derivative contracts.  
      181
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The table below summarizes the aggregate notional amount and fair value of the
derivative financial instruments. The notional amount represents the absolute value amount of all outstanding derivative contracts.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Assets 
   
   
 Liabilities 
   
   
 Assets 
   
   
 Liabilities 
   
 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Blackstone—Other 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
 $ 
 1,994,276 
    
   
 $ 
 8,521 
    
   
 $ 
 1,083,140 
    
   
 $ 
 2,676 
    
   
 $ 
 689,300 
    
   
 $ 
 55,270 
    
   
 $ 
 636,555 
    
   
 $ 
 4,116 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 166,066 
    
   
   
 1,480 
    
   
   
 163,787 
    
   
   
 1,015 
    
   
   
 16,771 
    
   
   
 74 
    
   
   
 7,025 
    
   
   
 81 
    
 
   Total Return Swaps 
   
   
 326,929 
    
   
   
 342 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,000 
    
   
   
 591 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 396,569 
    
   
   
 30,830 
    
   
   
 239,037 
    
   
   
 10,018 
    
   
   
 435,229 
    
   
   
 37,898 
    
   
   
 301,551 
    
   
   
 17,101 
    
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 62,193 
    
   
   
 3,726 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 165,517 
    
   
   
 6,132 
    
   
   
 90,500 
    
   
   
 772 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 2,946,033 
    
   
 $ 
 44,899 
    
   
 $ 
 1,495,964 
    
   
 $ 
 14,300 
    
   
 $ 
 1,306,817 
    
   
 $ 
 99,374 
    
   
 $ 
 1,035,631 
    
   
 $ 
 22,070 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The table below summarizes the impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations from derivative
financial instruments:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Fair Value Hedges—Interest Rate Swaps 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Hedge Ineffectiveness 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 548 
    
   
 $ 
 4,649 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Excluded from Assessment of Effectiveness 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (938 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (3,465 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized Gain 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 22,941 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized Gains (Losses) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
 $ 
 34,206 
    
   
 $ 
 (2,752 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (8,634 
 )  
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 4,022 
    
   
   
 (3,816 
 )  
   
   
 1,739 
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
    
   
 752 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (111 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (153 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 38,980 
    
   
 $ 
 (6,569 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (7,159 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
 $ 
 (1,947 
 )  
   
 $ 
 12,134 
    
   
 $ 
 8,718 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 2,636 
    
   
   
 (5,523 
 )  
   
   
 (33,408 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 392 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,081 
    
   
 $ 
 6,611 
    
   
 $ 
 (24,697 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      182
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Since the inception of the above mentioned hedge designation, Blackstone recognized a
$64.2 million increase in the fair value of the hedged borrowing. This basis adjustment is being accreted using the effective interest method through August 15, 2019, the remaining term of the hedged borrowing.  
 As of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Partnership had not designated any derivatives as cash flow hedges or hedges of net
investments in foreign operations.  
  7.    FAIR VALUE OPTION  
  The following table summarizes the financial instruments for which the fair value option has been elected:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
 $ 
 137,788 
    
    
 $ 
 30,663 
    
 
   Equity and Preferred Securities 
    
   
 88,568 
    
    
   
 16,147 
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 8,466,889 
    
    
   
 11,053,513 
    
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 161,382 
    
    
   
 162,456 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 41,061 
    
    
   
 18,285 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 8,895,688 
    
    
 $ 
 11,281,064 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 8,302,572 
    
    
 $ 
 10,695,136 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 610,435 
    
    
   
 846,471 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 8,913,007 
    
    
 $ 
 11,541,607 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table presents the realized and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on financial
instruments on which the fair value option was elected:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
   
 Realized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Realized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   
   
 Realized Gains 
   
   
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
   


 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
 $ 
 43 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,101 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (308 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (375 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (228 
 )  
 
   Equity and Preferred Securities 
   
   
 (2,833 
 )  
   
   
 7,273 
    
   
   
 (353 
 )  
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
   
   
 37,464 
    
   
   
 172,968 
    
   
   
 (35,428 
 )  
   
   
 554,628 
    
   
   
 76,314 
    
   
   
 (396,946 
 )  
 
   Corporate Bonds 
   
   
 4,510 
    
   
   
 (5,058 
 )  
   
   
 393 
    
   
   
 13,264 
    
   
   
 1,099 
    
   
   
 (7,605 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
   
 2,647 
    
   
   
 (476 
 )  
   
   
 2,425 
    
   
   
 11,889 
    
   
   
 13,296 
    
   
   
 29,908 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 41,831 
    
   
 $ 
 173,606 
    
   
 $ 
 (33,271 
 )  
   
 $ 
 579,906 
    
   
 $ 
 90,709 
    
   
 $ 
 (374,871 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes 
   
 $ 
 (6,078 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (485,655 
 )  
   
 $ 
 17 
    
   
 $ 
 (603,250 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5,798 
    
   
 $ 
 58,067 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 96,991 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (69,141 
 )  
   
   
 4,694 
    
   
   
 44,061 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 (6,078 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (388,664 
 )  
   
 $ 
 17 
    
   
 $ 
 (672,391 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,492 
    
   
 $ 
 102,128 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      183
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The following table presents information for those financial instruments for which the
fair value option was elected:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   
   
   
 For Financial Assets Past Due (a) 
   
   
   
   
   
 For Financial Assets Past Due (a) 
   
 
   
    
 Excess (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Excess (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
   
 Excess (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Excess (Deficiency) of Fair Value Over Principal 
   


 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
 $ 
 (533 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 (292 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 (281,254 
 )  
   
   
 57,837 
    
    
   
 (176,379 
 )  
   
   
 (586,450 
 )  
   
   
 35,322 
    
    
   
 (73,291 
 )  
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 (1,789 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (984 
 )  
   
   
 831 
    
    
   
 (44 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (283,576 
 )  
   
 $ 
 57,837 
    
    
 $ 
 (176,379 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (587,726 
 )  
   
 $ 
 36,153 
    
    
 $ 
 (73,335 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Corporate Loans and Corporate Bonds within CLO assets are classified as past due if contractual payments are more than one day past due.  
 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, no Loans and Receivables for which the fair value option was elected were past due or in
non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2013, no Corporate Bonds included within the Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles for which the fair value option was elected were past due or in non-accrual status.  
      184
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

  8.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  
  The following tables summarize the valuation of the Partnership’s financial assets and liabilities by the fair
value hierarchy:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Level I 
   
   
 Level II 
   
   
 Level III 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 897,843 
    
   
 $ 
 897,843 
    
 
   Equity Securities 
   
   
 51,147 
    
   
   
 130,816 
    
   
   
 193,699 
    
   
   
 375,662 
    
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 88,555 
    
   
   
 1,254,903 
    
   
   
 1,343,458 
    
 
   Debt Instruments 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,154,902 
    
   
   
 45,495 
    
   
   
 1,200,397 
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7,537,661 
    
   
   
 929,228 
    
   
   
 8,466,889 
    
 
   Corporate Bonds 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 161,382 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 161,382 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives—Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 30,830 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 30,830 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives—Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,726 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,726 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 3,477 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 37,584 
    
   
   
 41,061 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
   
 54,624 
    
   
   
 9,107,872 
    
   
   
 3,358,752 
    
   
   
 12,521,248 
    
 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
   
   
 19,629 
    
   
   
 1,041,039 
    
   
   
 44,132 
    
   
   
 1,104,800 
    
 
   Money Market Funds 
   
   
 173,781 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 173,781 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 7,423 
    
   
   
 1,098 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,521 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,480 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,480 
    
 
   Total Return Swaps 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 342 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 342 
    
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 137,788 
    
   
   
 137,788 
    
 
   Other Investments 
   
   
 87,068 
    
   
   
 17,270 
    
   
   
 14,466 
    
   
   
 118,804 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 342,525 
    
   
 $ 
 10,169,101 
    
   
 $ 
 3,555,138 
    
   
 $ 
 14,066,764 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles (a) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 8,302,572 
    
   
 $ 
 8,302,572 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 610,435 
    
   
   
 610,435 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives—Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,018 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,018 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
   
 2,484 
    
   
   
 192 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,676 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,015 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,015 
    
 
   Credit Default Swaps 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 591 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 591 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 76,195 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 76,195 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 2,484 
    
   
 $ 
 88,011 
    
   
 $ 
 8,913,007 
    
   
 $ 
 9,003,502 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      185
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Level I 
   
    
 Level II 
   
    
 Level III 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,799 
    
    
 $ 
 890,465 
    
    
 $ 
 892,264 
    
 
   Equity Securities 
    
   
 95,898 
    
    
   
 28,654 
    
    
   
 217,060 
    
    
   
 341,612 
    
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
    
   
 212 
    
    
   
 12,375 
    
    
   
 581,151 
    
    
   
 593,738 
    
 
   Debt Instruments 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 903,123 
    
    
   
 17,724 
    
    
   
 920,847 
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Loans 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 9,775,070 
    
    
   
 1,278,443 
    
    
   
 11,053,513 
    
 
   Corporate Bonds 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 146,625 
    
    
   
 15,831 
    
    
   
 162,456 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives—Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 37,898 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 37,898 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives—Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,132 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,132 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,260 
    
    
   
 17,025 
    
    
   
 18,285 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 96,110 
    
    
   
 10,912,936 
    
    
   
 3,017,699 
    
    
   
 14,026,745 
    
 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
    
   
 672,766 
    
    
   
 737,708 
    
    
   
 1,206 
    
    
   
 1,411,680 
    
 
   Money Market Funds 
    
   
 129,549 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 129,549 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 486 
    
    
   
 54,784 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 55,270 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 74 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 74 
    
 
   Loans and Receivables 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 30,663 
    
    
   
 30,663 
    
 
   Other Investments 
    
   
 12,443 
    
    
   
 6,783 
    
    
   
 26,898 
    
    
   
 46,124 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 911,354 
    
    
 $ 
 11,712,285 
    
    
 $ 
 3,076,466 
    
    
 $ 
 15,700,105 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles (a) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 10,695,136 
    
    
 $ 
 10,695,136 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 846,471 
    
    
   
 846,471 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives—Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 17,101 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 17,101 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives—Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 772 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 772 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
    
   
 277 
    
    
   
 3,839 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,116 
    
 
   Foreign Currency Contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 81 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 81 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 226,425 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 226,425 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 277 
    
    
 $ 
 248,218 
    
    
 $ 
 11,541,607 
    
    
 $ 
 11,790,102 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Pursuant to GAAP consolidation guidance, the Partnership is required to consolidate all VIEs in which it has been identified as the primary beneficiary, including
certain CLO vehicles, and other funds in which a consolidated entity of the Partnership, as the general partner of the fund, is presumed to have control. While the Partnership is required to consolidate certain funds, including CLO vehicles, for
GAAP purposes, the Partnership has no ability to utilize the assets of these funds and there is no recourse to the Partnership for their liabilities since these are client assets and liabilities.  
      186
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The following table summarizes the fair value transfers between Level I and Level II for
positions that existed as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Transfers from Level I into Level II (a) 
    
 $ 
 28,670 
    
    
 $ 
 15,928 
    
 
   Transfers from Level II into Level I (b) 
    
 $ 
 1,308 
    
    
 $ 
 588 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Transfers out of Level I represent those financial instruments for which restrictions exist and adjustments were made to an otherwise observable price to reflect fair
value at the reporting date.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Transfers into Level I represent those financial instruments for which an unadjusted quoted price in an active market became available for the identical asset.
   The following table summarizes the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items categorized in Level III
of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Financial Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
   
 $ 
 897,843 
    
   
 NAV as Fair Value 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Equity Securities 
   
   
 112,117 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate   Revenue CAGR 
 Exit Multiple-EBITDA   Exit Multiple-P/E 
   
 9.2% - 26.3%   0.9% - 46.2%   5.0x - 14.0x 
 8.5x - 17.0x 
   
       
       
 12.4   6.8 
 8.9 
 9.8 
 %    %  
 x    x  
 
 
   
   
 78,154 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 275 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 6.3x - 7.5x 
   
   
 6.9 
 x  
 
 
   
   
 50 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 3,103 
    
   
 Other 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
   
   
 557,534 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate   Revenue CAGR 
 Exit Multiple-EBITDA Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
 5.0% - 22.5%   -0.7% - 17.7%   3.0x - 23.3x 
 4.3% - 10.5% 
   
       
       
 9.0   5.5 
 9.4 
 7.0 
 %    %  
 x    %  
 
 
   
   
 687,246 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 9,181 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 942 
    
   
 Other 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Debt Instruments 
   
   
 11,814 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate   Revenue CAGR 
 Exit Multiple-EBITDA 
 Exit Capitalization Rate Default Rate   Recovery Rate   Recovery Lag   Pre-payment Rate   Reinvestment Rate 
   
 10.7% - 21.0%   4.8% - 5.5%   5.8x - 11.1x 
 6.4% - 7.5%   2.0%   67.0%   12 months   20.0%   LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
       
       
       
       
   
 19.2   4.8 
 10.8 
 6.7   N/A 
 N/A   N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 %    %  
 x    %  
         
         
    
 
 
   
   
 31,675 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 1,772 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 234 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 6.2x - 8.0x 
   
   
 6.2 
 x  
      continued
…  

      187
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Assets of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 $ 
 615,414 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 293,382 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 3.5x - 11.3x 
   
   
 7.3 
 x  
 
 
   
   
 57,936 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate   Revenue CAGR 
 Exit Multiple-EBITDA 
   
 7.0% - 14.0% 
 4.2%   8.0x 
   
       
   
 7.8   N/A 
 N/A 
 %       
    
 
 
   
   
 80 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
   
 3,358,752 
    
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
   
   
 17,040 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Default Rate   Recovery Rate 
 Recovery Lag   Pre-payment Rate 
 Reinvestment Rate   Discount
Rate 
   
 2.0% 30.0% - 70.0% 12 months 20.0% LIBOR + 400 bps 6.0% - 8.6% 
   
         
       
   
 N/A 66.0   N/A 
 N/A   N/A 
 6.6 
    %       
         
 %  
 
 
   
   
 16,993 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 10,099 
    
   
 NAV as Fair Value 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 137,788 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 11.0% - 14.8% 
   
   
 12.6 
 %  
 
   Other Investments 
   
   
 7,927 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 3,725 
    
   
 NAV as Fair Value 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 2,814 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 12.5% 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 3,555,138 
    
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Financial Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 $ 
 8,913,007 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% -3.0% 
   
   
 2.1 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 30.0% - 70.0% 
   
   
 66.0 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 months 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate 
   
 5.0% -20.0% 
   
   
 18.0 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 0.4% - 24.2% 
   
   
 2.6 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
   
 N/A 
    
   The following table summarizes the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items categorized in
Level III of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Financial Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investment Funds 
   
 $ 
 890,465 
    
   
 NAV as Fair Value 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Equity Securities 
   
   
 151,899 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate Revenue CAGR Exit Multiple-EBITDA Exit Multiple-P/E 
   
 8.4% - 25.1%   0.7% -83.4%   5.8x - 11.5x   8.5x - 17.0x 
   
       
       
 11.2   5.6 
 9.2 
 10.1x 
 %    %  
 x       
 
 
   
   
 61,479 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 1,602 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 Book Value Multiple EBITDA Multiple 
   
 0.9x   5.0x - 8.7x 
   
       
 N/A   7.8x 
         
 
 
   
   
 200 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 1,880 
    
   
 Other 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Partnership and LLC Interests 
   
   
 562,678 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate   Revenue CAGR 
 Exit Multiple-EBITDA Exit Capitalization Rate 
   
 5.3% - 22.6%   -8.2% - 62.0%   4.5x - 15.4x 
 1.0% - 10.5% 
   
       
       
 8.9   5.3 
 10.0x 
 7.0 
 %    %  
      %  
 
 
   
   
 13,316 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 5,157 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
      188
 

  continued …  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
 Unobservable Inputs 
   
 Ranges 
   
 Weighted Average (a) 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Debt Instruments 
   
 $ 
 13,056 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate   Revenue CAGR 
 Exit Multiple-EBITDA Exit Capitalization Rate Default Rate   Recovery Rate Recovery Lag   Pre-payment Rate Reinvestment Rate 
   
 7.8% - 42.0% 2.9% -5.1%   9.5x   7.0% -7.5%   2.0%   70.0%   12 months   20.0%   LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
       
       
       
       
   
 15.6   3.8 
 N/A   7.1 
 N/A   N/A 
 N/A   N/A 
 N/A 
 %    %  
      %  
         
         
    
 
 
   
   
 4,004 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 664 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 6.5x-7.5x 
   
   
 6.7x 
    
 
   Assets of Consolidated 
   
   
 900,146 
    
   
 Third Party Pricing 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   CLO Vehicles 
   
   
 278,972 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple Liquidity Discount 
   
 2.0x - 13.0x 
 1.0% - 25.0% 
   
       
 6.5x   8.4 
      %  
 
 
   
   
 132,171 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 7.0% - 15.7% 
   
   
 9.3 
 %  
 
 
   
   
 10 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds 
   
   
 3,017,699 
    
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies 
   
   
 1,006 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Default Rate   Recovery Rate Recovery Lag 
 Pre-payment Rate Discount Rate Reinvestment Rate 
   
 2.0%   70.0%   12 months   20.0%   12.0%   LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
                       
 N/A   N/A 
 N/A   N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
         
         
         

 
 
   
   
 200 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 30,620 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 11.8% - 25.9% 
   
   
 13.7 
 %  
 
 
   
   
 43 
    
   
 Market Comparable Companies 
   
 EBITDA Multiple 
   
 8.7x 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Other Investments 
   
   
 17,901 
    
   
 NAV as Fair Value 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 5,647 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 12.5% 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
   
 3,350 
    
   
 Transaction Price 
   
 N/A 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 3,076,466 
    
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Financial Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
   
 $ 
 11,541,607 
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flows 
   
 Default Rate 
   
 2.0% - 5.0% 
   
   
 2.1 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Rate 
   
 30.0% -70.0% 
   
   
 66.0 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Recovery Lag 
   
 12 months 
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Pre-payment Rate 
   
 5.0% - 20.0% 
   
   
 18.0 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Discount Rate 
   
 1.1% - 50.0% 
   
   
 3.9 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Reinvestment Rate 
   
 LIBOR + 400 bps 
   
   
 N/A 
    
     
 
 
 N/A 
 Not applicable.  
 
 
 CAGR 
 Compound annual growth rate.  
 
 
 EBITDA 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.  
 
 
 Exit Multiple 
 Ranges include the last twelve months EBITDA, forward EBITDA and price/earnings exit multiples.  
 
 
 (a) 
 Unobservable inputs were weighted based on the fair value of the investments included in the range.  
 The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the assets, Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management
Strategies, debt instruments and obligations of consolidated CLO vehicles are discount rates, default rates, recovery rates, recovery lag, pre-payment rates and reinvestment rates. Increases (decreases) in any of the discount rates, default rates,
recovery lag and pre-payment rates in isolation would result in a lower (higher) fair value measurement. Increases (decreases) in any of the recovery rates and reinvestment rates in  
      189
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
isolation would result in a higher (lower) fair value measurement. Generally, a change in the assumption used for default rates may be accompanied by a directionally similar change in the
assumption used for recovery lag and a directionally opposite change in the assumption used for recovery rates and pre-payment rates.    The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of equity securities, partnership and LLC interests, debt instruments, assets of consolidated CLO vehicles and loans and receivables
are discount rates, exit capitalization rates, exit multiples, book value multiples, EBITDA multiples, liquidity discount and revenue compound annual growth rates. Increases (decreases) in any of discount rates and exit capitalization rates in
isolation can result in a lower (higher) fair value measurement. Increases (decreases) in any of exit multiples, book value multiples and revenue compound annual growth rates in isolation can result in a higher (lower) fair value measurement.
   Since December 31, 2012, there have been no changes in valuation techniques within Level II and Level III that have had
a material impact on the valuation of financial instruments.    The following tables summarize the changes in financial assets
and liabilities measured at fair value for which the Partnership has used Level III inputs to determine fair value and does not include gains or losses that were reported in Level III in prior years or for instruments that were transferred out of
Level III prior to the end of the respective reporting period. Total realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded for Level III investments are reported in Investment Income (Loss) and Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Level III Financial Assets at Fair
Value Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Investments of Consolidated Funds 
   
   
 Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 Other Investments (c) 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Investments of Consolidated Funds 
   
   
 Loans and Receivables 
   
   
 Other Investments (c) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 3,017,699 
    
   
 $ 
 30,663 
    
   
 $ 
 28,104 
    
   
 $ 
 3,076,466 
    
   
 $ 
 2,103,769 
    
   
 $ 
 8,555 
    
   
 $ 
 20,164 
    
   
 $ 
 2,132,488 
    
 
   Transfer In Due to Consolidation and Acquisition (a) 
   
   
 673,031 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,960 
    
   
   
 684,991 
    
   
   
 246,022 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 246,022 
    
 
   Transfer Out Due to Deconsolidation 
   
   
 (284,960 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (284,960 
 )  
   
   
 (1,599 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,599 
 )  
 
   Transfer In to Level III (b) 
   
   
 624,450 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12,627 
    
   
   
 637,077 
    
   
   
 687,225 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 687,225 
    
 
   Transfer Out of Level III (b) 
   
   
 (481,637 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,241 
 )  
   
   
 (490,878 
 )  
   
   
 (150,097 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (150,097 
 )  
 
   Purchases 
   
   
 733,356 
    
   
   
 370,508 
    
   
   
 129,122 
    
   
   
 1,232,986 
    
   
   
 772,305 
    
   
   
 176,641 
    
   
   
 7,700 
    
   
   
 956,646 
    
 
   Sales 
   
   
 (1,249,271 
 )  
   
   
 (265,996 
 )  
   
   
 (112,833 
 )  
   
   
 (1,628,100 
 )  
   
   
 (809,367 
 )  
   
   
 (154,293 
 )  
   
   
 (703 
 )  
   
   
 (964,363 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,312 
    
   
   
 (1,958 
 )  
   
   
 354 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (46 
 )  
 
   Realized Gains (Losses), Net 
   
   
 64,681 
    
   
   
 43 
    
   
   
 13,934 
    
   
   
 78,658 
    
   
   
 (17,201 
 )  
   
   
 (308 
 )  
   
   
 449 
    
   
   
 (17,060 
 )  
 
   Changes in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Earnings Related to Investments Still Held at the Reporting Date 

   
   
 261,403 
    
   
   
 258 
    
   
   
 (13,117 
 )  
   
   
 248,544 
    
   
   
 186,642 
    
   
   
 114 
    
   
   
 494 
    
   
   
 187,250 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 3,358,752 
    
   
 $ 
 137,788 
    
   
 $ 
 58,598 
    
   
 $ 
 3,555,138 
    
   
 $ 
 3,017,699 
    
   
 $ 
 30,663 
    
   
 $ 
 28,104 
    
   
 $ 
 3,076,466 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      190
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Level III Financial Liabilities at Fair Value Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Collateralized Loan Obligations Senior Notes 
   
   
 Collateralized Loan Obligations Subordinated Notes 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Collateralized Loan Obligations Senior Notes 
   
   
 Collateralized Loan Obligations Subordinated Notes 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance, Beginning of Period 
   
 $ 
 10,695,136 
    
   
 $ 
 846,471 
    
   
 $ 
 11,541,607 
    
   
 $ 
 7,449,766 
    
   
 $ 
 630,236 
    
   
 $ 
 8,080,002 
    
 
   Transfer In Due to Consolidation and Acquisition (a) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,419,084 
    
   
   
 149,225 
    
   
   
 3,568,309 
    
 
   Transfer Out Due to Deconsolidation 
   
   
 (1,100,842 
 )  
   
   
 (150,925 
 )  
   
   
 (1,251,767 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuances 
   
   
 41,233 
    
   
   
 784 
    
   
   
 42,017 
    
   
   
 15,602 
    
   
   
 2,218 
    
   
   
 17,820 
    
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (2,034,367 
 )  
   
   
 (530 
 )  
   
   
 (2,034,897 
 )  
   
   
 (895,302 
 )  
   
   
 (3,588 
 )  
   
   
 (898,890 
 )  
 
   Realized (Gains) Losses, Net 
   
   
 6,078 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,078 
    
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (17 
 )  
 
   Changes in Unrealized (Gains) Losses Included in Earnings Related to Liabilities Still Held at the Reporting Date 

   
   
 695,334 
    
   
   
 (85,365 
 )  
   
   
 609,969 
    
   
   
 706,003 
    
   
   
 68,380 
    
   
   
 774,383 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, End of Period 
   
 $ 
 8,302,572 
    
   
 $ 
 610,435 
    
   
 $ 
 8,913,007 
    
   
 $ 
 10,695,136 
    
   
 $ 
 846,471 
    
   
 $ 
 11,541,607 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Represents the transfer into Level III of financial assets and liabilities as a result of the consolidation of certain fund entities, the acquisition of management
contracts and the Harbourmaster acquisition.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Transfers in and out of Level III financial assets and liabilities were due to changes in the observability of inputs used in the valuation of such assets and
liabilities.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents Blackstone’s Treasury Cash Management Strategies and Other Investments.  
  9.    VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES  
  Pursuant to GAAP consolidation guidance, the Partnership consolidates certain VIEs in which it is determined that the
Partnership is the primary beneficiary either directly or indirectly, through a consolidated entity or affiliate. VIEs include certain private equity, real estate, credit-focused or funds of hedge funds entities and CLO vehicles. The purpose of such
VIEs is to provide strategy specific investment opportunities for investors in exchange for management and performance based fees. The investment strategies of the Blackstone Funds differ by product; however, the fundamental risks of the Blackstone
Funds have similar characteristics, including loss of invested capital and loss of management fees and performance based fees. In Blackstone’s role as general partner, collateral manager or investment adviser, it generally considers itself the
sponsor of the applicable Blackstone Fund. The Partnership does not provide performance guarantees and has no other financial obligation to provide funding to consolidated VIEs other than its own capital commitments.  
 The assets of consolidated variable interest entities may only be used to settle obligations of these consolidated Blackstone Funds. In
addition, there is no recourse to the Partnership for the consolidated VIEs’ liabilities including the liabilities of the consolidated CLO vehicles.  
      191
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The Partnership holds variable interests in certain VIEs which are not consolidated as
it is determined that the Partnership is not the primary beneficiary. The Partnership’s involvement with such entities is in the form of direct equity interests and fee arrangements. The maximum exposure to loss represents the loss of assets
recognized by Blackstone relating to non-consolidated entities, any amounts due to non-consolidated entities and any clawback obligation relating to previously distributed Carried Interest. The assets and liabilities recognized in the
Partnership’s Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition related to the Partnership’s interest in these non-consolidated VIEs and the Partnership’s maximum exposure to loss relating to non-consolidated VIEs were as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Investments 
    
 $ 
 758,304 
    
    
 $ 
 364,709 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 166,908 
    
    
   
 1,885 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 86,246 
    
    
   
 112,686 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total VIE Assets 
    
   
 1,011,458 
    
    
   
 479,280 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 397 
    
    
   
 2,657 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Potential Clawback Obligation 
    
   
 63,290 
    
    
   
 36,040 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Maximum Exposure to Loss 
    
 $ 
 1,075,147 
    
    
 $ 
 517,977 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  10.    REVERSE REPURCHASE AND REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS  
  At December 31, 2013, the Partnership received securities, primarily U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency
securities, asset-backed securities and corporate debt, with a fair value of $148.4 million and cash as collateral for reverse repurchase agreements that could be repledged, delivered or otherwise used. Securities with a fair value of
$148.4 million were used to cover Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased and Repurchase Agreements. The Partnership also pledged securities with a carrying value of $316.6 million and cash to collateralize its repurchase agreements. Such
securities can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty.    At December 31, 2012, the Partnership
received securities, primarily U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency securities, asset-backed securities and corporate debt, with a fair value of $247.4 million and cash as collateral for reverse repurchase agreements that could be repledged,
delivered or otherwise used. Securities with a fair value of $226.4 million were used to cover Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased. The Partnership also pledged securities with a carrying value of $141.9 million and cash to collateralize
its repurchase agreements. Such securities can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty.  
      192
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

  11.    OTHER ASSETS AND ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES
 
  Other Assets consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements 
   
 $ 
 325,700 
    
   
 $ 
 300,105 
    
 
   Less: Accumulated Depreciation 
   
   
 (188,612 
 )  
   
   
 (157,715 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net 
   
   
 137,088 
    
   
   
 142,390 
    
 
   Prepaid Expenses 
   
   
 61,226 
    
   
   
 81,498 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 75,815 
    
   
   
 97,140 
    
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
   
   
 10,343 
    
   
   
 55,344 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 284,472 
    
   
 $ 
 376,372 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Depreciation expense of $33.6 million, $34.0 million and $31.6 million related to
furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, is included in General, Administrative and Other in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities includes $57.0 million and $170.4 million as of December 31, 2013
and 2012, respectively, relating to redemptions that were legally payable to investors as of the balance sheet dates and $229.1 million and $352.3 million of payables relating to unsettled purchases within Blackstone’s consolidated
funds, respectively.  
  12.    OFFSETTING OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  
  The following tables present the offsetting of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2013:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the
Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 10,343 
    
    
 $ 
 3,025 
    
    
 $ 
 582 
    
    
 $ 
 6,736 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 148,984 
    
    
   
 148,394 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 590 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 159,327 
    
    
 $ 
 151,419 
    
    
 $ 
 582 
    
    
 $ 
 7,326 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Statement
of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the
Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Pledged 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 4,282 
    
    
 $ 
 3,025 
    
    
 $ 
 1,257 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 316,352 
    
    
   
 316,352 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 320,634 
    
    
 $ 
 319,377 
    
    
 $ 
 1,257 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      193
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The following tables present the offsetting of assets and liabilities as of
December 31, 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the
Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 55,344 
    
    
 $ 
 3,983 
    
    
 $ 
 36,748 
    
    
 $ 
 14,613 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 248,018 
    
    
   
 248,018 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 303,362 
    
    
 $ 
 252,001 
    
    
 $ 
 36,748 
    
    
 $ 
 14,613 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross and Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Statement
of Financial Condition 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the
Statement of Financial Condition 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Pledged 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   


 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Freestanding Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 4,197 
    
    
 $ 
  3,983 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 214 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 142,266 
    
    
   
 142,266 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 146,463 
    
    
 $ 
 146,249 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 214 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements and Repurchase Agreements are presented separately on the Statements of
Financial Condition. Freestanding Derivative assets are included in Other Assets in the Statements of Financial Condition. See Note 11. “Other Assets and Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities” for the components of
Other Assets.    Freestanding Derivative liabilities are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in
the Statements of Financial Condition and are not a significant component thereof.  
      194
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

  13.    BORROWINGS  
  The Partnership borrows and enters into credit agreements for its general operating and investment purposes and certain
Blackstone Funds borrow to meet financing needs of their operating and investing activities. Borrowing facilities have been established for the benefit of selected Blackstone Funds. When a Blackstone Fund borrows from the facility in which it
participates, the proceeds from the borrowing are strictly limited for its intended use by the borrowing fund and not available for other Partnership purposes. The Partnership’s credit facilities consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Credit Available 
   
   
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
   
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Credit Available 
   
   
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
   
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   


 
   Revolving Credit Facility (a) 
   
 $ 
 1,100,000 
    
   
 $ 
 717 
    
   
   
 1.25 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,100,000 
    
   
 $ 
 717 
    
   
   
 1.25 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Issued 6.625% Notes Due 8/15/2019 (b) (e) 
   
   
 585,000 
    
   
   
 585,000 
    
   
   
 6.63 
 %  
   
   
 585,000 
    
   
   
 585,000 
    
   
   
 6.63 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Issued 5.875% Notes Due 3/15/2021 (c) (e) 
   
   
 400,000 
    
   
   
 400,000 
    
   
   
 5.88 
 %  
   
   
 400,000 
    
   
   
 400,000 
    
   
   
 5.88 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Issued 4.750% Notes Due 2/15/2023 (d) (e) 
   
   
 400,000 
    
   
   
 400,000 
    
   
   
 4.75 
 %  
   
   
 400,000 
    
   
   
 400,000 
    
   
   
 4.75 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Issued 6.250% Notes Due 8/15/2042 (d) (e) 
   
   
 250,000 
    
   
   
 250,000 
    
   
   
 6.25 
 %  
   
   
 250,000 
    
   
   
 250,000 
    
   
   
 6.25 
 %  
 
   Operating Entities Facilities (f) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 n/a 
    
   
   
 6,228 
    
   
   
 6,228 
    
   
   
 1.03 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2,735,000 
    
   
   
 1,635,717 
    
   
   
 5.92 
 %  
   
   
 2,741,228 
    
   
   
 1,641,945 
    
   
   
 5.90 
 %  
 
   Blackstone Fund Facilities (g) 
   
   
 13,075 
    
   
   
 13,075 
    
   
   
 3.19 
 %  
   
   
 23,842 
    
   
   
 23,842 
    
   
   
 2.03 
 %  
 
   CLO Vehicles (h) 
   
   
 9,891,473 
    
   
   
 9,826,621 
    
   
   
 1.09 
 %  
   
   
 13,055,784 
    
   
   
 12,967,302 
    
   
   
 1.34 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 12,639,548 
    
   
 $ 
 11,475,413 
    
   
   
 1.78 
 %  
   
 $ 
 15,820,854 
    
   
 $ 
 14,633,089 
    
   
   
 1.86 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Blackstone, through indirect subsidiaries, has a $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) with Citibank, N.A., as
Administrative Agent with a maturity date of July 13, 2017. Interest on the borrowings is based on an adjusted LIBOR rate or alternate base rate, in each case plus a margin, and undrawn commitments bear a commitment fee. Borrowings may also be
made in U.K. sterling or euros, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. The Credit Facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. Financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to
keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly. As of December 31, 2013, there was an outstanding but undrawn letter of credit against the credit facility for $0.7 million.  
 
 
 (b) 
 On August 20, 2009, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. (the “Issuer”), an indirect subsidiary of the Partnership, issued $600 million of senior
notes. The notes, which were issued at a discount, accrue interest from August 20, 2009. Interest is paid semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2010. Interest expense on
the notes was $38.8 million, $39.4 million and $39.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. The carrying and fair values are determined using the original
$600 million par amount less $15 million attributable to these notes which were acquired but not retired by Blackstone during 2012.  
 
 
 (c) 
   On September 15, 2010, the Issuer issued $400 million of senior notes. The notes, which were issued at a discount, accrue interest from
September 20, 2010. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears on March 15  
      195
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 
 
   
 
and September 15 of each year, commencing on March 15, 2011. Interest expense on the notes was $23.5 million, $23.5 million and $23.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 2013, December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively.  
 
 
 (d) 
 On August 17, 2012, the Issuer issued $400 million of senior notes due February 15, 2023 and $250 million of senior notes maturing August 15,
2042. The notes, which were issued at a discount, accrue interest from August 17, 2012. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2013. Interest expense
on the $400 million note was $19.0 million and $7.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively. Interest expense on the $250 million note was $15.6 million and
$5.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively.  
 
 
 (e) 
 Represents long term borrowings in the form of senior notes (the “Notes”) issued by the Issuer. The Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the
Issuer. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Partnership, Blackstone Holdings, and the Issuer (the “Guarantors”). The guarantees are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantors.
Transaction costs related to the issuance of the Notes have been capitalized and are being amortized over the life of the Notes. The indentures include covenants, including limitations on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ ability to,
subject to exceptions, incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. The indentures also provide for events of default and
further provide that the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare the Notes immediately due and payable upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default
after expiration of any applicable grace period. In the case of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or reorganization, the principal amount of the Notes and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes automatically become due
and payable. All or a portion of the Notes may be redeemed at the Issuer’s option in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the Notes. If a change of
control repurchase event occurs, the holders of the Notes may require the Issuer to repurchase the Notes at a repurchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on
the Notes repurchased to, but not including, the date of repurchase.  
 
 
 (f) 
 Represents borrowings under a capital asset purchase facility. The capital asset purchase facility is secured by the purchased asset and borrowings bear interest at a
spread to LIBOR. The borrowings were paid down during 2013.  
 
 
 (g) 
 Represents borrowing facilities for the various consolidated Blackstone Funds used to meet liquidity and investing needs. Certain borrowings under these facilities were
used for bridge financing and general liquidity purposes. Other borrowings were used to finance the purchase of investments with the borrowing remaining in place until the disposition or refinancing event. Such borrowings have varying maturities and
are rolled over until the disposition or a refinancing event. Because the timing of such events is unknown and may occur in the near term, these borrowings are considered short-term in nature. Borrowings bear interest at spreads to market rates.
Borrowings were secured according to the terms of each facility and are generally secured by the investment purchased with the proceeds of the borrowing and/or the uncalled capital commitment of each respective fund. Certain facilities have
commitment fees. When a fund borrows, the proceeds are available only for use by that fund and are not available for the benefit of other funds. Collateral within each fund is also available only against the borrowings by that fund and not against
the borrowings of other funds.  
 
 
 (h) 
 Represents borrowings due to the holders of debt securities issued by CLO vehicles consolidated by Blackstone. These amounts are included within Loans Payable and Due
to Affiliates within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.  
      196
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The carrying value and fair value of the Blackstone issued notes, included in Loans
Payable within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, were:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Value 
   
    
 Fair Value (a) 
   
    
 Carrying Value 
   
    
 Fair Value (a) 
   


 
   Blackstone Issued 6.625%, $600 Million Par, Notes Due 8/15/2019 (b) 
    
 $ 
 632,823 
    
    
 $ 
 684,860 
    
    
 $ 
 640,220 
    
    
 $ 
 682,344 
    
 
   Blackstone Issued 5.875%, $400 Million Par, Notes Due 3/15/2021 
    
 $ 
 398,543 
    
    
 $ 
 447,120 
    
    
 $ 
 398,386 
    
    
 $ 
 456,200 
    
 
   Blackstone Issued 4.750%, $400 Million Par, Notes Due 2/15/2023 
    
 $ 
 393,202 
    
    
 $ 
 415,760 
    
    
 $ 
 392,629 
    
    
 $ 
 426,160 
    
 
   Blackstone Issued 6.250%, $250 Million Par, Notes Due 8/15/2042 
    
 $ 
 239,738 
    
    
 $ 
 278,550 
    
    
 $ 
 239,619 
    
    
 $ 
 275,275 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Fair value is determined by broker quote and these notes would be classified as Level II within the fair value hierarchy.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The carrying and fair values are determined using the original $600 million par amount less $15 million attributable to these notes which were acquired but
not retired by Blackstone during 2012.    Included within Loans Payable and Due to Affiliates within the
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition are amounts due to holders of debt securities issued by Blackstone’s consolidated CLO vehicles. Borrowings through the consolidated CLO vehicles consisted of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Weighted Average Remaining Maturity in Years 
   
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Interest Rate 
   
   
 Weighted Average Remaining Maturity in Years 
   


 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 8,605,553 
    
    
   
 1.09 
 %  
   
   
 4.1 
    
    
 $ 
 11,518,111 
    
    
   
 1.34 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 1,221,068 
    
    
   
 (a 
 )  
   
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 1,449,191 
    
    
   
 (a 
 )  
   
   
 2.6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 9,826,621 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 12,967,302 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Subordinated Notes do not have contractual interest rates but instead receive distributions from the excess cash flows of the CLO vehicles.
   Senior Secured Notes and Subordinated Notes comprise the following amounts:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Amounts Due to Non- Consolidated Affiliates 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Amounts Due to Non- Consolidated Affiliates 
   
 
   
    
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
    
 Borrowing Outstanding 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Senior Secured Notes 
    
 $ 
 8,302,572 
    
    
 $ 
 14,500 
    
    
 $ 
 13,732 
    
    
 $ 
 10,695,136 
    
    
 $ 
 22,000 
    
    
 $ 
 18,229 
    
 
   Subordinated Notes 
    
 $ 
 610,435 
    
    
 $ 
 224,444 
    
    
 $ 
 110,197 
    
    
 $ 
 846,471 
    
    
 $ 
 258,156 
    
    
 $ 
 172,899 
    
 
      197
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The Loans Payable of the consolidated CLO vehicles are collateralized by assets held by
each respective CLO vehicle and assets of one vehicle may not be used to satisfy the liabilities of another. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the fair value of the consolidated CLO assets was $9.5 billion and $12.5 billion,
respectively. This collateral consisted of Cash, Corporate Loans, Corporate Bonds and other securities.    As part of
Blackstone’s borrowing arrangements, the Partnership is subject to certain financial and operating covenants. The Partnership was in compliance with all of its loan covenants as of December 31, 2013.  
 Scheduled principal payments for borrowings at December 31, 2013 are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Operating Borrowings 
   
    
 Blackstone Fund Facilities / CLO Vehicles 
   
    
 Total Borrowings 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 8,066 
    
    
 $ 
 8,066 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 5,009 
    
    
   
 5,009 
    
 
   2018 and Thereafter 
    
   
 1,635,000 
    
    
   
 9,826,621 
    
    
   
 11,461,621 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,635,000 
    
    
 $ 
 9,839,696 
    
    
 $ 
 11,474,696 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  14.    INCOME TAXES  
  The Provision for Income Taxes consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Current 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Income Tax 
    
 $ 
 19,237 
    
   
 $ 
 5,928 
    
   
 $ 
 4,509 
    
 
   Foreign Income Tax 
    
   
 13,302 
    
   
   
 16,921 
    
   
   
 22,741 
    
 
   State and Local Income Tax 
    
   
 33,273 
    
   
   
 36,022 
    
   
   
 8,997 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 65,812 
    
   
   
 58,871 
    
   
   
 36,247 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal Income Tax 
    
   
 157,962 
    
   
   
 100,875 
    
   
   
 226,153 
    
 
   Foreign Income Tax 
    
   
 (638 
 )  
   
   
 (691 
 )  
   
   
 403 
    
 
   State and Local Income Tax 
    
   
 32,506 
    
   
   
 25,968 
    
   
   
 82,908 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 189,830 
    
   
   
 126,152 
    
   
   
 309,464 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 255,642 
    
   
 $ 
 185,023 
    
   
 $ 
 345,711 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table summarizes Blackstone’s tax position:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 3,148,561 
    
   
 $ 
 1,014,905 
    
   
 $ 
 77,258 
    
 
   Total Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 255,642 
    
   
 $ 
 185,023 
    
   
 $ 
 345,711 
    
 
   Effective Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 8.1 
 %  
   
   
 18.2 
 %  
   
   
 447.5 
 %  
 
      198
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The following table reconciles the Provision for Taxes to the U.S. federal statutory tax
rate:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2013   
   
   
   2012   
   
   
   2011   
   


 
   Statutory U.S. Federal Income Tax Rate 
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   Income Passed Through to Common Unitholders and Non-Controlling Interest Holders (a) 
    
   
 -28.7 
 %  
   
   
 -23.6 
 %  
   
   
 76.9 
 %  
 
   Interest Expense 
    
   
 -0.9 
 %  
   
   
 -3.4 
 %  
   
   
 -47.0 
 %  
 
   Foreign Income Taxes 
    
   
 -0.2 
 %  
   
   
 -3.2 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
 
   State and Local Income Taxes 
    
   
 1.7 
 %  
   
   
 3.0 
 %  
   
   
 38.7 
 %  
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 1.6 
 %  
   
   
 9.3 
 %  
   
   
 132.4 
 %  
 
   Change in Tax Rate 
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 -0.1 
 %  
   
   
 202.9 
 %  
 
   Net Unrecognized Tax Positions 
    
   
 -0.2 
 %  
   
   
 0.7 
 %  
   
   
 7.8 
 %  
 
   Non Deductible Expenses 
    
   
 0.0 
 %  
   
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
   
 2.5 
 %  
 
   Tax Deductible Compensation 
    
   
 -0.3 
 %  
   
   
 -0.4 
 %  
   
   
 -10.2 
 %  
 
   Other 
    
   
 -0.5 
 %  
   
   
 0.3 
 %  
   
   
 -2.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective Income Tax Rate (b) 
    
   
 8.1 
 %  
   
   
 18.2 
 %  
   
   
 447.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Includes income that is not taxable to the Partnership and its subsidiaries. Such income is directly taxable to the Partnership’s unitholders and the
non-controlling interest holders.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The effective tax rate is calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes.  
 In 2013, a subsidiary of the Partnership received Letter Rulings allowing the application of New York State and New York City laws that
prescribe the sourcing of income of a registered securities or commodities broker resulting in a reduction to the rate of tax for 2013 and the rate of tax that Blackstone will pay in the future. In 2011, application of the New York State and New
York City tax laws that source various types of receipts from services performed by registered brokers and dealers of securities and commodities for purposes of apportioning income resulted in a reduction to Blackstone’s rate of tax for that
year and to the rate of tax that Blackstone will pay in subsequent years. The reduction in the rate of tax resulted in a reduction in the 2013 and 2011 current tax provision and an increase in the 2013 and 2011 deferred tax provision with a
corresponding reduction to the net Deferred Tax Assets of $22.7 million and $233.7 million, respectively, with the net result an increase to the effective income tax rate as reflected in the table above.  
      199
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences that may
exist between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A summary of
the tax effects of the temporary differences is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fund Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 8,728 
    
   
 $ 
 16,719 
    
 
   Equity-Based Compensation 
    
   
 54,810 
    
   
   
 45,329 
    
 
   Unrealized Gains from Investments 
    
   
 (117,685 
 )  
   
   
 (58,499 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and Amortization 
    
   
 1,285,042 
    
   
   
 1,257,145 
    
 
   Net Operating Loss Carry Forward 
    
   
 12 
    
   
   
 18,780 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (21,700 
 )  
   
   
 6,137 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred Tax Assets 
    
 $ 
 1,209,207 
    
   
 $ 
 1,285,611 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred Tax Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and Amortization 
    
 $ 
 10 
    
   
 $ 
 143 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 10 
    
   
 $ 
 143 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Future realization of tax benefits depends on the expectation of taxable income within a period of time
that the tax benefits will reverse. The Partnership has recorded a significant deferred tax asset for the future amortization of tax basis intangibles acquired from the predecessor owners and current owners. The amortization period for these tax
basis intangibles is 15 years; accordingly, the related deferred tax assets will reverse over the same period. The Partnership had a taxable loss of $56.8 million and $81.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively, of which $8.8 million was carried back and utilized against prior year taxable income, $74.9 million was utilized against taxable income generated in the tax year ended December 31, 2012 and $54.6 million will be
utilized against taxable income generated in the tax year ended December 31, 2013. The Partnership has considered the 15 year amortization period for the tax basis intangibles and the 20 year carryforward period for its taxable loss in
evaluating whether it should establish a valuation allowance.    The Partnership also considers projections of taxable income in
evaluating its ability to utilize deferred tax assets. In projecting its taxable income, the Partnership begins with historic results and incorporates assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. The assumptions about future taxable
income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that the Partnership uses to manage its business. At this time, the Partnership’s projections of future taxable income that include the effects of originating
and reversing temporary differences, including those for the tax basis intangibles, indicate that it is more likely than not that the benefits from the deferred tax asset will be realized. Therefore, the Partnership has determined that no valuation
allowance is needed at December 31, 2013.    Currently, the Partnership does not believe it meets the indefinite reversal
criteria that would cause the Partnership to not recognize a deferred tax liability with respect to its foreign subsidiaries. Where applicable, Blackstone will record a deferred tax liability for any outside basis difference of an investment in a
foreign subsidiary.    Blackstone files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates.
In the normal course of business, Blackstone is subject to examination by federal and certain state, local and foreign tax  
      200
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
regulators. As of December 31, 2013, Blackstone’s U.S. federal income tax returns for the years 2010 through 2012 are open under the normal three-year statute of limitations and
therefore subject to examination. The Internal Revenue Service is examining certain corporate subsidiaries’ 2007 through 2011 U.S. federal income tax returns. State and local tax returns are generally subject to audit from 2009 through 2012.
Currently, the State of New York is examining the tax returns filed by Blackstone and certain of its subsidiaries for the years 2010 through 2011 and the City of New York is examining certain other subsidiaries’ tax returns for the years 2007
through 2009. The Income Tax Department of the Government of India is examining the tax returns of the Indian subsidiaries for the years 2008 and 2009. Blackstone believes that during 2014 certain tax audits have a reasonable possibility of being
completed and does not expect the results of these audits to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.  
 Blackstone’s unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, were:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits—January 1 
    
 $ 
 30,742 
    
   
 $ 
 12,234 
    
 
   Additions based on Tax Positions Related to Current Year 
    
   
 6,517 
    
   
   
 6,117 
    
 
   Additions for Tax Positions of Prior Years 
    
   
 3,435 
    
   
   
 16,733 
    
 
   Reductions for Tax Positions of Prior Years 
    
   
 (17,686 
 )  
   
   
 (3,215 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (3,538 
 )  
   
   
 (1,596 
 )  
 
   Exchange Rate Fluctuations 
    
   
 (608 
 )  
   
   
 469 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unrecognized Tax Benefits—December 31 
    
 $ 
 18,862 
    
   
 $ 
 30,742 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   If the above tax benefits were recognized, $18.9 million and $26.8 million for the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively would reduce the annual effective rate. Blackstone does not believe that it will have a material increase or decrease in its unrecognized tax benefits during the coming year.  
 The unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expense and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of
Financial Condition.    Blackstone recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax positions in General,
Administrative and Other Expense. During the year ended December 31, 2013, $1.0 million of interest expense and no penalties were accrued. During the year ended December 31, 2012, $5.8 million of interest expense and
$0.5 million of penalties were accrued. During the year ended December 31, 2011, $1.5 million of interest expense and no penalties were accrued.    On September 13, 2013, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS issued final regulations that address costs incurred in acquiring, producing, or improving tangible property (“the tangible
property regulations”). The tangible property regulations are generally effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2014, and may be adopted in earlier years. Management does not anticipate the impact of these changes to be
material to the Partnership’s consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  
      201
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

  15.    NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON UNIT  
  Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common unit for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was
calculated as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 $ 
 1,171,202 
    
   
 $ 
 218,598 
    
   
 $ 
 (168,303 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Basic Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding 
   
   
 587,018,828 
    
   
   
 533,703,606 
    
   
   
 475,582,718 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Basic Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit 
   
 $ 
 2.00 
    
   
 $ 
 0.41 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.35 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding 
   
   
 587,018,828 
    
   
   
 533,703,606 
    
   
   
 475,582,718 
    
 
   Weighted-Average Unvested Deferred Restricted Common Units 
   
   
 3,527,812 
    
   
   
 4,965,464 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted-Average Diluted Common Units Outstanding 
   
   
 590,546,640 
    
   
   
 538,669,070 
    
   
   
 475,582,718 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit 
   
 $ 
 1.98 
    
   
 $ 
 0.41 
    
   
 $ 
 (0.35 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table summarizes the anti-dilutive securities for the periods indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Weighted-Average Unvested Deferred Restricted Common Units 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 22,529,309 
    
 
   Weighted-Average Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
   
   
 553,579,525 
    
   
   
 590,446,577 
    
    
   
 628,115,753 
    
   Unit Repurchase Program    In January 2008, Blackstone announced that the Board of Directors of its general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., had authorized the repurchase by Blackstone of up to $500 million of
Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under this unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the
actual number of Blackstone common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. This unit repurchase program may be suspended
or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.    During the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, no units were repurchased. As of December 31, 2013, the amount remaining available for repurchases under this program was $335.8 million.    During the year ended December 31, 2011, Blackstone repurchased 116,270 vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as part of the unit repurchase program for a total fair value of
$2.1 million.  
      202
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

  16.    EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION  
  The Partnership has granted equity-based compensation awards to Blackstone’s senior managing directors,
non-partner professionals, non-professionals and selected external advisers under the Partnership’s 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Equity Plan”), the majority of which to date were granted in connection with Blackstone’s
initial public offering (“IPO”). The Equity Plan allows for the granting of options, unit appreciation rights or other unit-based awards (units, restricted units, restricted common units, deferred restricted common units, phantom
restricted common units or other unit-based awards based in whole or in part on the fair value of the Blackstone common units or Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units) which may contain certain service or performance requirements. As of
January 1, 2013, the Partnership had the ability to grant 163,217,431 units under the Equity Plan.    For the years
ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 the Partnership recorded compensation expense of $855.1 million, $949.6 million, and $1.4 billion, respectively, in relation to its equity-based awards with corresponding tax benefits of
$33.3 million, $25.0 million, and $22.4 million, respectively.    As of December 31, 2013, there was
$1.3 billion of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years.  
 Total vested and unvested outstanding units, including Blackstone common units, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred
restricted common units, were 1,153,844,153 as of December 31, 2013. Total outstanding unvested phantom units were 147,169 as of December 31, 2013.    A summary of the status of the Partnership’s unvested equity-based awards as of December 31, 2013 and of changes during the period January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2013 is
presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
 
   
    
 Partnership Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   
    
 Equity Settled Awards 
   
    
 Cash Settled Awards 
   
 
   Unvested Units 
    
   
    
 Deferred Restricted Common Units and Options 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   
    
 Phantom Units 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
    
   
 66,591,089 
    
   
 $ 
 28.19 
    
    
   
 20,199,382 
    
   
 $ 
 15.76 
    
    
   
 221,356 
    
   
 $ 
 14.89 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 4,645,938 
    
   
   
 20.65 
    
    
   
 7,245,002 
    
   
   
 22.56 
    
    
   
 7,687 
    
   
   
 22.85 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (21,385,204 
 )  
   
   
 29.91 
    
    
   
 (6,458,664 
 )  
   
   
 23.77 
    
    
   
 (78,318 
 )  
   
   
 20.82 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (1,794,007 
 )  
   
   
 29.69 
    
    
   
 (981,581 
 )  
   
   
 17.27 
    
    
   
 (3,556 
 )  
   
   
 23.70 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
    
   
 48,057,816 
    
   
 $ 
 26.64 
    
    
   
 20,004,139 
    
   
 $ 
 15.57 
    
    
   
 147,169 
    
   
 $ 
 12.00 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
      203
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  Units Expected to Vest    The following unvested units, after expected forfeitures, as of December 31, 2013, are expected to vest:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Units 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Service Period in Years 
   


 
   Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units 
    
   
 44,277,748 
    
    
   
 1.90 
    
 
   Deferred Restricted Blackstone Common Units and Options 
    
   
 16,515,381 
    
    
   
 2.30 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity-Based Awards 
    
   
 60,793,129 
    
    
   
 2.00 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Phantom Units 
    
   
 146,520 
    
    
   
 0.03 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Deferred Restricted Common Units and Phantom Units  
 The Partnership has granted deferred restricted common units to certain senior and non-senior managing director professionals, analysts
and senior finance and administrative personnel and selected external advisers and phantom units (cash settled equity-based awards) to other senior and non-senior managing director employees. Holders of deferred restricted common units and phantom
units are not entitled to any voting rights. Only phantom units are to be settled in cash.    The fair values of deferred
restricted common units have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s common units on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1 to 8
years. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes forfeiture rates based upon historical turnover rates, ranging from 1% to 12.5% annually by employee class, and a per unit discount, ranging from $0.01 to $10.33 as a majority
of these unvested awards do not contain distribution participation rights. In most cases, the Partnership will not make any distributions with respect to unvested deferred restricted common units. However, there are certain grantees who receive
distributions on both vested and unvested deferred restricted common units.    The phantom units vest over the assumed service
period, which ranges from 2 to 4 years. On each such vesting date, Blackstone delivered or will deliver cash to the holder in an amount equal to the number of phantom units held multiplied by the then fair market value of the Blackstone common units
on such date. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes forfeiture rates based upon historical turnover rates, ranging from 4.2% to 12.5% annually by employee class. Blackstone is accounting for these cash settled awards as a
liability.    Blackstone paid $0.6 million, $0.4 million and $0.4 million to non-senior managing director
employees in settlement of phantom units for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.    Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units    At the time of the Reorganization, Blackstone’s predecessor owners and selected advisers received
827,516,625 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, of which 387,805,088 were vested and 439,711,537 were to vest over a period of up to 8 years from the IPO date. Subsequent to the Reorganization, the Partnership has granted Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units to newly hired senior managing directors. The Partnership has  
      204
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
accounted for the unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as compensation expense over the vesting period. The fair values have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s
common units on the date of the grant, or $31 (based on the initial public offering price per Blackstone common unit) for those units issued at the time of the Reorganization, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed
service period which ranges from 1 to 9 years. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a forfeiture rate of up to 12.5%, based on historical experience.  
 In November 2009, the Partnership modified equity awards issued in connection with a deferred compensation plan to, among other things:
(a) provide that deferred compensation payments to participating employees and senior managing directors generally would be satisfied by delivery of Blackstone common units instead of delivery of Partnership Units, (b) delay the delivery
of common units (following the applicable vesting dates) until anticipated trading window periods, to better facilitate participants’ liquidity to meet tax obligations, and (c) ensure compliance with deferred compensation taxation rules.
As the fair value of Partnership Units on grant date is based on the closing price of Blackstone common units, there was no change in the fair value of these awards as a result of the modification. As a result, there was no additional impact to
compensation expense.    Equity-Based Awards with Performance Conditions  
 The Partnership has also granted certain equity-based awards with performance requirements. These awards are based on the performance of
certain businesses over a three to five year period beginning January 2012, relative to a predetermined threshold. Blackstone has determined that it is probable that the relevant performance thresholds will be exceeded in future periods and,
therefore, has recorded compensation expense since the beginning of the performance period of $61.8 million.  
  17.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
  Affiliate Receivables and Payables    Due from Affiliates and Due to Affiliates consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accrual for Potential Clawback of Previously Distributed Carried Interest 
    
 $ 
 1,561 
    
    
 $ 
 165,322 
    
 
   Primarily Interest Bearing Advances Made on Behalf of Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone Employees for
Investments in Blackstone Funds 
    
   
 151,493 
    
    
   
 155,302 
    
 
   Amounts Due from Portfolio Companies and Funds 
    
   
 307,926 
    
    
   
 259,196 
    
 
   Investments Redeemed in Non-Consolidated Funds of Hedge Funds 
    
   
 259,787 
    
    
   
 39,507 
    
 
   Management and Performance Fees Due from Non-Consolidated Funds 
    
   
 325,389 
    
    
   
 343,846 
    
 
   Payments Made on Behalf of Non-Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 133,790 
    
    
   
 150,317 
    
 
   Advances Made to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone Employees 
    
   
 12,098 
    
    
   
 6,577 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,192,044 
    
    
 $ 
 1,120,067 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      205
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Due to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders in Connection with the Tax Receivable Agreements 
    
 $ 
 1,235,168 
    
    
 $ 
 1,218,488 
    
 
   Accrual for Potential Repayment of Previously Received Performance Fees 
    
   
 4,270 
    
    
   
 267,116 
    
 
   Due to Note Holders of Consolidated CLO Vehicles 
    
   
 123,929 
    
    
   
 191,128 
    
 
   Due to Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 201,286 
    
 
   Distributions Received on Behalf of Certain Non-Controlling Interest Holders and Blackstone Employees 
    
   
 11,293 
    
    
   
 12,506 
    
 
   Payable to Affiliates for Consolidated Funds 
    
   
 29,803 
    
    
   
 81,589 
    
 
   Distributions Received on Behalf of Blackstone Entities 
    
   
 22,815 
    
    
   
 20,295 
    
 
   Payments Made by Non-Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 9,581 
    
    
   
 10,236 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,436,859 
    
    
 $ 
 2,002,644 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Interests of the Founder, Senior Managing Directors, Employees and Other Related Parties  
 The founder, senior managing directors, employees and certain other related parties invest on a discretionary basis in the consolidated
Blackstone Funds both directly and through consolidated entities. These investments generally are subject to preferential management fee and performance fee arrangements. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, such investments aggregated
$1.0 billion and $939.4 million, respectively. Their share of the Net Income Attributable to Redeemable Non-Controlling and Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities aggregated $224.7 million, $114.1 million and
$109.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.    Revenues Earned from Affiliates
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net earned from affiliates totaled $253.9 million, $254.7 million and
$317.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Fees relate primarily to transaction and monitoring fees which are made in the ordinary course of business and under terms that would have been obtained
from unaffiliated third parties.    Loans to Affiliates    Loans to affiliates consist of interest-bearing advances to certain Blackstone individuals to finance their investments in certain Blackstone Funds. These loans earn interest at Blackstone’s cost of
borrowing and such interest totaled $3.4 million, $4.4 million and $3.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.    Contingent Repayment Guarantee    Blackstone and its personnel who have
received Carried Interest distributions have guaranteed payment on a several basis (subject to a cap) to the Carry Funds of any clawback obligation with respect to the excess Carried Interest allocated to the general partners of such funds and
indirectly received thereby to the extent that either Blackstone or its personnel fails to fulfill its clawback obligation, if any. The Accrual for Potential Repayment of  
      206
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
Previously Received Performance Fees represents amounts previously paid to Blackstone Holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the Blackstone Funds if the
Carry Funds were to be liquidated based on the fair value of their underlying investments as of December 31, 2013. See Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Contingent Obligations (Clawback)”.
   Aircraft and Other Services    In the normal course of business, Blackstone personnel have made use of aircraft owned as personal assets by Stephen A. Schwarzman and an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Hamilton E. James,
Blackstone’s President and Chief Operating Officer, and Jonathan D. Gray, Blackstone’s Global Head of Real Estate and a Director of Blackstone (each such aircraft, “Personal Aircraft”). Mr. Schwarzman paid for his purchases
of his Personal Aircraft himself and bears all operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with their operation. Each of Mr. James and Mr. Gray paid for his respective interest in their jointly owned Personal Aircraft himself and bears all
operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with its operation. Payment by Blackstone for the use of the Personal Aircraft by Blackstone employees is made at market rates.  
 In addition, on occasion, Mr. Schwarzman and his family have made use of an aircraft in which Blackstone owns a fractional interest,
as well as other assets of Blackstone. Mr. Schwarzman is charged for his and his family’s personal use of Blackstone assets based on market rates and usage. Personal use of Blackstone resources is also reimbursed to Blackstone at market
rates.    The transactions described herein are not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Tax Receivable Agreements  
 Blackstone used a portion of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of non-voting common units to Beijing Wonderful Investments to
purchase interests in the predecessor businesses from the predecessor owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for Blackstone common units on a one-for-one basis.
The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings and therefore reduce the amount of tax that Blackstone’s wholly owned subsidiaries would
otherwise be required to pay in the future.    One of the subsidiaries of the Partnership which is a corporate taxpayer has
entered into tax receivable agreements with each of the predecessor owners and additional tax receivable agreements have been executed, and will continue to be executed, with newly-admitted senior managing directors and others who acquire Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units. The agreements provide for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to such owners of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the corporate taxpayers actually realize as a
result of the aforementioned increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into these tax receivable agreements. For purposes of the tax receivable agreements, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing
the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayers would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone
Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable agreements.    During
the fourth quarter of 2013 and 2011, the effective tax rate of the corporate taxpayers was reduced due to the adoption of New York State and New York City tax laws for sourcing of revenue for apportionment purposes. This resulted in a reduction of
$20.5 million and $197.8 million, respectively, due to pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above. Assuming no future material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize
the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the expected future payments under the tax receivable agreements (which are taxable to the recipients)  
      207
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
will aggregate $1.2 billion over the next 15 years. The after-tax net present value of these estimated payments totals $407.4 million assuming a 15% discount rate and using
Blackstone’s most recent projections relating to the estimated timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreements in respect of subsequent exchanges would be in addition to these amounts. The payments
under the tax receivable agreements are not conditioned upon continued ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above. Subsequent to December 31, 2013, payments totaling $80.6 million were
made to certain pre-IPO owners in accordance with the tax receivable agreements and related tax benefits the Partnership received for the 2012 taxable year.    Amounts related to the deferred tax asset resulting from the increase in tax basis from the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to Blackstone common units, the resulting remeasurement of net
deferred tax assets at the Blackstone ownership percentage at the balance sheet date, the due to affiliates for the future payments resulting from the tax receivable agreements and resulting adjustment to partners’ capital are included as
Acquisition of Ownership Interests from Non-Controlling Interest Holders in the Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  
 Other    Blackstone does
business with and on behalf of some of its Portfolio Companies; all such arrangements are on a negotiated basis.  
  18.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
  Commitments  
 Operating Leases    The
Partnership leases office space under non-cancelable lease and sublease agreements, which expire on various dates through 2032. Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to base rentals, generally are subject to escalation provisions based on certain
costs incurred by the landlord, and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease agreement. Rent expense includes base contractual rent and variable costs such as building expenses, utilities, taxes and insurance. Rent expense
for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, was $78.6 million, $74.8 million and $72.7 million, respectively. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Partnership maintained irrevocable standby letters of credit and cash
deposits as security for the leases of $9.0 million and $9.4 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2013, the aggregate minimum future payments, net of sublease income, required on the operating leases are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
  71,286 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 67,388 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 61,299 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 56,379 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 54,279 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 189,150 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 499,781 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Investment Commitments    Blackstone had $1.5 billion of investment commitments as of December 31, 2013 representing general partner capital funding commitments to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to
other funds and  
      208
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  
Blackstone principal investment commitments. The consolidated Blackstone Funds had signed investment commitments of $54.6 million as of December 31, 2013 which includes
$25.2 million of signed investment commitments for portfolio company acquisitions in the process of closing.    Contingencies
   Guarantees  
 Certain of Blackstone’s consolidated real estate funds guarantee payments to third parties in connection with the on-going business
activities and/or acquisitions of their Portfolio Companies. There is no direct recourse to the Partnership to fulfill such obligations. To the extent that underlying funds are required to fulfill guarantee obligations, the Partnership’s
invested capital in such funds is at risk. Total investments at risk in respect of guarantees extended by consolidated real estate funds was $4.9 million as of December 31, 2013.  
 On March 28, 2012, the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships entered into a guaranty agreement with a lending institution in which the
Holdings Partnerships guarantee certain loans held by employees for investment in Blackstone funds. The amount guaranteed as of December 31, 2013 was $60.3 million.    Litigation    From time to time, Blackstone is named as a defendant in legal
actions relating to transactions conducted in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such legal actions, in the opinion of management, Blackstone does not have a potential liability related to any
current legal proceeding or claim that would individually or in the aggregate materially affect its results of operations, financial position or cash flows.    Contingent Obligations (Clawback)    Carried Interest is subject to clawback
to the extent that the Carried Interest received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end
of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. The lives of the carry funds with a potential clawback obligation,
including available contemplated extensions, are currently anticipated to expire at various points through 2018. Further extensions of such terms may be implemented under given circumstances.  
 For financial reporting purposes, the general partners have recorded a liability for potential clawback obligations to the limited
partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund’s remaining investments and where the fund’s general partner has previously received Carried Interest distributions with respect to such fund’s
realized investments.    During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Blackstone general partners paid a cash clawback
obligation of $89.7 million relating to Blackstone Communications Partners (“BCOM”) of which $70.6 million was paid by Blackstone Holdings and $19.1 million by current and former Blackstone personnel.  
      209
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The following table presents the clawback obligations by segment:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   Segment 
    
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 Current 
and Former Personnel 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Blackstone Holdings 
   
    
 Current 
and Former Personnel 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Private Equity 
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 151 
    
    
 $ 
 146 
    
    
 $ 
 69,302 
    
    
 $ 
 133,852 
    
    
 $ 
 203,154 
    
 
   Real Estate 
    
   
 1,501 
    
   
   
 518 
    
    
   
 2,019 
    
    
   
 32,152 
    
    
   
 31,223 
    
    
   
 63,375 
    
 
   Credit 
    
   
 1,213 
    
   
   
 892 
    
    
   
 2,105 
    
    
   
 340 
    
    
   
 247 
    
    
   
 587 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,709 
    
   
 $ 
 1,561 
    
    
 $ 
 4,270 
    
    
 $ 
 101,794 
    
    
 $ 
 165,322 
    
    
 $ 
 267,116 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A portion of the Carried Interest paid to current and former Blackstone personnel is held in segregated
accounts in the event of a cash clawback obligation. These segregated accounts are not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Partnership, except to the extent a portion of the assets held in the segregated accounts may be
allocated to a consolidated Blackstone fund of hedge funds. At December 31, 2013, $420.9 million was held in segregated accounts for the purpose of meeting any clawback obligations of current and former personnel if such payments are
required.  
  19.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS  
  The Partnership provides a 401(k) plan (the “Plan”) for eligible employees in the United States. For certain
administrative employees who are eligible for participation in the Plan, the Partnership makes a non-elective contribution of 2% of such employee’s annual compensation up to a maximum of one thousand six hundred dollars regardless of whether
the employee makes any elective contributions to the Plan. In addition, the Partnership will also contribute 50% of certain eligible employee’s contribution to the Plan with a maximum matching contribution of one thousand six hundred dollars.
For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Partnership incurred expenses of $1.7 million, $1.5 million and $1.4 million in connection with such Plan.  
 The Partnership provides a defined contribution plan for eligible employees in the United Kingdom (“U.K. Plan”). All United
Kingdom employees are eligible to contribute to the U.K. Plan after three months of qualifying service. The Partnership contributes a percentage of an employee’s annual salary, subject to United Kingdom statutory restrictions, on a monthly
basis for administrative employees of the Partnership based upon the age of the employee. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Partnership incurred expenses of $0.4 million, $0.4 million and $0.3 million,
respectively, in connection with the U.K. Plan.  
  20.    REGULATED ENTITIES  
  The Partnership has certain entities that are registered broker-dealers that are subject to the minimum net capital
requirements of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These entities have continuously operated in excess of these requirements. The Partnership also has two entities based in London which are subject to the capital
requirements of the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority. These entities have continuously operated in excess of their regulatory capital requirements.    Certain other U.S. and non-U.S. entities are subject to various investment adviser, commodity pool operator and trader regulations. This includes a number of U.S. entities that are registered as
investment advisers with the SEC.  
      210
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The regulatory capital requirements referred to above may restrict the
Partnership’s ability to withdraw capital from its entities. At December 31, 2013, $24.3 million of net assets of consolidated entities may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and advances to the Partnership.  
  21.    SEGMENT REPORTING  
  Blackstone transacts its primary business in the United States and substantially all of its revenues are generated
domestically.    Blackstone conducts its alternative asset management and financial advisory businesses through five segments:
     
 
 
 • 
   
   Private Equity—Blackstone’s Private Equity segment comprises its management of private equity funds and certain multi-asset class investment
funds.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Real Estate—Blackstone’s Real Estate segment primarily comprises its management of global, European focused and Asian focused opportunistic
real estate funds. In addition, the segment has debt investment funds and a publicly traded REIT targeting non-controlling real estate debt-related investment opportunities in the public and private markets, primarily in the United States and
Europe.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Hedge Fund Solutions—Blackstone’s Hedge Fund Solutions segment is comprised principally of Blackstone Alternative Asset Management
(“BAAM”), an institutional solutions provider utilizing hedge funds across a variety of strategies.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Credit—Blackstone’s Credit segment, which principally includes GSO Capital Partners LP (“GSO”), manages credit-focused products
within private debt and public market strategies. GSO’s products include senior credit-focused funds, distressed debt funds, mezzanine funds, general credit-focused funds, registered investment companies, separately managed accounts and CLO
vehicles.      
 
 
 • 
   
   Financial Advisory—Blackstone’s Financial Advisory segment comprises its financial and strategic advisory services, restructuring and
reorganization advisory services, capital markets services and Park Hill Group, which provides fund placement services for alternative investment funds.    These business segments are differentiated by their various sources of income. The Private Equity, Real Estate, Hedge Fund Solutions and Credit segments primarily earn their income from management fees
and investment returns on assets under management, while the Financial Advisory segment primarily earns its income from fees related to investment banking services and advice and fund placement services.  
 Blackstone uses Economic Income (“EI”) as a key measure of value creation, a benchmark of its performance and in making
resource deployment and compensation decisions across its five segments. EI represents segment net income before taxes excluding transaction-related charges. Transaction-related charges arise from Blackstone’s IPO and long-term retention
programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions, including acquisitions. Transaction-related charges include equity-based compensation charges, the amortization of intangible assets and contingent consideration
associated with acquisitions. EI presents revenues and expenses on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds Blackstone manages. Economic Net Income (“ENI”) represents EI adjusted to include current period taxes. Taxes represent the
current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision for Taxes.    Management makes operating decisions
and assesses the performance of each of Blackstone’s business segments based on financial and operating metrics and data that is presented without the consolidation of any of the Blackstone Funds that are consolidated into the Consolidated
Financial Statements. Consequently, all segment data excludes the assets, liabilities and operating results related to the Blackstone Funds.  
      211
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The following table presents the financial data for Blackstone’s five segments as
of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Financial Advisory 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 368,146 
    
   
 $ 
 565,182 
    
   
 $ 
 409,321 
    
   
 $ 
 398,158 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,740,807 
    
 
   Advisory Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 410,514 
    
   
   
 410,514 
    
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 96,988 
    
   
   
 79,675 
    
   
   
 623 
    
   
   
 28,586 
    
   
   
 1,105 
    
   
   
 206,977 
    
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
    
   
 (5,683 
 )  
   
   
 (22,821 
 )  
   
   
 (3,387 
 )  
   
   
 (40,329 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (72,220 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
   
 459,451 
    
   
   
 622,036 
    
   
   
 406,557 
    
   
   
 386,415 
    
   
   
 411,619 
    
   
   
 2,286,078 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 329,993 
    
   
   
 486,773 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 127,192 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 943,958 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 45,862 
    
   
   
 207,735 
    
   
   
 220,736 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 474,333 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 398,232 
    
   
   
 1,651,700 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 108,078 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,158,010 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (28,753 
 )  
   
   
 7,718 
    
   
   
 1,107 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (19,928 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
    
   
 728,225 
    
   
   
 2,155,582 
    
   
   
 215,453 
    
   
   
 457,113 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,556,373 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 88,026 
    
   
   
 52,359 
    
   
   
 27,613 
    
   
   
 4,098 
    
   
   
 (1,625 
 )  
   
   
 170,471 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 161,749 
    
   
   
 350,201 
    
   
   
 (9,306 
 )  
   
   
 13,951 
    
   
   
 739 
    
   
   
 517,334 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
    
   
 249,775 
    
   
   
 402,560 
    
   
   
 18,307 
    
   
   
 18,049 
    
   
   
 (886 
 )  
   
   
 687,805 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 15,602 
    
   
   
 21,563 
    
   
   
 7,605 
    
   
   
 18,146 
    
   
   
 8,020 
    
   
   
 70,936 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 4,259 
    
   
   
 3,384 
    
   
   
 688 
    
   
   
 527 
    
   
   
 1,450 
    
   
   
 10,308 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 1,457,312 
    
   
   
 3,205,125 
    
   
   
 648,610 
    
   
   
 880,250 
    
   
   
 420,203 
    
   
   
 6,611,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 236,120 
    
   
   
 294,222 
    
   
   
 136,470 
    
   
   
 186,514 
    
   
   
 262,314 
    
   
   
 1,115,640 
    
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 38,953 
    
   
   
 148,837 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 69,411 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 257,201 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 23,878 
    
   
   
 65,793 
    
   
   
 111,244 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 200,915 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 342,733 
    
   
   
 566,837 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 57,147 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 966,717 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (15,015 
 )  
   
   
 2,856 
    
   
   
 508 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,651 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 617,806 
    
   
   
 1,018,759 
    
   
   
 205,119 
    
   
   
 424,824 
    
   
   
 262,314 
    
   
   
 2,528,822 
    
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 124,137 
    
   
   
 116,391 
    
   
   
 66,966 
    
   
   
 96,940 
    
   
   
 82,205 
    
   
   
 486,639 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 741,943 
    
   
   
 1,135,150 
    
   
   
 272,085 
    
   
   
 521,764 
    
   
   
 344,519 
    
   
   
 3,015,461 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 715,369 
    
   
 $ 
 2,069,975 
    
   
 $ 
 376,525 
    
   
 $ 
 358,486 
    
   
 $ 
 75,684 
    
   
 $ 
 3,596,039 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Assets 
    
 $ 
 4,444,227 
    
   
 $ 
 7,496,591 
    
   
 $ 
 1,325,631 
    
   
 $ 
 2,381,603 
    
   
 $ 
 781,469 
    
   
 $ 
 16,429,521 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      212
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Financial Advisory 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 348,594 
    
   
 $ 
 551,322 
    
   
 $ 
 346,210 
    
   
 $ 
 345,277 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,591,403 
    
 
   Advisory Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 357,417 
    
   
   
 357,417 
    
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 100,080 
    
   
   
 85,681 
    
   
   
 188 
    
   
   
 40,875 
    
   
   
 295 
    
   
   
 227,119 
    
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
    
   
 (5,926 
 )  
   
   
 (28,609 
 )  
   
   
 (1,414 
 )  
   
   
 (5,004 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (40,953 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
   
 442,748 
    
   
   
 608,394 
    
   
   
 344,984 
    
   
   
 381,148 
    
   
   
 357,712 
    
   
   
 2,134,986 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 109,797 
    
   
   
 165,114 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 52,511 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 327,422 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,656 
    
   
   
 83,433 
    
   
   
 192,375 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 301,464 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 148,381 
    
   
   
 683,764 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 162,045 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 994,190 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (119 
 )  
   
   
 9,042 
    
   
   
 (38,234 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (29,311 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
    
   
 258,178 
    
   
   
 874,415 
    
   
   
 92,475 
    
   
   
 368,697 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,593,765 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 25,823 
    
   
   
 45,302 
    
   
   
 7,270 
    
   
   
 15,611 
    
   
   
 1,392 
    
   
   
 95,398 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 85,337 
    
   
   
 90,875 
    
   
   
 8,517 
    
   
   
 4,769 
    
   
   
 1,348 
    
   
   
 190,846 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income 
    
   
 111,160 
    
   
   
 136,177 
    
   
   
 15,787 
    
   
   
 20,380 
    
   
   
 2,740 
    
   
   
 286,244 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 13,556 
    
   
   
 14,448 
    
   
   
 2,139 
    
   
   
 9,330 
    
   
   
 7,157 
    
   
   
 46,630 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 2,417 
    
   
   
 894 
    
   
   
 3,816 
    
   
   
 (1,174 
 )  
   
   
 (804 
 )  
   
   
 5,149 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 828,059 
    
   
   
 1,634,328 
    
   
   
 459,201 
    
   
   
 778,381 
    
   
   
 366,805 
    
   
   
 4,066,774 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 222,709 
    
   
   
 271,122 
    
   
   
 119,731 
    
   
   
 182,077 
    
   
   
 235,137 
    
   
   
 1,030,776 
    
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 3,679 
    
   
   
 62,418 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 30,336 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 96,433 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 13,060 
    
   
   
 23,080 
    
   
   
 103,902 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 140,042 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 58,555 
    
   
   
 165,482 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 97,562 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 321,599 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (583 
 )  
   
   
 1,317 
    
   
   
 (45,262 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (44,528 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 284,943 
    
   
   
 511,499 
    
   
   
 144,128 
    
   
   
 368,615 
    
   
   
 235,137 
    
   
   
 1,544,322 
    
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 130,845 
    
   
   
 123,714 
    
   
   
 57,809 
    
   
   
 84,488 
    
   
   
 84,589 
    
   
   
 481,445 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 415,788 
    
   
   
 635,213 
    
   
   
 201,937 
    
   
   
 453,103 
    
   
   
 319,726 
    
   
   
 2,025,767 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 412,271 
    
   
 $ 
 999,115 
    
   
 $ 
 257,264 
    
   
 $ 
 325,278 
    
   
 $ 
 47,079 
    
   
 $ 
 2,041,007 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment Assets 
    
 $ 
 4,625,310 
    
   
 $ 
 5,599,759 
    
   
 $ 
 876,881 
    
   
 $ 
 2,004,529 
    
   
 $ 
 749,000 
    
   
 $ 
 13,855,479 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      213
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2011 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Private Equity 
   
   
 Real Estate 
   
   
 Hedge Fund Solutions 
   
   
 Credit 
   
   
 Financial Advisory 
   
   
 Total Segments 
   


 
   Segment Revenues 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Base Management Fees 
    
 $ 
 331,997 
    
   
 $ 
 394,778 
    
   
 $ 
 315,863 
    
   
 $ 
 238,547 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,281,185 
    
 
   Advisory Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 382,240 
    
   
   
 382,240 
    
 
   Transaction and Other Fees, Net 
    
   
 133,004 
    
   
   
 109,510 
    
   
   
 2,798 
    
   
   
 1,880 
    
   
   
 321 
    
   
   
 247,513 
    
 
   Management Fee Offsets 
    
   
 (27,073 
 )  
   
   
 (4,950 
 )  
   
   
 (980 
 )  
   
   
 (390 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (33,393 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Management and Advisory Fees, Net 
    
   
 437,928 
    
   
   
 499,338 
    
   
   
 317,681 
    
   
   
 240,037 
    
   
   
 382,561 
    
   
   
 1,877,545 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Performance Fees 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 37,393 
    
   
   
 22,844 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 78,670 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 138,907 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,629 
    
   
   
 11,472 
    
   
   
 67,928 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 89,029 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 33,490 
    
   
   
 913,418 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 24,610 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 971,518 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,658 
    
   
   
 774 
    
   
   
 (29,360 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (24,928 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Performance Fees 
    
   
 70,883 
    
   
   
 949,549 
    
   
   
 12,246 
    
   
   
 141,848 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,174,526 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Investment Income (Loss) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
   
 44,988 
    
   
   
 27,972 
    
   
   
 17,722 
    
   
   
 11,299 
    
   
   
 594 
    
   
   
 102,575 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
   
 9,476 
    
   
   
 92,648 
    
   
   
 (19,031 
 )  
   
   
 (708 
 )  
   
   
 304 
    
   
   
 82,689 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Investment Income (Loss) 
    
   
 54,464 
    
   
   
 120,620 
    
   
   
 (1,309 
 )  
   
   
 10,591 
    
   
   
 898 
    
   
   
 185,264 
    
 
   Interest and Dividend Revenue 
    
   
 13,749 
    
   
   
 12,902 
    
   
   
 2,025 
    
   
   
 3,369 
    
   
   
 6,799 
    
   
   
 38,844 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,810 
    
   
   
 (1,061 
 )  
   
   
 7,902 
    
   
   
 (853 
 )  
   
   
 (383 
 )  
   
   
 7,415 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Revenues 
    
   
 578,834 
    
   
   
 1,581,348 
    
   
   
 338,545 
    
   
   
 394,992 
    
   
   
 389,875 
    
   
   
 3,283,594 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation and Benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Compensation 
    
   
 217,556 
    
   
   
 236,771 
    
   
   
 128,959 
    
   
   
 128,588 
    
   
   
 248,695 
    
   
   
 960,569 
    
 
   Performance Fee Compensation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 1,465 
    
   
   
 10,103 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 32,047 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 43,615 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,564 
    
   
   
 3,498 
    
   
   
 47,850 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 55,912 
    
 
   Unrealized 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Carried Interest 
    
   
 (2,229 
 )  
   
   
 221,140 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,033 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 237,944 
    
 
   Incentive Fees 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,106 
    
   
   
 234 
    
   
   
 (24,099 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (20,759 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 216,792 
    
   
   
 475,684 
    
   
   
 132,691 
    
   
   
 203,419 
    
   
   
 248,695 
    
   
   
 1,277,281 
    
 
   Other Operating Expenses 
    
   
 120,918 
    
   
   
 103,859 
    
   
   
 65,072 
    
   
   
 49,955 
    
   
   
 81,538 
    
   
   
 421,342 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Expenses 
    
   
 337,710 
    
   
   
 579,543 
    
   
   
 197,763 
    
   
   
 253,374 
    
   
   
 330,233 
    
   
   
 1,698,623 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 241,124 
    
   
 $ 
 1,001,805 
    
   
 $ 
 140,782 
    
   
 $ 
 141,618 
    
   
 $ 
 59,642 
    
   
 $ 
 1,584,971 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      214
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       
  The following table reconciles the Total Segments to Blackstone’s Income Before
Provision for Taxes and Total Assets as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Total Segments 
   
    
 Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
   
   
 Blackstone Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 6,611,500 
    
    
 $ 
 1,668 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 6,613,168 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
 $ 
 3,015,461 
    
    
 $ 
 851,279 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 3,866,740 
    
 
   Other Income 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 402,133 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 402,133 
    
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 3,596,039 
    
    
 $ 
 (447,478 
 )(d)  
   
 $ 
 3,148,561 
    
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 16,429,521 
    
    
 $ 
 13,249,085 
 (e)  
   
 $ 
 29,678,606 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 and the Year Then Ended 
   
 
   
    
 Total Segments 
   
    
 Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
   
   
 Blackstone Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 4,066,774 
    
    
 $ 
 (47,333 
 )(a)  
   
 $ 
 4,019,441 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
 $ 
 2,025,767 
    
    
 $ 
 1,234,914 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 3,260,681 
    
 
   Other Income 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 256,145 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 256,145 
    
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 2,041,007 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,026,102 
 )(d)  
   
 $ 
 1,014,905 
    
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 13,855,479 
    
    
 $ 
 15,076,073 
 (e)  
   
 $ 
 28,931,552 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2011 
   
 
   
    
 Total Segments 
   
    
 Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
   
   
 Blackstone Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 3,283,594 
    
    
 $ 
 (31,018 
 )(a)  
   
 $ 
 3,252,576 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
 $ 
 1,698,623 
    
    
 $ 
 1,689,446 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 3,388,069 
    
 
   Other Income 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 212,751 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 212,751 
    
 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 1,584,971 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,507,713 
 )(d)  
   
 $ 
 77,258 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Revenues adjustment represents management and performance fees earned from Blackstone Funds which were eliminated in consolidation to arrive at Blackstone
consolidated revenues and non-segment related Investment Income, which is included in Blackstone consolidated revenues.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The Expenses adjustment represents the addition of expenses of the consolidated Blackstone Funds to the Blackstone unconsolidated expenses, amortization of intangibles
and expenses related to transaction-related equity-based compensation to arrive at Blackstone consolidated expenses.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The Other Income adjustment results from the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Fund Management Fees and Performance Fees Eliminated in Consolidation and Transactional Investment Loss 
    
 $ 
 (5,575 
 )  
   
 $ 
 43,393 
    
   
 $ 
 21,000 
    
 
   Fund Expenses Added in Consolidation 
    
   
 30,727 
    
   
   
 37,548 
    
   
   
 30,129 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Income (Loss) of Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 381,872 
    
   
   
 203,557 
    
   
   
 (16,916 
 )  
 
   Transaction-Related Other Income (Loss) 
    
   
 (4,891 
 )  
   
   
 (28,353 
 )  
   
   
 178,538 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
    
 $ 
 402,133 
    
   
 $ 
 256,145 
    
   
 $ 
 212,751 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      215
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 
 
 (d) 
 The reconciliation of Economic Income to Income Before Provision for Taxes as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations consists of the following:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Economic Income 
    
 $ 
 3,596,039 
    
   
 $ 
 2,041,007 
    
   
 $ 
 1,584,971 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Adjustments 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of Intangibles 
    
   
 (106,643 
 )  
   
   
 (150,148 
 )  
   
   
 (220,865 
 )  
 
   IPO and Acquisition-Related Charges 
    
   
 (722,707 
 )  
   
   
 (1,079,511 
 )  
   
   
 (1,269,932 
 )  
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Income (Loss) of Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 381,872 
    
   
   
 203,557 
    
   
   
 (16,916 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Consolidation Adjustments and Reconciling Items 
    
   
 (447,478 
 )  
   
   
 (1,026,102 
 )  
   
   
 (1,507,713 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 3,148,561 
    
   
 $ 
 1,014,905 
    
   
 $ 
 77,258 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (e) 
 The Total Assets adjustment represents the addition of assets of the consolidated Blackstone Funds to the Blackstone unconsolidated assets to arrive at Blackstone
consolidated assets.  
  22.    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
  There have been no events since December 31, 2013 that require recognition or disclosure in the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  
  23.    QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 2013 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 September 30, 2013 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,246,473 
    
    
 $ 
 1,440,470 
    
    
 $ 
 1,216,845 
    
    
 $ 
 2,709,380 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
   
 835,101 
    
    
   
 914,762 
    
    
   
 786,405 
    
    
   
 1,330,472 
    
 
   Other Income 
    
   
 67,210 
    
    
   
 40,966 
    
    
   
 87,952 
    
    
   
 206,005 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 478,582 
    
    
 $ 
 566,674 
    
    
 $ 
 518,392 
    
    
 $ 
 1,584,913 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 427,589 
    
    
 $ 
 510,592 
    
    
 $ 
 460,915 
    
    
 $ 
 1,493,823 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 167,635 
    
    
 $ 
 211,148 
    
    
 $ 
 171,164 
    
    
 $ 
 621,255 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Income Per Common Unit—Basic and Diluted 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common Units—Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.29 
    
    
 $ 
 0.36 
    
    
 $ 
 0.29 
    
    
 $ 
 1.05 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Common Units—Diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.29 
    
    
 $ 
 0.36 
    
    
 $ 
 0.29 
    
    
 $ 
 1.04 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared (a) 
    
 $ 
 0.42 
    
    
 $ 
 0.30 
    
    
 $ 
 0.23 
    
    
 $ 
 0.23 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      216
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (All Dollars Are in Thousands, Except Unit and Per Unit Data, Except Where Noted)  
       

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 2012 
   
    
 June 30, 2012 
   
   
 September 30, 2012 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 952,036 
    
    
 $ 
 627,203 
    
   
 $ 
 1,223,089 
    
   
 $ 
 1,217,113 
    
 
   Expenses 
    
   
 783,793 
    
    
   
 739,819 
    
   
   
 851,390 
    
   
   
 885,679 
    
 
   Other Income (Loss) 
    
   
 288,142 
    
    
   
 248,230 
    
   
   
 (135,960 
 )  
   
   
 (144,267 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income Before Provision for Taxes 
    
 $ 
 456,385 
    
    
 $ 
 135,614 
    
   
 $ 
 235,739 
    
   
 $ 
 187,167 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 417,632 
    
    
 $ 
 94,277 
    
   
 $ 
 196,502 
    
   
 $ 
 121,471 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. 
    
 $ 
 58,325 
    
    
 $ 
 (74,964 
 )  
   
 $ 
 128,824 
    
   
 $ 
 106,413 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Income (Loss) Per Common Unit—Basic and Diluted 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Units—Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.12 
    
    
 $ 
 (0.14 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.24 
    
   
 $ 
 0.19 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Common Units—Diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.11 
    
    
 $ 
 (0.14 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.24 
    
   
 $ 
 0.19 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Distributions Declared (a) 
    
 $ 
 0.22 
    
    
 $ 
 0.10 
    
   
 $ 
 0.10 
    
   
 $ 
 0.10 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Distributions declared reflects the calendar date of the declaration of each distribution.  

      217
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 8A. 
 UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTAL PRESENTATION OF STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION    THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.    Unaudited Consolidating Statements of
Financial Condition    (Dollars in Thousands)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Consolidated Operating Partnerships 
   
    
 Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
   
    
 Reclasses and Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 831,998 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 831,998 
    
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
    
   
 251,554 
    
    
   
 794,328 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,045,882 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 9,739,140 
    
    
   
 12,493,961 
    
    
   
 (503,578 
 )  
   
   
 21,729,523 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
    
   
 507,612 
    
    
   
 380,744 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 888,356 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 148,984 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 148,984 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
    
   
 1,138,002 
    
    
   
 108,131 
    
    
   
 (54,089 
 )  
   
   
 1,192,044 
    
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
    
   
 560,748 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 560,748 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,787,392 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,787,392 
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 254,884 
    
    
   
 29,588 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 284,472 
    
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
    
   
 1,209,207 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,209,207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 16,429,521 
    
    
 $ 
 13,806,752 
    
    
 $ 
 (557,667 
 )  
   
 $ 
 29,678,606 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
    
 $ 
 1,664,305 
    
    
 $ 
 8,802,199 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 10,466,504 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
    
   
 1,261,562 
    
    
   
 249,702 
    
    
   
 (74,405 
 )  
   
   
 1,436,859 
    
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
    
   
 2,132,939 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,132,939 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
    
   
 76,195 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 76,195 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
    
   
 316,352 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 316,352 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
    
   
 299,813 
    
    
   
 572,273 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 872,086 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 5,751,166 
    
    
   
 9,624,174 
    
    
   
 (74,405 
 )  
   
   
 15,300,935 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,950,442 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,950,442 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 6,002,592 
    
    
   
 495,229 
    
    
   
 (495,229 
 )  
   
   
 6,002,592 
    
 
   Appropriated Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 300,708 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 300,708 
    
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 1,230 
    
    
   
 2,236 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,466 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
    
   
 1,018,117 
    
    
   
 1,433,963 
    
    
   
 11,967 
    
   
   
 2,464,047 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
    
   
 3,656,416 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,656,416 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
    
   
 10,678,355 
    
    
   
 2,232,136 
    
    
   
 (483,262 
 )  
   
   
 12,427,229 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
    
 $ 
 16,429,521 
    
    
 $ 
 13,806,752 
    
    
 $ 
 (557,667 
 )  
   
 $ 
 29,678,606 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      218
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P.  
 Unaudited Consolidating Statements of Financial Condition—(Continued)  
 (Dollars in Thousands)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Consolidated Operating Partnerships 
   
   
 Consolidated Blackstone Funds (a) 
   
   
 Reclasses and Eliminations 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
 $ 
 709,502 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 709,502 
    
 
   Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other 
   
   
 154,555 
    
   
   
 1,249,856 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,404,411 
    
 
   Investments 
   
   
 7,324,538 
    
   
   
 14,004,268 
    
   
   
 (481,536 
 )  
   
   
 20,847,270 
    
 
   Accounts Receivable 
   
   
 402,395 
    
   
   
 235,769 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 638,164 
    
 
   Reverse Repurchase Agreements 
   
   
 248,018 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 248,018 
    
 
   Due from Affiliates 
   
   
 1,114,835 
    
   
   
 42,683 
    
   
   
 (37,451 
 )  
   
   
 1,120,067 
    
 
   Intangible Assets, Net 
   
   
 598,535 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 598,535 
    
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 1,703,602 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,703,602 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 313,888 
    
   
   
 63,618 
    
   
   
 (1,134 
 )  
   
   
 376,372 
    
 
   Deferred Tax Assets 
   
   
 1,285,611 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,285,611 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 13,855,479 
    
   
 $ 
 15,596,194 
    
   
 $ 
 (520,121 
 )  
   
 $ 
 28,931,552 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Loans Payable 
   
 $ 
 1,677,081 
    
   
 $ 
 11,374,323 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 13,051,404 
    
 
   Due to Affiliates 
   
   
 1,711,003 
    
   
   
 358,448 
    
   
   
 (66,807 
 )  
   
   
 2,002,644 
    
 
   Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
   
   
 1,254,978 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,254,978 
    
 
   Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased 
   
   
 226,425 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 226,425 
    
 
   Repurchase Agreements 
   
   
 142,266 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 142,266 
    
 
   Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
   
   
 365,005 
    
   
   
 674,454 
    
   
   
 (571 
 )  
   
   
 1,038,888 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 5,376,758 
    
   
   
 12,407,225 
    
   
   
 (67,378 
 )  
   
   
 17,716,605 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,556,185 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,556,185 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 4,955,649 
    
   
   
 455,309 
    
   
   
 (455,309 
 )  
   
   
 4,955,649 
    
 
   Appropriated Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 509,028 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 509,028 
    
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
   
   
 1,047 
    
   
   
 1,123 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,170 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities 
   
   
 773,669 
    
   
   
 667,324 
    
   
   
 2,566 
    
   
   
 1,443,559 
    
 
   Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings 
   
   
 2,748,356 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,748,356 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Partners’ Capital 
   
   
 8,478,721 
    
   
   
 1,632,784 
    
   
   
 (452,743 
 )  
   
   
 9,658,762 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Partners’ Capital 
   
 $ 
 13,855,479 
    
   
 $ 
 15,596,194 
    
   
 $ 
 (520,121 
 )  
   
 $ 
 28,931,552 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Consolidated Blackstone Funds consisted of the following:    Blackstone Distressed Securities Fund L.P.    Blackstone Hedged Equity Fund L.P.*
   Blackstone Market Opportunities Fund L.P.    Blackstone Strategic Alliance Fund L.P.    Blackstone Strategic Alliance Fund II
L.P.    Blackstone Strategic Equity Fund L.P.    Blackstone Value Recovery Fund L.P.    Blackstone/GSO Secured Trust Ltd.  
 BTD CP Holdings, LP  
      219
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  GSO Legacy Associates II LLC  
 GSO Legacy Associates LLC    Shanghai Blackstone Equity Investment Partnership L.P.    BREP Edens Investment
Partners L.P.**    Private equity side-by-side investment vehicles  
 Real estate side-by-side investment vehicles    Mezzanine side-by-side investment vehicles    Collateralized loan obligation
vehicles    * Consolidated as of December 31, 2012 only.  
 ** Consolidated as of December 31, 2013 only.      
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The
design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired objectives.    Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act as
of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are effective at the reasonable assurance level to accomplish their objectives of ensuring that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    No changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a–15(f) and 15d–15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) occurred during our most recent quarter, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      220
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 Management of The Blackstone Group L.P. and subsidiaries (“Blackstone”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
 Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of Blackstone’s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
   Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2013 based on the framework established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has
determined that Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 was effective.  
 Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited Blackstone’s financial statements
included in this report on Form 10-K and issued its report on the effectiveness of Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, which is included herein.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION  
 Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (“ITRA”), which added
Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, Blackstone hereby incorporates by reference herein Exhibit 99.1 of each of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2013, August 8, 2013 and November 8, 2013 as well as Exhibit 99.1 of
this report, which includes disclosures publicly filed and/or provided to us by Travelport Limited, which may be considered our affiliate.  
      221
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART III.      
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    Directors and Executive Officers of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.    The
directors and executive officers of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. as of the date of this filing, are:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Age 
    
   Position 


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
 67 
    
   Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
 63 
    
   President, Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
 65 
    
   Vice Chairman and Director 
 
   Jonathan D. Gray 
    
 44 
    
   Global Head of Real Estate and Director 
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
 46 
    
   Chief Financial Officer 
 
   John G. Finley 
    
 57 
    
   Chief Legal Officer 
 
   Joan Solotar 
    
 49 
    
   Senior Managing Director—External Relations and Strategy 
 
   Richard H. Jenrette 
    
 84 
    
   Director 
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
 72 
    
   Director 
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
 74 
    
   Director 
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
 68 
    
   Director 
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
 66 
    
   Director 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman  is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone and the
Chairman of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Schwarzman was elected Chairman of the board of directors of our general partner effective March 20, 2007. Mr. Schwarzman is a founder of Blackstone and has been involved
in all phases of the firm’s development since its founding in 1985. Mr. Schwarzman began his career at Lehman Brothers, where he was elected Managing Director in 1978. He was engaged principally in the firm’s mergers and acquisitions
business from 1977 to 1984, and served as Chairman of the firm’s Mergers & Acquisitions Committee in 1983 and 1984. Mr. Schwarzman is a member of The Council on Foreign Relations, The Business Council, The Business Roundtable, and
The International Business Council of the World Economic Forum. He serves on the boards of The New York Public Library, The Asia Society, The Board of Directors of The New York City Partnership and The Advisory Board of the School of Economics and
Management at Tsinghua University, Beijing. He is a Trustee of The Frick Collection in New York City and Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. Mr. Schwarzman was awarded the
Légion d’Honneur of France in 2007 and promoted to Officier by President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2010. Mr. Schwarzman holds a BA from Yale University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He has served as an adjunct professor at
the Yale School of Management and on the Harvard Business School Board of Dean’s Advisors. In 2012, he was awarded an Honorary Degree from Quinnipiac University.    Hamilton E. James  is President, Chief Operating Officer of Blackstone and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. James was elected to the board of directors of
our general partner effective March 20, 2007. Prior to joining Blackstone in 2002, Mr. James was Chairman of Global Investment Banking and Private Equity at Credit Suisse First Boston and a member of its Executive Board since the
acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, or “DLJ,” by Credit Suisse First Boston in 2000. Prior to the acquisition of DLJ, Mr. James was the Chairman of DLJ’s Banking Group, responsible for all the firm’s
investment banking and merchant banking activities and a member of its Board of Directors. Mr. James joined DLJ in 1975 as an Investment Banking associate. He became head of DLJ’s global mergers and acquisitions group in 1982, founded DLJ
Merchant Banking, Inc. in 1985, and was named Chairman of the Banking Group in 1995 with responsibility for all of the firm’s investment banking, alternative asset management and emerging market sales and trading activities. Mr. James is a
Director of Costco Wholesale Corporation and was, until March 1, 2013, a Director of Swift River Investments, Inc., and has served on a number of other corporate boards. Mr. James is
 
      222
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Trustee of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Trustee and member of The Executive Committee of the Second Stage Theatre, Vice Chairman of Trout Unlimited’s Coldwater Conservations Fund, Trustee
of Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute, Advisory Board Member of the Montana Land Reliance, Trustee of the Wildlife Conservation Society and Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Trustees of American Ballet Theatre. Mr. James received a BA from
Harvard College and an MBA from Harvard Business School.    J. Tomilson Hill  is President and Chief Executive
Officer of Blackstone Alternative Asset Management (“BAAM”), a Vice Chairman of The Blackstone Group L.P. and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Hill was elected to the board of directors of our general
partner effective March 20, 2007. Mr. Hill previously served as Co-Head of the Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory group before assuming his role as Chief Executive Officer of BAAM. In his current capacity, Mr. Hill is
responsible for overseeing the day-to-day activities of the group, including investment management, client relationships, marketing, operations and administration. Before joining Blackstone in 1993, Mr. Hill began his career at First Boston,
later becoming one of the Co-Founders of its Mergers & Acquisitions Department. After running the Mergers & Acquisitions Department at Smith Barney, he joined Lehman Brothers as a partner in 1982, serving as Co-Head and
subsequently Head of Investment Banking. Later, he served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Lehman Brothers and Co-President and Co-COO of Shearson Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. Mr. Hill is a graduate of Harvard College and the Harvard Business
School. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations where he chairs the Investment Committee and serves on the Council’s Board of Directors, and is a member of the Board of Directors of Lincoln Center Theater, where he is Chairman. He
serves on the Board of the Telluride Foundation, the Advantage Testing Foundation, and of Our Lady Queen of Angels School, a parochial school (K-8th grade) in Spanish Harlem. He is a member of the Board of Directors of OpenPeak Inc. and Advantage
Testing, Inc.    Jonathan D. Gray  is Global Head of Real Estate and a member of the board of directors of our
general partner. Mr. Gray was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective February 24, 2012. He also sits on the firm’s Management and Executive Committees. Since joining Blackstone in 1992, Mr. Gray has
helped build the largest real estate platform in the world with more than $50 billion in investor capital under management. Blackstone’s portfolio includes hotel, office, retail, industrial and residential properties in the U.S., Europe
and Asia. Major holdings include Hilton Worldwide, Equity Office Properties, Brixmor shopping centers and London’s Broadgate office complex. Mr. Gray received a BS in Economics from the Wharton School, as well as a BA in English from the
College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania, where he graduated magna cum laude and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. He currently serves as a board member of the Pension Real Estate Association and Trinity School and is Chairman of
the Board of Harlem Village Academies. Mr. Gray and his wife, Mindy, recently established the Basser Research Center at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine focused on the prevention and treatment of certain genetically caused
breast and ovarian cancers.    Laurence A. Tosi  is Blackstone’s Chief Financial Officer and a member of the
firm’s Management and Executive Committees. Before joining Blackstone in 2008, Mr. Tosi was a Managing Partner and the Chief Operating Officer of Global Markets and Investment Banking at Merrill Lynch & Co., a position which he
held since 2007. From 2004 through 2007, Mr. Tosi was Merrill Lynch’s Finance Director and Principal Accounting Officer responsible for global finance, including worldwide accounting, regulatory reporting, budgeting and corporate business
development. Prior to that, Mr. Tosi was Chief Financial Officer and Head of Merrill Lynch business finance from 2002 to 2004. He was also global Head of Corporate Development from 1999 to 2007 where he managed many of the firm’s strategic
acquisitions and investments. Mr. Tosi joined Merrill Lynch in 1999 prior to which he was Director of Business Development for General Electric Company’s NBC division. Mr. Tosi received a BA, a JD and an MBA from Georgetown University
where he currently serves on the University’s Board of Regents.    John G. Finley  is Chief Legal Officer of
Blackstone and a member of the firm’s Executive Committee. Before joining Blackstone in 2010, Mr. Finley had been a partner with Simpson Thacher & Bartlett for 22 years  
      223
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
where he was most recently a member of that law firm’s Executive Committee and Head of Global Mergers & Acquisitions. Mr. Finley is a member of the Advisory Board of the
Harvard Law School Program on Corporate Governance and the Board of Advisors of the University of Pennsylvania Institute of Law and Economics and has served as a Trustee of the Jewish Board of Family and Children Services. Mr. Finley received a
BS in Economics and a BA in History from the University of Pennsylvania, and a JD from Harvard Law School.    Joan
Solotar  is a Senior Managing Director, Head of the External Relations and Strategy Group of Blackstone and a member of the firm’s Management and Executive Committees. Ms. Solotar has management responsibility for shareholder
relations and public affairs and also guides the firm on analyzing strategic development opportunities. Before joining Blackstone in 2007, Ms. Solotar was with Banc of America Securities where she was a Managing Director and Head of Equity
Research. She started her career in equity research at The First Boston Corporation and prior to joining Bank of America was part of the financial services team at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and later with Credit Suisse First Boston as a
Managing Director. Ms. Solotar was ranked each year from 1995 to 2002 in the Brokers and Asset Management category on the Institutional Investor All-America Research Team, and consistently ranked highly in the Greenwich Survey of portfolio
managers. She also served as Chairperson of the Research Committee for the Securities Industry Association. Ms. Solotar received a BS in Management Information Systems at the State University of New York at Albany and an MBA in Finance at New
York University. She is currently on the Board of Directors of the East Harlem Tutorial Program.    Richard H.
Jenrette  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Jenrette was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective July 14, 2008. Mr. Jenrette is the retired former Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of The Equitable Companies Incorporated and the co-founder and retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc. He is also a former Chairman of The Securities Industry Association and has
served in the past as a director or trustee of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Advanced Micro Devices Inc., the American Stock Exchange, The Rockefeller Foundation, The Duke Endowment, the University of North Carolina, New York University and The
National Trust for Historic Preservation.    Rochelle B. Lazarus  is a member of the board of directors of our
general partner. Ms. Lazarus was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective July 9, 2013. Ms. Lazarus is Chairman Emeritus of Ogilvy & Mather and served as Chairman of that company from 1997 to June
2012. Prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, she also served as president of O&M Direct North America, Ogilvy & Mather New York, and Ogilvy & Mather North America. Ms. Lazarus currently serves on the
boards of Merck & Co., Inc., General Electric (where she chairs the Governance and Public Affairs Committee), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), World Wildlife Fund and Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. She is a
trustee of the New York Presbyterian Hospital and is a member of the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School. She is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and Women’s Forum, Inc.  
 Jay O. Light  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Light was elected to the board of
directors of our general partner effective September 18, 2008. Mr. Light is the Dean Emeritus of Harvard Business School and the George F. Baker Professor of Administration Emeritus. Prior to that, Mr. Light was the Dean of Harvard
Business School from 2006 to 2010. Before becoming the Dean of Harvard Business School, Mr. Light was Senior Associate Dean, Chairman of the Finance Area, and a professor teaching Investment Management, Capital Markets, and Entrepreneurial
Finance for 30 years. Mr. Light is a director of the Harvard Management Company, a director of Partners HealthCare (the Mass General and Brigham & Women’s Hospitals) and chairman of its Investment Committee, a member of the
Investment Committee of several endowments, a director of several private firms, and an advisor/trustee to several corporate and institutional pools of capital. In prior years until 2008, Mr. Light was a Trustee of the GMO Trusts, a family of
mutual funds for institutional investors.    The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney  is a member of the board of
directors of our general partner. Mr. Mulroney was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective June 21, 2007. Mr. Mulroney  
      224
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
is a senior partner and international business consultant for the Montreal law firm, Norton Rose Canada LLP. Prior to joining Norton Rose Canada, Mr. Mulroney was the eighteenth Prime
Minister of Canada from 1984 to 1993 and leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993. He served as the Executive Vice President of the Iron Ore Company of Canada and President beginning in 1977. Prior to that,
Mr. Mulroney served on the Cliché Commission of Inquiry in 1974. Mr. Mulroney is a Senior Advisor of Global Affairs at Barrick Gold Corporation. He also serves on Barrick’s board of directors and is the Chairman of their
International Advisory Board. Mr. Mulroney is also a member of the Board of Directors of Quebecor Inc., Quebecor Media Inc. and Wyndham Worldwide Corporation. In prior years until 2009, Mr. Mulroney was a member of the Board of Directors
of Archer Daniels Midland Company and Quebecor World Inc.    William G. Parrett  is a member of the board of
directors of our general partner. Mr. Parrett was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective November 9, 2007. Until May 31, 2007, Mr. Parrett served as the Chief Executive Officer of Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu. Certain of the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu or their subsidiaries and affiliates provide professional services to The Blackstone Group L.P. or its affiliates. Mr. Parrett co-founded the Global Financial Services Industry
practice of Deloitte and served as its first Chairman. Currently, Mr. Parrett is a member of the board of directors of the United States Council for International Business. Mr. Parrett is a member of the board of directors of Thermo Fisher
Scientific Inc., Eastman Kodak Company and UBS AG, and is Chairman of the audit committee of each of these companies as well as the Corporate Responsibility Committee of UBS and the Strategy and Finance Committee of Thermo Fisher. He is also a
member of the Board of Directors of iGATE and serves on the company’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Hall and a past Chairman of the Board of
Trustees of United Way Worldwide.    Board Composition    Our general partner seeks to ensure that the board of directors of our general partner is composed of members whose particular experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, when taken together, will
allow the board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively. In identifying candidates for membership on the board of directors of our general partner, Mr. Schwarzman takes into account (a) minimum individual qualifications, such
as strength of character, mature judgment, industry knowledge or experience and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the board of directors, and (b) all other factors he considers appropriate.  
 After conducting an initial evaluation of a candidate, Mr. Schwarzman will interview that candidate if he believes the candidate
might be suitable to be a director and may also ask the candidate to meet with other directors and senior management. If, following such interview and any consultations with senior management, Mr. Schwarzman believes a candidate would be a
valuable addition to the board of directors, he will appoint that individual to the board of directors of our general partner.  
 When considering whether the board’s directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to
enable the board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of the Partnership’s business and structure, Mr. Schwarzman focused on the information described in each of the board members’ biographical information
set forth above. In particular, with regard to Mr. Jenrette, Mr. Schwarzman considered his extensive financial background and experience in a variety of senior leadership roles, including his roles at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette,
Inc. and The Equitable Companies Incorporated. With regard to Ms. Lazarus, Mr. Schwarzman considered her extensive business background and her management experience in a variety of senior leadership roles at Ogilvy & Mather. With
regard to Mr. Light, Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished career as a professor and dean at Harvard Business School with extensive knowledge and expertise of the investment management and capital markets industries. With regard to
Mr. Mulroney, Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished career of government service, especially his service as the Prime Minister of Canada. With regard to Mr. Parrett, Mr. Schwarzman considered his significant experience,
expertise and background with regard to accounting matters and his leadership role at Deloitte. With regard to Messrs.  
      225
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
James, Hill and Gray, Mr. Schwarzman considered their leadership and extensive knowledge of our business and operations gained through their years of service at our firm and with regard to
himself, Mr. Schwarzman considered his role as founder and long-time chief executive officer of our firm.    Partnership Management and
Governance    Our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., manages all of our operations and activities. Our
general partner is authorized in general to perform all acts that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out our purposes and to conduct our business. Our partnership agreement provides that our general partner in managing our
operations and activities is entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and will have no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to give any consideration to any interest of or factors
affecting us or any limited partners, and will not be subject to any different standards imposed by the partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. Blackstone Group Management
L.L.C. is wholly owned by our senior managing directors and controlled by our founder, Mr. Schwarzman. Our common unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore have limited ability to influence
management’s decisions regarding our business. The voting rights of our common unitholders are limited as set forth in our partnership agreement and in the Delaware Limited Partnership Act.  
 Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. does not receive any compensation from us for services rendered to us as our general partner. Our
general partner is reimbursed by us for all expenses it incurs in carrying out its activities as general partner of the Partnership, including compensation paid by the general partner to its directors and the cost of directors and officers liability
insurance obtained by the general partner.    The limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.
establishes a board of directors that is responsible for the oversight of our business and operations. Our general partner’s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability company agreement, where our senior managing
directors have agreed that our founder, Mr. Schwarzman will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of our general partner. The limited liability company agreement of our general partner provides that at such time as
Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founder, Hamilton E. James will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of our general partner, and thereafter such power will revert to the members of our general partner holding a
majority in interest in our general partner. We refer to the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. as the “board of directors of our general partner.” The board of directors of our general partner has a total of nine
members including five members who are not officers or employees, and are otherwise independent, of Blackstone and its affiliates, including our general partner. These directors, namely Messrs. Jenrette, Light, Mulroney and Parrett and
Ms. Lazarus, to whom we refer as independent directors, meet the independence standards established by the New York Stock Exchange and SEC rules.    The board of directors of our general partner has three standing committees: the audit committee, the conflicts committee and the executive committee.  
 Audit Committee . The audit committee consists of Messrs. Parrett (Chairman), Jenrette and Light and Ms. Lazarus. The
purpose of the audit committee is to assist the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. in overseeing and monitoring (a) the quality and integrity of our financial statements, (b) our compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements, (c) our independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence, and (d) the performance of our independent registered public accounting firm. The members of the audit committee meet the
independence standards and financial literacy requirements for service on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to the New York Stock Exchange listing standards applicable to audit committees. The board of directors of our general
partner has determined that Mr. Parrett is an “audit committee financial expert” within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Parrett serves on the audit committees of four public companies, including
Blackstone. The board of directors of our general partner determined at its January 2014 meeting that upon consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances  
      226
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
known to the board of directors, Mr. Parrett’s simultaneous service on the audit committees of four public companies does not impair his ability to effectively serve on the audit
committee of the board of directors of our general partner. The audit committee has a charter, which is available on our internet website at http://ir.blackstone.com/governance.cfm.  
 Conflicts Committee . The conflicts committee consists of Messrs. Parrett, Jenrette and Light. The conflicts committee
reviews specific matters that our general partner’s board of directors believes may involve conflicts of interest. The conflicts committee determines if the resolution of any conflict of interest submitted to it is fair and reasonable to the
Partnership. Any matters approved by the conflicts committee are conclusively deemed to be fair and reasonable to us and not a breach by us of any duties we may owe to our common unitholders. In addition, the conflicts committee may review and
approve any related person transactions, other than those that are approved pursuant to our related person policy, as described under “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence”, and may
establish guidelines or rules to cover specific categories of transactions. The members of the conflicts committee meet the independence standards for service on an audit committee of a board of directors pursuant to federal and New York Stock
Exchange rules relating to corporate governance matters.    Executive Committee . The executive committee of the
board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. consists of Messrs. Schwarzman, James, Hill and Gray. The board of directors has delegated all of the power and authority of the full board of directors to the executive committee to act when
the board of directors is not in session.    Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  
 We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals, which apply to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Each of these codes is available on our internet website at http://ir.blackstone.com/governance.cfm. We intend to disclose any amendment to or waiver of the Code of Ethics for
Financial Professionals and any waiver of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on behalf of an executive officer or director either on our Internet website or in an 8-K filing.    Corporate Governance Guidelines    The board of directors of our general
partner has a governance policy, which addresses matters such as the board of directors’ responsibilities and duties and the board of directors’ composition and compensation. The governance policy is available on our internet website at
http://ir.blackstone.com/governance.cfm.    Communications to the Board of Directors  
 The non-management members of our general partner’s board of directors meet at least quarterly. The presiding director at these
non-management board member meetings is Mr. Parrett. All interested parties, including any employee or unitholder, may send communications to the non-management members of our general partner’s board of directors by writing to: The
Blackstone Group L.P., Attn: Audit Committee, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.    Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance    Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the executive officers and
directors of our general partner, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Partnership’s equity securities to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC and furnish the
Partnership with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us or written representations from such persons that they were not required to file a Form 5
to report previously unreported ownership or changes in ownership, we believe that, with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, such persons complied with all such filing requirements.  
      227
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    Compensation
Discussion and Analysis    Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Program  
 The intellectual capital collectively possessed by our senior managing directors (including our named executive officers) and other
employees is the most important asset of our firm. We invest in people. We hire qualified people, train them, encourage them to provide their best thinking to the firm for the benefit of the investors in our funds and our advisory clients, and
compensate them in a manner designed to retain and motivate them and align their interests with those of the investors in the funds we manage and the clients we advise.    Our overriding compensation philosophy for our senior managing directors and certain other employees is that compensation should be composed primarily of (a) annual cash payments tied to the
performance of the applicable business unit(s) in which such employee works, (b) performance interests (comprised primarily of carried interest and incentive fee interests) tied to the performance of the investments made by the funds in the
business unit in which such employee works or for which he or she has responsibility, (c) deferred equity awards reflecting the value of our common units, and (d) additional cash payments and deferred equity awards tied to extraordinary
performance of such employee or other circumstances (for example, if there has been a change of role or responsibility). We believe base salary should represent a significantly lesser component of total compensation. We believe the appropriate
combination of annual cash payments and performance interests or deferred equity awards encourages our senior managing directors and other employees to focus on the underlying performance of our investment funds and objectives of our advisory
clients, as well as the overall performance of the firm and interests of our common unitholders. To that end, the primary form of compensation to our senior managing directors and other employees who work in our carry fund operations is generally a
combination of annual cash payments related to the performance of those carry fund operations, carried interest or incentive fee interests and, in specified cases, deferred equity awards. Along the same lines, the primary form of compensation to our
senior managing directors and other employees who do not work in our carry fund operations is generally a combination of annual cash payments tied to the performance of the applicable business unit in which such employee works and deferred equity
awards which are generally a prescribed percentage of their annual cash payments under our Deferred Compensation Plan.  
 Employees at higher total compensation levels are generally targeted to receive a greater percentage of their total compensation payable
in participation in performance interests, cash bonus amounts and deferred equity awards and a lesser percentage in cash compared to employees who are paid less. We believe that the proportion of compensation that is “at risk” (that is,
performance interests and deferred equity awards) should increase as an employee’s level of responsibility rises. In general, our named executive officers with the highest level of responsibility have the lowest percentage of their compensation
fixed in the form of base salary and the highest percentage of their compensation at risk.    Our compensation program includes
significant elements that discourage excessive risk taking and aligns the compensation of our employees with the long-term performance of the firm. For example, notwithstanding the fact that for accounting purposes we accrue compensation for the
Performance Plans (as defined below) related to our carry funds as increases in the carrying value of the portfolio investments are recorded in those carry funds, we only make cash payments related to carried interest to our employees when
profitable investments have been realized and cash is distributed first to the investors in our funds, followed by the firm and only then to employees of the firm. Moreover, if a carry fund fails to achieve specified investment returns due to
diminished performance of later investments, our Performance Plans entitle us to “clawback” carried interest payments previously made to an employee for the benefit of the limited partner investors in that fund, and we escrow a portion of
all carried interest payments made to employees to help fund their potential future “clawback” obligations, all of which further discourages excessive risk-taking by our employees. Similarly, for our investment funds that pay incentive
fees, those incentive fees are only paid to the firm and employees of the firm to the extent an applicable fund’s portfolio of investments has profitably appreciated in value (in most cases
 
      228
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
above a specified level) during the applicable period. In addition, and as noted below with respect to our named executive officers, the requirement that we have our professional employees invest
in certain of the funds they manage directly aligns the interests of our professionals and our investors. In most cases, these investments represent a significant percentage of employees’ after-tax compensation. Lastly, because our deferred
equity awards have significant vesting or deferral provisions, the actual amount of compensation realized by the recipient will be tied directly to the long-term performance of our common units.  
 We believe our current compensation and benefit allocations for senior professionals are best in class and are consistent with companies
in the alternative asset management and financial advisory industries. We do not generally rely on compensation surveys or compensation consultants. Our senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness and competitiveness of our compensation
program, and such reviews may in the future involve the assistance of independent consultants.    Personal Investment
Obligations . As part of our compensation philosophy and program, we require our named executive officers to personally invest their own capital in and alongside the funds that we manage. We believe that this strengthens the alignment of
interests among our executive officers and the investors in those investment funds. (See “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Side-By-Side and Other Investment Transactions”.)
In determining compensation for our named executive officers, we do not take into account the gains or losses attributable to the personal investments by our named executive officers in our investment funds.  
 We also require each of our named executive officers to hold at least 25% of their vested units throughout their employment with the firm
and thereafter until the expiration of the covenants included in their respective non-competition and non-solicitation agreements, which are described below. We believe the continued ownership by our named executive officers of significant amounts
of our equity through their direct and indirect interests in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships affords significant alignment of interests with our common unitholders.    Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers    The key elements
of the compensation of the executive officers listed in the tables below (“named executive officers”) for 2013 were base compensation, which is composed of base salary, cash bonus and equity-based compensation, and performance
compensation, which is composed of carried interest and incentive fee allocations:    1.  Base Salary . Each named executive
officer received a $350,000 annual base salary in 2013, which equals the total yearly partnership drawings that were received by each of our senior managing directors prior to our initial public offering in 2007. In keeping with historical practice,
we continue to pay this amount as a base salary.    2.  Annual Cash Payments / Deferred Equity Awards . Since our initial
public offering, Mr. Schwarzman has not received any compensation other than the $350,000 annual salary described above and the actual realized carried interest gain distributions or incentive fees he may receive in respect of his participation
in the carried interest or incentive fees earned from our funds through our Performance Plans described below. We believe that having Mr. Schwarzman’s compensation largely based on ownership of a portion of the carried interest or
incentive fees earned from our funds aligns his interests with those of the investors in our funds and our common unitholders.  
 Each of our named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman received annual cash payments in 2013 in addition to their base
salary. These cash payments included participation interests in the earnings of the firm’s various investment and advisory businesses. Mr. Hill, who has primary responsibility for Hedge Fund Solutions, our funds of hedge funds operation,
also received cash payments that were based upon the performance of that  
      229
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
business. Indicative participation interests for each year were disclosed to a named executive officer at the beginning of such year and represented estimates of the expected percentage
participation that such named executive officer may have had in the relevant business unit(s)’ earnings for that same year. However, the ultimate cash payments paid to the named executive officers at the end of the year in respect of their
participation interests were determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman, in consultation with Mr. James, as described below. Earnings for a business unit are calculated based on the annual operating income of that business unit and are
generally a function of the performance of such business unit, which is evaluated by Mr. Schwarzman and subject to modification by Mr. Schwarzman or by the firm in its sole discretion. The ultimate cash payment amounts were based on
(a) the prior and anticipated performance of the named executive officer, (b) the prior and anticipated performance of the segments and product lines in which the officer serves and for which he has responsibility, and (c) the
estimated participation interests given to the officer at the beginning of the year in respect of the investments to be made in that year. We make annual cash payments in the first quarter of the ensuing year to reward individual performance for the
prior year. The ultimate cash payments that are made are fully discretionary as further discussed below under “—Determination of Incentive Compensation”.    Certain key personnel participate in our Deferred Compensation Plan. For 2013, Mr. Hill was the only named executive officer to participate in our Deferred Compensation Plan. The Deferred
Compensation Plan provides for the automatic, mandatory deferral of a portion of each participant’s annual cash payment. The portion deferred is prescribed under the Deferred Compensation Plan. By deferring a portion of a participant’s
compensation for up to four years, the Deferred Compensation Plan acts as an employment retention mechanism and thereby enhances the alignment of interests between such participant and the firm. (See “—Narrative Disclosure to Summary
Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2013—Deferred Compensation Plan”.) Many asset managers that are public companies utilize deferred compensation plans as a means of retaining and motivating their professionals, and we
believe that it is in the interest of our common unitholders to do the same for our personnel. On January 13, 2014, Mr. Hill received an equity award under the Deferred Compensation Plan of deferred restricted common units in respect of
his service in 2013, which was approximately equal to (and paid in lieu of) 52% of the annual cash payment that he would have otherwise been paid, as described below. Mr. Hill is also eligible to receive a premium award in an amount equal to
the specified percentage of his deferred amount as described below under “Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2013 Table.” On January 13, 2014, Mr. Hill received an additional equity award of deferred restricted
common units as a premium award under the Deferred Compensation Plan, which was equal to 20% of his deferral amount. Both these awards are reflected in Mr. Hill’s 2013 stock awards in the Summary Compensation Table and in the Grants of
Plan-Based Awards Table in 2013.    In 2013, Mr. Tosi received a discretionary award of 34,734 Blackstone Holdings
Partnership Units and Mr. Finley received a discretionary award of 11,578 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, in each case under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan in respect of his service in 2012. This award is reflected in the named executive
officers’ 2012 stock awards in the Summary Compensation Table.    3.  Participation in Performance Fees . During 2013,
all of our named executive officers participated in the carried interest of our carry funds or the incentive fees of our funds that pay incentive fees through their participation interests in the carry or incentive fee pools generated by these
funds. The carry or incentive fee pool with respect to each fund in a given year is funded by a fixed percentage of the total amount of carried interest or incentive fees earned by Blackstone for such fund in that year. We refer to these pools and
employee participation therein as our “Performance Plans” and payments made thereunder as performance payments. Because the aggregate amount of performance payments payable through our Performance Plans is directly tied to the performance
of the funds, we believe this fosters a strong alignment of interests among the investors in those funds and these named executive officers, and therefore benefits our unitholders. In addition, most alternative asset managers, including several of
our competitors, use participation in carried interest or incentive fees as a central means of compensating and motivating their professionals, and we believe that we must do the same in order to attract and retain the most qualified personnel. For
purposes of our financial statements, we are treating the income allocated to all our personnel who have participation interests in the carried interest or  
      230
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
incentive fees generated by our funds as compensation, and the amounts of carried interest and incentive fees earned by named executive officers are reflected as “All Other
Compensation” in the Summary Compensation Table. Cash payments in respect of our Performance Plans for each named executive officer are determined on the basis of the percentage participation in the relevant investments previously allocated to
that named executive officer, which percentage participations are established in January in each year in respect of the investments to be made in that year. The percentage participation for a named executive officer may vary from year to year and
fund to fund due to several factors, and may include changes in the size and composition of the pool of Blackstone personnel participating in such Performance Plan in a given year, the performance of our various businesses, new developments in our
businesses and product lines, and the named executive officer’s leadership and oversight of the business or corporate function for which the named executive officer is responsible and such named executive officer’s contributions with
respect to our strategic initiatives and development. In addition, certain of our employees, including our named executive officers, may participate in profit sharing initiatives relating to certain Blackstone firm investments and may receive
allocations of investment income from these investments, although no such investment income has yet been realized, or may receive equity awards in our investment advisory clients.  
 (a)  Carried Interest.  Carried interest cash distributions to our named executive officers and other employees who participate in
our Performance Plans relating to our carry funds depends on the realized proceeds and timing of the cash realizations of the investments owned by the carry funds in which they participate. Our carry fund agreements also set forth specified
preconditions to a carried interest distribution, which typically include that there must have been a positive return on the relevant investment and that the fund must be above its carried interest hurdle rate. In addition, as described below,
employees or senior managing directors may also be required to have fulfilled specified service requirements in order to be eligible to receive carried interest distributions. For our carry funds, carried interest distributions for the named
executive officer’s participation interests are generally made to the named executive officer following the actual realization of the investment, although a portion of such carried interest is held back by the firm in respect of any future
“clawback” obligation related to the fund. In allocating participation interests in the carry pools, we have not historically taken into account or based such allocations on any prior or projected triggering of any “clawback”
obligation related to any fund. To the extent any “clawback” obligation were to be triggered, carried interest previously distributed to a named executive officer would have to be returned to the limited partners of such fund, thereby
reducing the named executive officer’s overall compensation for any such year. Moreover, because a carried interest recipient (including Blackstone itself) may have to fund more than his or her respective share of a “clawback”
obligation under the governing documents (generally, up to an additional 50%), there is the possibility that the compensation paid to a named executive officer for any given year could be significantly reduced or even negative in the event a
“clawback” obligation were to arise.    Participation in carried interest generated by our carry funds for all
participating named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman is subject to vesting. Vesting serves as an employment retention mechanism and thereby enhances the alignment of interests between a participant in our Performance Plans and the
firm. For carried interest allocated prior to December 31, 2012, each participating named executive officer (other than Mr. Schwarzman) vests in 25% of the carried interest related to an investment immediately upon the closing of the
investment by a carry fund with the remainder vesting in equal installments on the first through third anniversary of the closing of that investment (unless an investment is realized prior to the expiration of such three-year anniversary, in which
case such executive officer is deemed 100% vested in the proceeds of such realizations). For carried interest allocated after December 31, 2012, the carried interest related to an investment vests in equal installments on the first through
fourth anniversary of the closing of that investment. In addition, any named executive officer that is retirement eligible will automatically vest in 50% of their otherwise unvested carried interest allocation upon retirement. See
“—Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements—Retirement.” We believe that vesting of carried interest participation enhances the stability of our senior management team and provides greater incentives for our named executive
officers to remain at the firm. Due to his unique status as a founder and the long-time chief executive officer of our firm, Mr. Schwarzman vests in 100% of his carried interest participation related to any investment by a carry fund upon the
closing of that investment.  
      231
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  (b)  Incentive Fees.  Cash distributions of incentive fees to our named executive
officers and other employees who participate in our Performance Plans relating to the funds that pay incentive fees depends on the performance of the investments owned by those funds in which they participate. For our investment funds that pay
incentive fees, those incentive fees are only paid to the firm and employees of the firm to the extent an applicable fund’s portfolio of investments has profitably appreciated in value (in most cases above a specified level) during the
applicable period and following the calculation of the profit split (if any) between the fund’s general partner or investment adviser and the fund’s investors, which occurs once a year (generally December 31 or June 30 of each
year).    (c)  Advisory Client Interests . Compensation we receive from investment advisory clients in the form of
securities may be allocated to employees and senior managing directors. For example, in 2013, Messrs. Schwarzman, James, Tosi and Finley were each allocated restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT in connection with advisory services
provided by Blackstone to BXMT.    4.  Other Benefits . Upon the consummation of our initial public offering in June 2007,
we entered into a founding member agreement with our founder, Mr. Schwarzman, which provides specified benefits to him following his retirement. (See “—Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards
in 2013—Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement”.) Mr. Schwarzman is provided certain security services, including home security systems and monitoring, and personal and related security services. These security services are provided for
our benefit, and the board of directors of our general partner considers the related expenses to be appropriate business expenses rather than personal benefits for Mr. Schwarzman. Nevertheless, the expenses associated with these security
services are reflected in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table below.    Determination of
Incentive Compensation    As our founder, Mr. Schwarzman sets his own compensation and reserves final approval of
each named executive officer’s compensation, based in large part on recommendations from Mr. James, other than with respect to Mr. James’s own compensation. For 2013, these decisions were based primarily on
Mr. Schwarzman’s and Mr. James’s assessment of such named executive officer’s individual performance, operational performance for the segments or product lines in which the officer serves or for which he has responsibility,
and the officer’s potential to enhance investment returns for the investors in our funds and service to our advisory clients, and to contribute to long-term unitholder value. In evaluating these factors, Mr. Schwarzman, in consultation
with Mr. James, relied upon his judgment to determine the ultimate amount of a named executive officer’s annual cash payment and participation in carried interest, incentive fees and advisory client interests that was necessary to properly
induce the named executive officer to seek to achieve our objectives and reward a named executive officer in achieving those objectives over the course of the prior year. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman considered in making such determination
with respect to Mr. James were his service as President and Chief Operating Officer, his role in overseeing the growth and operations of the firm, and his leadership on the strategic direction of the firm generally. Key factors that
Mr. Schwarzman, in consultation with Mr. James, considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Hill were his leadership and oversight of our Hedge Fund Solutions business, including his role in the oversight and
development of new products and strategies, and his leadership on strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman, in consultation with Mr. James, considered in making such determinations with respect to
Mr. Tosi were his leadership and oversight of our global finance, treasury, technology and corporate development function and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman, in consultation with
Mr. James, considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Finley were his leadership and oversight of our global legal and compliance functions, his role in positioning the firm to be compliant with the regulatory bodies that
regulate and monitor the public company as well as our investment and advisory businesses and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. For 2013, Mr. Schwarzman, in consultation with Mr. James, also considered each named
executive officer’s prior-year annual cash payments, indicative participation interests disclosed to the named executive officer at the beginning of the year, his allocated share of performance interests through
 
      232
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
participation in our Performance Plans, the appropriate balance between incentives for long-term and short-term performance, and the compensation paid to the named executive officer’s peers
within the firm.    Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements  
 The minimum retained ownership requirements for our named executive officers are described below under “—Narrative Disclosure to
Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2013—Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units—Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements and Transfer Restrictions for Named Executive Officers.”  
 Compensation Committee Report    The board of directors of our general partner does not have a compensation committee. The executive committee of the board of directors identified below has reviewed and discussed with management the
foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such review and discussion, has determined that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be included in this annual report.  
 Stephen A. Schwarzman, Chairman  
 Hamilton E. James    J. Tomilson Hill    Jonathan D. Gray  
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation    As described above, we do not have a compensation committee. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman makes all such compensation determinations in consultation with Mr. James. For a description of certain
transactions between us and Mr. Schwarzman, see “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.”    Summary Compensation Table    The following table provides summary
information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and each of our three other most highly compensated employees who served as executive officers at December 31, 2013, for services rendered to us
during 2013, 2012 and 2011. These individuals are referred to as our named executive officers in this annual report.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name and Principal Position 
    
 Year 
   
    
 Salary 
   
    
 Bonus (a) 
   
    
 Stock Awards (b) 
   
    
 All Other Compensation (c) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
 Stephen A. Schwarzman     Chairman and     Chief Executive Officer 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 21,641,142 
    
   
 $ 
 21,991,142 
    
 
    
   
 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 8,064,804 
    
   
 $ 
 8,414,804 
    
 
    
   
 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 4,609,445 
    
   
 $ 
 4,959,445 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Hamilton E. James     President     Chief Operating Officer 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 34,471,212 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 8,233,031 
    
   
 $ 
 43,054,243 
    
 
    
   
 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 30,127,889 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 2,796,035 
    
   
 $ 
 33,273,924 
    
 
    
   
 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 26,193,619 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,652,811 
    
   
 $ 
 28,196,430 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   J. Tomilson Hill       Vice Chairman 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 11,056,098 
    
    
 $ 
 14,515,676 
    
    
 $ 
 (49,282 
 )  
   
 $ 
 25,872,492 
    
 
    
   
 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 7,174,654 
    
    
 $ 
 6,119,184 
    
    
 $ 
 34,615 
    
   
 $ 
 13,678,453 
    
 
    
   
 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 4,821,378 
    
    
 $ 
 7,611,454 
    
    
 $ 
 3,057 
    
   
 $ 
 12,785,889 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Laurence A. Tosi     Chief Financial Officer 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 7,254,261 
    
    
 $ 
 729,067 
    
    
 $ 
 2,245,049 
    
   
 $ 
 10,578,377 
    
 
    
   
 2012 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 6,359,759 
    
    
 $ 
 801,975 
    
    
 $ 
 731,535 
    
   
 $ 
 8,243,269 
    
 
    
   
 2011 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 5,557,426 
    
    
 $ 
 5,441,075 
    
    
 $ 
 314,290 
    
   
 $ 
 11,662,791 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 John Finley     Chief Legal Officer 
    
   
 2013 
    
    
 $ 
 350,000 
    
    
 $ 
 4,212,555 
    
    
 $ 
 243,022 
    
    
 $ 
 536,357 
    
   
 $ 
 5,341,934 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
      233
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
 (a) 
 The amounts reported in this column reflect the annual cash payments made for performance in the indicated year.  
 The amounts reported as “bonus” for Mr. Hill are shown net of his mandatory deferral pursuant to the Deferred Compensation
Plan. The deferred amounts are as follows: $11,865,200 for 2013, $4,855,431 for 2012 and $6,346,844 for 2011. For additional information on the Deferred Compensation Plan, see “—Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants
of Plan-Based Awards in 2013—Deferred Compensation Plan.”      
 
 
 (b) 
 The reference to “stock” in this table refers to Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or deferred restricted common units. The amounts reported in this
column represent the grant date fair value of stock awards granted for financial statement reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) pertaining to equity-based
compensation. The assumptions used in determining the grant date fair value are set forth in Note 16. “Equity-Based Compensation” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”.    Mr. Hill received the following deferred equity awards
for 2013, 2012 and 2011 performance pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan. On January 13, 2014, Mr. Hill received 489,774 deferred restricted common units (of which 408,145 units represent the bonus deferral amount with an
aggregate grant date fair value of $12,185,168, and 81,629 units represent the premium award equal to 20% of the deferral amount paid, with a grant date fair value of $2,330,508). On January 9, 2013, Mr. Hill received
411,512 deferred restricted common units (of which 329,209 units represent the bonus deferral amount with an aggregate grant date fair value of $4,957,066, and 82,303 units represent the premium award equal to 25% of the deferral
amount paid, with a grant date fair value of $1,162,118). On January 12, 2012, Mr. Hill received 534,408 deferred restricted common units (of which 445,340 units represent the bonus deferral amount with an aggregate grant date
fair value of $6,378,753, and 89,068 units represent the premium award equal to 20% of the deferral amount paid, with a grant date fair value of $1,232,701). The grant date fair value of the stock award reflecting the deferred bonus amount is
computed in accordance with GAAP and generally differs from the dollar amount of the portion of the bonus that is required to be deferred under the Deferred Compensation Plan.    For additional information on the Deferred Compensation Plan, see “—Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2013—Deferred Compensation
Plan.”    In 2013, 2012 and 2011, Mr. Tosi received a discretionary equity award of, respectively, 34,734, 61,360 and
344,154 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, in each case reflecting his performance in the prior year. In 2013, Mr. Finley received a discretionary equity award of
11,578 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan reflecting his performance in the prior year.      
 
 
 (c) 
   Amounts included for 2013 include cash payments in respect of carried interest or incentive fee allocations relating to our Performance Plans to the
named executive officers in 2013 as follows: $21,015,180 for Mr. Schwarzman, $8,045,521 for Mr. James, $(49,282) for Mr. Hill, $2,188,055 for Mr. Tosi and $517,359 for Mr. Finley, respectively. We have determined to present
compensation relating to carried interest and incentive fees within the Summary Compensation Table in the year in which such compensation is earned (that is, is actually received or receivable) by the named executive officer under the terms of the
relevant Performance Plan. This compensation is generally earned in the same year in which such compensation is actually received by such named executive officer, although the named executive officer may in limited circumstances receive the
compensation subsequent to the year in which it was earned (for example, it becomes payable at the end of 2013 but is paid in 2014). Accordingly, the amounts presented in the table differ from the compensation expense recorded by us on an accrual
basis for such year in respect of carried interest and incentive fees allocable to a named executive officer, which accrued amounts for 2013 are separately disclosed in this footnote to the Summary Compensation Table. We believe that the
presentation  
      234
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 
of the actual amounts of carried interest- and incentive fee-related compensation earned by a named executive officer during the year, instead of the amounts of compensation expense we have
recorded on an accrual basis, most appropriately reflects the actual compensation received by the named executive officer and represents the amount most directly aligned with the named executive officer’s actual performance. By contrast, the
amount of compensation expense accrued in respect of carried interest and incentive fees allocable to a named executive officer can be highly volatile from year to year, with amounts accrued in one year being reversed in a following year, and vice
versa, causing such amounts to be less useful as a measure of the compensation actually earned by a named executive officer in any particular year.    To the extent compensation expense recorded by us on an accrual basis in respect of carried interest or incentive fee allocations (rather than cash payments) were to be included for 2013, the amounts
would be $137,393,207 for Mr. Schwarzman, $57,124,709 for Mr. James, $4,148,499 for Mr. Hill, $6,157,694 for Mr. Tosi and $1,764,827 for Mr. Finley. For financial statement reporting purposes, the accrual of compensation
expense is equal to the amount of carried interest and incentive fees related to performance fee revenues as of the last day of the relevant period as if the performance fee revenues in the funds generating such carried interest or incentive fees
were realized as of the last day of the relevant period.    The $(49,282) for Mr. Hill in 2013 consists primarily of a clawback
on carried interest received in prior years that he was required to pay.    With respect to Messrs. Schwarzman, James, Tosi and
Finley, amounts shown for 2013 also include the value of restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT allocated to such named executive officers based on the closing price of BXMT’s common stock on the date of the award as follows: $559,202
for Mr. Schwarzman, $187,510 for Mr. James, $56,994 for Mr. Tosi and $18,998 for Mr. Finley. These restricted shares will vest over three years with one-sixth of the shares vesting at the end of the second quarter after the date
of the award and the remaining shares vesting in ten equal quarterly installments thereafter.    With the exception of $66,760 of
expenses related to security services for Mr. Schwarzman in 2013, perquisites and other personal benefits to the named executive officers were less than $10,000 and information regarding perquisites and other personal benefits has therefore not
been included. As noted above under “—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers—Other Benefits,” we consider the expenses for security services for Mr. Schwarzman to be for
our benefit, and the board of directors of our general partner considers the related expenses to be appropriate business expenses rather than personal benefits for Mr. Schwarzman. Mr. Schwarzman makes business and personal use of a car and
driver and he and members of his family also make business and personal use of an airplane in which we have a fractional interest and in each case he bears the full cost of such personal usage. In addition, certain Blackstone personnel administer
personal matters for Mr. Schwarzman and certain matters for the Stephen A. Schwarzman Education Foundation (“SASEF”) and Mr. Schwarzman and SASEF, respectively, bear the full incremental cost to us of such personnel.
Mr. James makes occasional personal use of an airplane in which we have a fractional interest and he bears the full cost of such personal usage. There is no incremental expense incurred by us in connection with the use of any car and driver,
airplane or personnel by either of Messrs. Schwarzman or James, as described above.    During 2013, cash distributions to our
named executive officers in respect of Blackstone legacy funds and investments that were not contributed to Blackstone Holdings pursuant to the reorganization were $0.3 million to Mr. Schwarzman, $20 thousand to Mr. James and
$27 thousand to Mr. Hill. During 2012, cash distributions to our named executive officers in respect of Blackstone legacy funds and investments that were not contributed to Blackstone Holdings pursuant to the reorganization were
$0.8 million to Mr. Schwarzman, $0.1 million to Mr. James and $0.1 million to Mr. Hill. During 2011, cash distributions to our named executive officers in respect of Blackstone legacy funds and investments that were not
contributed to Blackstone Holdings pursuant to the reorganization were $74.0 million to Mr. Schwarzman, $0.1 million to Mr. James and $10.3 million to Mr. Hill. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, Mr. Tosi did not receive
cash distributions in respect of Blackstone legacy  
      235
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
funds and investments that were not contributed to Blackstone Holdings pursuant to the reorganization. During 2013, Mr. Finley did not receive cash distributions in respect of Blackstone
legacy funds and investments that were not contributed to Blackstone Holdings pursuant to the reorganization.    Grants of Plan-Based Awards
in 2013    The following table provides information concerning unit awards granted in, or (for Mr. Hill) with respect
to, 2013 to our named executive officers:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Grant Date 
   
    
 All Other Stock 
Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or
Units (a) 
   
   
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (a) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
   
 1/13/2014 
    
    
   
 408,145 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 12,185,168 
    
 
 
    
   
 1/13/2014 
    
    
   
 81,629 
 (c)  
   
 $ 
 2,330,508 
    
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
   
 7/1/2013 
    
    
   
 34,734 
 (d)  
   
 $ 
 729,067 
    
 
   John Finley 
    
   
 7/1/2013 
    
    
   
 11,578 
 (d)  
   
 $ 
 243,022 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to deferred Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or our deferred restricted common units.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 Represents vested but undelivered deferred restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan for 2013 performance. See “—Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2013—Deferred Compensation Plan.” On January 9, 2013, Mr. Hill was granted 329,209 deferred restricted common units (with a grant date fair value of
$4,957,065) under the Deferred Compensation Plan for 2012 performance. This grant is reflected in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table in 2012.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents the unvested premium award in respect of the deferred restricted common units grant made in respect of Mr. Hill’s 2013 performance under the
Deferred Compensation Plan. On January 9, 2013, Mr. Hill was granted 82,303 deferred restricted common units (with a grant date fair value of $1,162,118) as the premium award in respect of his grant under the Deferred Compensation
Plan for 2012 performance. This grant is reflected in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table in 2012.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Represents deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and reflects 2012 performance.
   Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2013  
 Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units    Our pre-IPO owners, including our named executive officers other than Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley, received Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in the reorganization in exchange for the
contribution of their equity interests in our operating subsidiaries to Blackstone Holdings. Each of Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley received grants of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units following the commencement of their employment with us
under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. Subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, these partnership units may be
exchanged for our common units as described under “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Exchange Agreement” below.  
      236
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Vesting Provisions . The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by our named
executive officers (other than Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley) in the reorganization have the following vesting provisions:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   25% of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by Mr. Schwarzman in the reorganization in exchange for the contribution of his equity
interests in our operating subsidiaries were fully vested, with the remaining 75% vesting, subject to Mr. Schwarzman’s continued employment, in equal installments on each anniversary of our initial public offering (June 21, 2007) over four
years. All of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by Mr. Schwarzman in the reorganization in exchange for his interests in carried interest relating to investments made by our carry funds prior to the date of the contribution
were fully vested; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   25% of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by each of Messrs. James and Hill in the reorganization in exchange for the contribution of
his equity interests in our operating subsidiaries were fully vested. The remaining units vest, subject to the named executive officer’s continued employment, in equal installments on each anniversary of our initial public offering over up to
eight years. All of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by Messrs. James and Hill in the reorganization in exchange for their interests in carried interest relating to investments made by our carry funds prior to the date of the
contribution were fully vested.    The deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to
Mr. Tosi in 2008 under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan were subject to the following vesting terms: (a) 100% of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units underlying the sign-on grant to Mr. Tosi (155,764 units) vested on the
fifth anniversary of the commencement date of his service with the firm (September 2, 2008) and (b) the deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units underlying his make-whole grant (338,381 units) vested annually in
varying increments on each January 15 from 2009 to 2012. The 699,845 and 50,000 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Tosi in 2009 and 2010, respectively, under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan vest in
equal installments over five years on each anniversary of the January 15, 2009 and January 15, 2010 grant date, respectively. The 500,000 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Finley in 2010
under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan vest in equal installments over five years on each anniversary of his hire date (September 1, 2010). The 344,154 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Tosi in
2011 under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan will vest on January 1, 2016. The 61,360 and 20,454 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley, respectively, in 2012 under the 2007
Equity Incentive Plan will vest 20% on July 1, 2015, 30% on July 1, 2016 and 50% on July 1, 2017. The 34,734 and 11,578 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley,
respectively, in 2013 under the 2007 Equity Incentive plan vest 20% on July 1, 2016, 30% on July 1, 2017 and 50% on July 1, 2018.    Except as described below, unvested partnership units are generally forfeited upon termination of employment. In connection with a named executive officer’s termination of employment due to
qualifying retirement, a named executive officer will generally vest in 50% of their unvested partnership units. See “Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements—Retirement.” With respect to Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley, the
unvested partnership units granted to them in 2013 as well as any unvested partnership units granted to them pursuant to their respective senior managing director agreements will become fully vested if they are terminated by us without cause. A
named executive officer who leaves our firm to accept specified types of positions in government service will continue to vest in units as if he had not left our firm during the period of government service. In addition, upon the death or permanent
disability of a named executive officer, all of his unvested partnership units held at that time will vest immediately. Further, in the event of a change in control (defined in the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements as the occurrence of any
person becoming the general partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. other than a person approved by the current general partner), any Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units that are unvested will automatically be deemed vested as of immediately prior to
such change in control.    All vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (and our common units received in
exchange for such Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units) held by a named executive officer will be immediately  
      237
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
forfeited in the event he materially breaches any of his restrictive covenants set forth in the non-competition and non-solicitation agreement outlined under “Non-Competition and
Non-Solicitation Agreements” or his service is terminated for cause.    All of our named executive officers are subject to
the following minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions in respect of all Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by them as part of the reorganization or deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or
our deferred restricted common units received by them under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. We refer to these Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as “subject units.”
   Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements . While employed by us and generally for one year following the termination of
employment, each of our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) will be required to continue to hold (and may not transfer) at least 25% of all vested subject units received by him. The requirement that one continue to hold at
least 25% of vested units is subject to the qualification in Mr. Schwarzman’s case that in no event will he be required to hold units having a market value greater than $1.5 billion. Subject units held by current and future personal
planning vehicles beneficially owned by the families of a named executive officer are not deemed to be owned by these individuals for purposes of such minimum retained ownership requirements. Each of our named executive officers is in compliance
with these minimum retained ownership requirements.    Transfer Restrictions . None of our named executive officers may
transfer subject units at any time prior to December 31, 2014 other than pursuant to transactions or programs approved by our general partner.    This transfer restriction applies to sales, pledges of subject units, grants of options, rights or warrants to purchase subject units or swaps or other arrangements that transfer to another, in whole or
in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the subject units other than as approved by our general partner. We expect that our general partner will approve pledges or transfers to personal planning vehicles beneficially owned by the
families of our pre-IPO owners and charitable gifts, provided that the pledgee, transferee or donee agrees to be subject to the same transfer restrictions (except as specified above with respect to Mr. Schwarzman). Transfers to Blackstone are
also exempt from the transfer restrictions.    The minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth
above will continue to apply generally for one year following the termination of employment of a named executive officer other than Mr. Schwarzman for any reason, except that the transfer restrictions set forth above will lapse upon death or
permanent disability. All of the foregoing transfer restrictions will lapse in the event of a change in control (as defined above).    The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by other Blackstone personnel in the reorganization and pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan are also generally subject to the vesting and minimum
retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to our named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman, although non-senior managing directors are also generally subject to vesting in respect of a portion of the
Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by such personnel in the reorganization in exchange for their interests in carried interest.  
 Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement    Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a founding member agreement with Mr. Schwarzman. Mr. Schwarzman’s agreement provides that he will remain our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer while continuing service with us and requires him to give us six months’ prior written notice of intent to terminate service with us. The agreement provides that following retirement, Mr. Schwarzman will be
provided with specified retirement benefits, including that he will be permitted until the third anniversary of his retirement date to retain his current office and will be provided with a car and driver. Commencing on the third anniversary
 
      238
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
of his retirement date and continuing until the tenth anniversary thereof, we will provide him with an appropriate office if he so requests. Additionally, Mr. Schwarzman will be provided
with an assistant and access to office services during the ten-year period following his retirement date.    Mr. Schwarzman
will also continue to receive health benefits following his retirement until his death, subject to his continuing payment of the related health insurance premiums consistent with current policies. Additionally, before his retirement and during the
ten-year period thereafter, Mr. Schwarzman and any foundations he may establish may continue to invest in our investment funds on a basis generally consistent with that of other partners.  
 Senior Managing Director Agreements    Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into substantially similar senior managing director agreements with each of our named executive officers and other senior managing
directors other than our founder, Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley. Senior managing directors who have joined the firm after our initial public offering (including Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley) have also entered into senior managing director
agreements. The agreements generally provide that each senior managing director will devote substantially all of his or her business time, skill, energies and attention to us in a diligent manner. Each senior managing director will be paid
distributions and benefits in amounts determined by Blackstone from time to time in its sole discretion. The agreements require us to provide the senior managing director with 90 days’ prior written notice prior to terminating his or her
service with us (other than a termination for cause). Additionally, the agreements require each senior managing director to give us 90 days’ prior written notice of intent to terminate service with us and require the senior managing director to
be placed on a 90-day period of “garden leave” following the senior managing director’s termination of service (as further described under the caption “—Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements” below).
   Senior Managing Director Agreement with Mr. Tosi    In connection with the commencement of Mr. Tosi’s employment with us in September 2008, we entered into a senior managing director agreement with him that included specific compensation terms.
Those terms included his entitlement to three awards of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. The first award was a sign-on grant of 155,764 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, which
was granted soon after the commencement of his employment with us. The second grant was a “make-whole” payment of 338,381 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, representing the value of compensation-related items from Merrill
Lynch & Co., Inc. that Mr. Tosi forfeited as a result of his departure from that firm, which was granted soon after the commencement of his employment with the firm. The third grant of 699,845 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
was in respect of a guaranteed equity grant for 2008 that was awarded on January 15, 2009. The unvested portion of Mr. Tosi’s equity-based awards will be terminated once he is no longer a senior managing director of Blackstone, except
that the then-outstanding but unvested portion of his awards will become fully vested if (a) his service with us is terminated by us without cause or as a result of his death or permanent disability or (b) there is a “change in
control” (as defined in the partnership agreements of Blackstone Holdings). Mr. Tosi is generally subject to the same transfer restrictions and forfeiture terms with respect to his Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as those that apply
to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the firm’s other senior managing directors. The agreement also provides that Mr. Tosi will be permitted to invest in and alongside Blackstone’s carry funds and in the firm’s
hedge funds as long as he serves as a senior managing director, subject to the same limitations on exclusions from management fees or incentive fees that are applicable to the firm’s other senior managing directors. Mr. Tosi has also
executed a senior managing director non-competition and non-solicitation agreement as part of the agreement. The terms of such non-competition and non-solicitation agreement are substantially the same as the terms included in the non-competition and
non-solicitation agreements signed by the other senior managing directors and are described under the caption “—Non-Competition and Non Solicitation Agreements” below.  
      239
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Senior Managing Director Agreement with Mr. Finley  
 In connection with the commencement of Mr. Finley’s employment with us on September 1, 2010, we entered into a senior
managing director agreement with him that included specific compensation terms. As part of Mr. Finley’s senior managing director agreement, he received an equity award on October 1, 2010 of 500,000 deferred restricted Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. These deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units vest in equal installments over five years on each anniversary of the hire date. The unvested portion of
Mr. Finley’s award will be terminated once he is no longer a senior managing director of Blackstone, except that the then-outstanding but unvested portion of his awards will become fully vested if (a) his service with us is terminated
by us without cause or as a result of his death or permanent disability or (b) there is a “change in control” (as defined in the partnership agreements of Blackstone Holdings). Mr. Finley is generally subject to the same transfer
restrictions and forfeiture terms with respect to his Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as those that apply to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the firm’s other senior managing directors. The agreement also provides that
Mr. Finley will be permitted to invest in and alongside Blackstone’s carry funds and in the firm’s hedge funds as long as he serves as a senior managing director, subject to the same limitations on exclusions from management fees or
incentive fees that are applicable to the firm’s other senior managing directors. Mr. Finley has also executed a senior managing director non-competition and non-solicitation agreement as part of the agreement. The terms of such
non-competition and non-solicitation agreement are substantially the same as the terms included in the non-competition and non-solicitation agreements signed by the other senior managing directors and are described under the caption
“—Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements” below.    Outstanding Equity Awards at 2013 Fiscal Year End  
 The following table provides information regarding outstanding unvested equity awards made to our named executive officers as of
December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not 
Vested 
   
    
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested
(b) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 8,223,062 
    
    
 $ 
 259,026,453 
    
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
   
 2,988,163 
    
    
 $ 
 94,127,135 
    
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
   
 600,217 
    
    
 $ 
 18,906,836 
    
 
   John Finley 
    
   
 232,032 
    
    
 $ 
 7,309,008 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and the unvested premium portion of deferred
restricted common units granted under the Deferred Compensation Plan. The vesting terms of these awards are described under the captions “Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards” above and
“Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2013 Table” below.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The dollar amounts shown in this column were calculated by multiplying the number of unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or unvested deferred restricted
common units held by the named executive officer by the closing market price of $31.50 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2013, the last trading day of 2013.  
      240
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2013  
 The following table provides information regarding the number of outstanding initially unvested equity awards made to our named executive
officers that vested during 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting 
   
    
 Value Realized on Vesting (b) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
   
 4,111,534 
    
    
 $ 
 84,245,328 
    
 
   J. Tomilson Hill (c) 
    
   
 1,861,661 
    
    
 $ 
 42,429,577 
    
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
   
 305,733 
    
    
 $ 
 5,919,063 
    
 
   John Finley 
    
   
 100,000 
    
    
 $ 
 2,184,000 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and our deferred restricted common units.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 The value realized on vesting is based on the closing market prices of our common units on the day of vesting.  
 
 
 (c) 
 For Mr. Hill, includes 408,145 vested deferred restricted common units, with a value realized on vesting of $13,089,210, which were mandatorily deferred on
January 13, 2014 pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan. These vested deferred restricted common units are scheduled to be delivered in equal annual installments over the four year deferral period and are reflected in the Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation for 2013 Table below.    Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2013  
 The following table provides a summary of the named executive officer’s participation in our Deferred Compensation Plan during 2013
with respect to mandatorily deferred and vested, but undelivered, deferred restricted common units. Mr. Hill was the only named executive officer who participated in our Deferred Compensation Plan in 2013, but additional named executive
officers may, at the discretion of the Plan Administrator, participate in future years.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Executive Contributions in 2013 
   
    
 Registrant Contributions in 2013 (a) 
   
    
 Aggregate Earnings (Losses) in 2013 (b) 
   
    
 Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions (c) 
   
   
 Aggregate Balance at December 31, 2013 (d) 
   


 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Hamilton E. James 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   J. Tomilson Hill 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 13,089,210 
    
    
 $ 
 12,956,435 
    
    
 $ 
 (7,176,303 
 )  
   
 $ 
 37,548,992 
    
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   John Finley 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 This column represents the mandatory deferral of a portion Mr. Hill’s annual cash bonus for 2013 into 408,145 deferred restricted common units pursuant
to our Deferred Compensation Plan. These units were granted to Mr. Hill in 2014 in respect of 2013 performance. These deferred restricted common units are fully vested, but will be delivered in equal annual installments over four years. The
grant date fair value of these deferred restricted common units is reflected in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table (see footnote (b) to the Summary Compensation Table).  
 
 
 (b) 
 This column represents the earnings/(losses) during 2013 on deferred restricted common units granted to Mr. Hill pursuant to our Deferred Compensation Plan through
the earlier of their delivery or December 31, 2013. No portion of any earnings would be considered above-market or preferential and, accordingly, no earnings are reflected in the Summary Compensation Table.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Represents the value realized by Mr. Hill on 398,241 deferred restricted common units that were delivered in 2013.  
      241
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (d) 
 Represents the value as of December 31, 2013 of 1,184,646 deferred restricted common units granted to Mr. Hill. With respect to these deferred restricted
common units, $23,503,277 has been previously reported in the “Stock Awards” column of the Summary Compensation Table. The values set forth in this column are based on the closing market price of $31.50 per Blackstone common unit on
December 31, 2013, other than the units granted in 2014 in respect of 2013 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant to him.    Narrative to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation for 2013 Table    In
2007, we established our Deferred Compensation Plan (which we also refer to as our “Bonus Deferral Plan”) for certain eligible employees of Blackstone and certain of its affiliates in order to provide such eligible employees with a pre-tax
deferred incentive compensation opportunity and to enhance the alignment of interests between such eligible employees and Blackstone and its affiliates. The Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan which
provides for the automatic, mandatory deferral of a portion of each participant’s annual cash payment. In respect of the deferred portion of his or her annual cash payment, each participant receives deferral units which represent rights to
receive in the future a specified amount of common units or Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or other equity-based awards under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, subject to vesting provisions described below. The amount of each participant’s
annual cash payment which is deferred under the plan depends on the total amount of such participant’s annual cash payment and for deferrals of 2013 annual cash payments was calculated on the basis set forth in the following table:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portion of Annual Cash Payment 
    
 Marginal Deferral Rate Applicable to Such Portion 
   
 Effective Deferral Rate for Entire Annual Bonus (a) 


 
   $0 – 100,000 
    
 0% 
   
 0.0% 
 
   $100,001 – 200,000 
    
 15% 
   
 7.5% 
 
   $200,001 – 500,000 
    
 20% 
   
 15.0% 
 
   $500,001 – 750,000 
    
 30% 
   
 20.0% 
 
   $750,001 – 1,250,000 
    
 40% 
   
 28.0% 
 
   $1,250,001 – 2,000,000 
    
 45% 
   
 34.4% 
 
   $2,000,001 – 3,000,000 
    
 50% 
   
 39.6% 
 
   $3,000,001 – 4,000,000 
    
 55% 
   
 43.4% 
 
   $4,000,001 – 5,000,000 
    
 60% 
   
 46.8% 
 
   $5,000,000 + 
    
 65% 
   
 52.8% 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Effective deferral rates are shown for illustrative purposes only and are based on an annual cash payment equal to the maximum amount in the range shown in the far left
column (which is assumed to be $7,500,000 for the last range shown).    In addition, each plan participant is
eligible to receive a premium award in the amount equal to a percentage of his or her deferral amount. The percentage is selected by the Plan Administrator (as defined in the Deferred Compensation Plan). Generally, except in respect of 2012, the
premium award percentage is 20%. Generally, the premium award percentage in respect of 2012 was 25%. The deferral amount plus the premium award yields the total amount of deferral units that a participant is awarded for any given year.  
 Generally, deferral units are satisfied by delivery of our common units in equal annual installments over the deferral period, which is
three years for grants made in respect of years prior to 2012 and four years for grants made in respect of 2012 and subsequent years (with no partial-year delivery). However, the entire premium portion of such deferral units is, with specified
exceptions, subject to continued employment of such participant through the end of the applicable deferral period and vests and is delivered at the end of such deferral period. Delivery of our common units underlying vested deferral units is delayed
until anticipated trading window periods to better facilitate the participant’s liquidity to meet tax obligations. If the participant’s employment is terminated for cause, the participant’s undelivered deferral units (vested and
unvested) will be immediately  
      242
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
forfeited. In connection with a participant’s termination of employment without cause or because of resignation, the entire unvested premium portion of the participant’s deferral
units will be immediately forfeited. In connection with a participant’s termination of employment due to qualifying retirement, 50% of the unvested premium portion of the participant’s deferral units will continue to vest at the end
of the applicable deferral period and be delivered on the applicable delivery date. See “Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements—Retirement.” In connection with a participant’s termination of employment due to
disability, the entire unvested premium portion of the participant’s deferral units will continue to vest at the end of the applicable deferral period and be delivered on the applicable delivery date. In addition, if, following a
termination of employment without cause or because of resignation, retirement or disability, the participant violates any applicable provision of his or her employment agreement, including specified restrictive covenants such as a non-compete,
then any deferral units (vested and unvested, as applicable) that remain undelivered as of the date of such violation, will be immediately forfeited. Upon a change in control or termination of the participant’s employment because of death,
any vested but undelivered deferral units will become immediately deliverable and the entire unvested premium portion of the participant’s deferral units will immediately vest and become deliverable.  
 At the end of each year, the Plan Administrator selects plan participants in its sole discretion and notifies such individuals that they
have been selected to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan for such year. Participation is mandatory for those employees selected by the Plan Administrator to be participants. An individual, if selected, may not decline to participate in
the Deferred Compensation Plan and an individual who is not so selected may not elect to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. The selection of participants is made on an annual basis; an individual selected to participate in the Deferred
Compensation Plan for a given year may not necessarily be selected to participate in a subsequent year.    Potential Payments Upon
Termination of Employment or Change in Control    Upon a change of control event where any person (other than a person
approved by our general partner) becomes our general partner or a termination of employment because of death, any unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and the unvested premium portion of any deferred restricted common units held by any of
our named executive officers will automatically be deemed vested as of immediately prior to such occurrence of such change of control or such termination of employment. Had such a change of control or such a termination of employment occurred on
December 31, 2013, the last business day of 2013, each of our named executive officers would have vested in the following numbers of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted common units, having the following values based
on our closing market price of $31.50 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2013: Mr. Schwarzman had no outstanding unvested units at December 31, 2013; Mr. James – 8,223,062 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units
with a value of $259,026,453; Mr. Hill – 2,726,552 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $85,886,388 and 261,611 deferred restricted common units with a value of $8,240,747; Mr. Tosi –
600,217 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $18,906,836 and Mr. Finley – 232,032 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $7,309,008. In addition, the Deferred Compensation Plan provides that upon a
change in control or termination of the participant’s employment because of death, any fully vested but undelivered deferred restricted common units will become immediately deliverable. Therefore, had a change of control or such termination of
employment occurred on December 31, 2013, Mr. Hill would also have been entitled to accelerated delivery of the 1,184,646 vested but undelivered deferred restricted common units outstanding as of such date.  
 Upon a termination of employment because of disability, any unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units will also automatically be
deemed vested. However, the Deferred Compensation Plan provides that in connection with a participant’s termination of employment due to disability, the entire unvested premium portion of the participant’s deferral units will continue to
vest at the end of the applicable deferral period and be delivered on the applicable delivery date, subject to the participant not violating any applicable provision of his or her employment agreement. Therefore, had a termination of employment
because of disability occurred on  
      243
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
December 31, 2013, each of our named executive officers would have vested in the numbers of partnership units set forth in the paragraph immediately above, having the values set forth above,
but Mr. Hill would not have immediately vested in his 261,611 unvested deferred restricted common units, which represent the premium portion of his deferred restricted common units.  
 In connection with a named executive officer’s termination of employment due to qualifying retirement, a named executive officer
will generally vest in 50% of their unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. See “Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements—Retirement.” As of December 31, 2013, Mr. Hill and Mr. James were retirement
eligible. Therefore, if Mr. Hill and Mr. James had retired on December 31, 2013, then Mr. Hill would have vested in 1,363,276 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $42,943,194 and Mr. James would have
vested in 4,111,531 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units with a value of $129,513,227. In addition, if Mr. Hill had retired on December 31, 2013, then the Deferred Compensation Plan provides that 50% of the unvested premium portion
of his deferred restricted common units would continue to vest at the end of the applicable deferral period and be delivered on the applicable delivery date, subject to him not violating any applicable provision of his employment agreement.
   Upon a termination of Mr. Tosi’s or Mr. Finley’s employment without cause, the unvested Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units granted to them in 2013 as well as any unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to them pursuant to their respective senior managing director agreements will become fully vested. Had such a termination
without cause occurred on December 31, 2013, Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley would have vested in the following numbers of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, having the following values based on our closing market price of $31.50 per
Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2013: Mr. Tosi – 174,703 units with a value of $5,503,145 and Mr. Finley – 211,578 units with a value of $6,664,707.  
 In addition, upon the death or disability of any named executive officer who participates in the carried interest of our carry funds, the
named executive officer will be deemed 100% vested in any unvested portion of carried interest in our carry funds. Furthermore, any named executive officer that is retirement eligible will automatically vest in 50% of their otherwise unvested
carried interest allocation upon retirement. See “—Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements—Retirement.” As of December 31, 2013, Mr. James and Mr. Hill were retirement eligible for purposes of their carried
interest allocations.    In addition, pursuant to Mr. Schwarzman’s Founding Member Agreement described above under
“Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2013—Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement,” following retirement, Mr. Schwarzman will be provided with specified retirement benefits,
including an assistant during the ten-year period following his retirement and a car and driver during the three-year period following his retirement. As of December 31, 2013, the aggregate present value of these expected costs was
$1.0 million, for which approximately $200,000, $50,000 and $100,000 were expensed for financial statement purposes in each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements    Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement with our founder, our other senior managing directors, most of our other professional
employees and specified senior administrative personnel to whom we refer collectively as “Contracting Employees.” Contracting Employees who have joined the firm after our initial public offering, such as Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley,
have also executed non-competition and non-solicitation agreements. The following are descriptions of the material terms of each such non-competition and non-solicitation agreement. With the exception of the few differences noted in the description
below, the terms of each non-competition and non-solicitation agreement are generally in relevant part similar.    Full-Time
Commitment .   Each Contracting Employee agrees to devote substantially all of his or her business time, skill, energies and attention to his or her responsibilities at Blackstone in a diligent manner. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman has
agreed that our business will be his principal business pursuit and that he will devote such time and attention to the business of the firm as may be reasonably requested by us.   
      244
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Confidentiality .   Each Contracting Employee is required, whether during or
after his or her employment with us, to protect and only use “confidential information” in accordance with strict restrictions placed by us on its use and disclosure. (Every employee of ours is subject to similar strict confidentiality
obligations imposed by our Code of Conduct applicable to all Blackstone personnel.)     Notice of Termination . 
 Each Contracting Employee is required to give us prior written notice of his or her intention to leave our employ—six months in the case of Mr. Schwarzman, 90 days for all of our other senior managing directors and between 30 and 60
days in the case of all other Contracting Employees.     Garden Leave .   Upon his or her voluntary departure
from our firm, a Contracting Employee is required to take a prescribed period of “garden leave.” The period of garden leave is 90 days for our non-founding senior managing directors and between 30 and 60 days for all other Contracting
Employees. During this period the Contracting Employee will continue to receive some of his or her Blackstone compensation and benefits, but is prohibited from commencing employment with a new employer until the garden leave period has expired. The
period of garden leave for each Contracting Employee will run coterminously with the non-competition Restricted Period that applies to him or her as described below. Our founder Mr. Schwarzman is subject to non-competition covenants but not
garden leave requirements.     Non-Competition .  During the term of employment of each Contracting Employee,
and during the Restricted Period (as such term is defined below) immediately thereafter, he or she will not, directly or indirectly:       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   engage in any business activity in which we operate, including any competitive business,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   render any services to any competitive business, or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   acquire a financial interest in or become actively involved with any competitive business (other than as a passive investor holding minimal percentages
of the stock of public companies).    “Competitive business” means any business that competes,
during the term of employment through the date of termination, with our business, including any businesses that we are actively considering conducting at the time of the Contracting Employee’s termination of employment, so long as he or she
knows or reasonably should have known about such plans, in any geographical or market area where we or our affiliates provide our products or services.    Non-Solicitation .   During the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or she will not, directly or indirectly, in any
manner solicit any of our employees to leave their employment with us, or hire any such employee who was employed by us as of the date of his or her termination or who left employment with us within one year prior to or after the date of his or her
termination. Additionally, each Contracting Employee may not solicit or encourage to cease to work with us any consultant or senior advisers that he or she knows or should know is under contract with us.   
 In addition, during the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or
she will not, directly or indirectly, in any manner solicit the business of any client or prospective client of ours with whom he or she, employees reporting to him or her, or anyone whom he or she had direct or indirect responsibility over had
personal contact or dealings on our behalf during the three-year period immediately preceding his or her termination. Contracting Employees who are employed in our asset management businesses are subject to a similar non-solicitation covenant with
respect to investors and prospective investors in our investment funds.    Non-Interference and Non-Disparagement . 
 During the term of employment of each Contracting Employee, and during the Restricted Period immediately thereafter, he or she may not interfere with business relationships between us and any of our clients, customers, suppliers or partners.
Each Contracting Employee is also prohibited from disparaging us in any way.   
      245
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Restricted Period . For purposes of the foregoing covenants, the “Restricted
Period” will be:       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Covenant 
    
   Stephen A. Schwarzman 
    
 Other Senior Managing Directors 
    
 Other Contracting Employees 


 
   Non-competition 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year (six months for senior managing directors who are eligible to retire, as defined below) after termination of employment. 
    
 Between 90 days and six months after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-solicitation  of Blackstone employees 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 Generally between six months and one year after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-solicitation  of Blackstone clients or investors 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year after termination of employment. 
    
 Generally between six months and one year after termination of employment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-interference  with business relationships 
    
 Two years after termination of employment. 
    
 One year after termination of employment. 
    
 Generally between six months and one year after termination of employment. 
   Retirement . Blackstone personnel are eligible to retire if they have satisfied either of the
following tests: (a) one has reached the age of 65 and has at least five full years of service with our firm; or (b) generally one has reached the age of 55 and has at least five full years of service with our firm and the sum of his or
her age plus years of service with our firm totals at least 65.     Intellectual Property . Each Contracting
Employee is subject to customary intellectual property covenants with respect to works created, invented, designed or developed by him or her that are relevant to or implicated by his or her employment with us.   
 Specific Performance . In the case of any breach of the confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-interference,
non-disparagement or intellectual property provisions by a Contracting Employee, the breaching individual agrees that we will be entitled to seek equitable relief in the form of specific performance, restraining orders, injunctions or other
equitable remedies.     Director Compensation in 2013    No additional remuneration is paid to our employees for service as a director of our general partner. In 2013, each of our non-employee directors received an annual cash retainer of $150,000 and a grant
of deferred restricted common units equivalent in value to $150,000, with a grant date fair value determined as described in footnote (a) to the first table below. The number of deferred restricted common units to be granted is based on the
average of the high and low trading price of our common units on the grant date. An additional $30,000 annual cash retainer was paid to the Chairman of the Audit Committee during 2013. An additional $25,000 annual cash retainer was paid to
Mr. Light in connection with his service as a director on the executive committee of Blackstone Group International Partners LLP.  
      246
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table provides the director compensation for our directors for 2013:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
   
    
 Stock Awards (a) (b) 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Jonathan D. Gray (c) 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
 $ 
 150,000 
    
    
 $ 
 150,479 
    
    
 $ 
 300,479 
    
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
 $ 
 180,000 
    
    
 $ 
 149,501 
    
    
 $ 
 329,501 
    
 
   Richard Jenrette 
    
 $ 
 150,000 
    
    
 $ 
 151,882 
    
    
 $ 
 301,882 
    
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
 $ 
 175,000 
    
    
 $ 
 152,219 
    
    
 $ 
 327,219 
    
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus (d) 
    
 $ 
 46,875 
    
    
 $ 
 151,680 
    
    
 $ 
 198,555 
    
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The references to “stock” in this table refer to our deferred restricted common units. Amounts for 2013 represent the grant date fair value of stock awards
granted in the year, computed in accordance with GAAP, pertaining to equity-based compensation. The assumptions used in determining the grant date fair value are set forth in Note 16. “Equity-Based Compensation” in the “Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements” in “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”. These deferred restricted common units vest, and the underlying Blackstone common units will be delivered, on the first
anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the outside director’s continued service on the board of directors of our general partner.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Each of our non-employee directors was granted deferred restricted common units upon appointment as a director. In 2013, in connection with the anniversary of his or
her initial grant, each of the following directors was granted deferred restricted common units: Mr. Jenrette—6,910 units; Ms. Lazarus—7,247 units; Mr. Light—6,213 units;
Mr. Mulroney—7,344 units; and Mr. Parrett—5,770 units. The amounts of our non-employee directors’ compensation were approved by the board of directors of our general partner upon the recommendation of our founder
following his review of directors’ compensation paid by comparable companies.    The following table provides
information regarding outstanding unvested equity awards made to our directors as of December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Stock Awards (1) 
   
 
   Name 
    
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
   
    
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock
That Have Not Vested (2) 
   


 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
   
 7,344 
    
    
 $ 
 231,336 
    
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
   
 5,770 
    
    
 $ 
 181,755 
    
 
   Richard Jenrette 
    
   
 6,910 
    
    
 $ 
 217,665 
    
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
   
 6,213 
    
    
 $ 
 195,710 
    
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
   
 7,247 
    
    
 $ 
 228,281 
    
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 The references to “stock” or “shares” in this table refer to our deferred restricted common units.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 The dollar amounts shown in this column were calculated by multiplying the number of unvested deferred restricted common units held by the director by the closing
market price of $31.50 per Blackstone common unit on December 31, 2013, the last trading day of 2013.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Mr. Gray is an employee and no additional remuneration is paid to him for service as a director of our general partner. Mr. Gray’s employee compensation
is discussed in “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.”  
 
 
 (d) 
 Ms. Lazarus was appointed as a director of our general partner effective July 9, 2013. Therefore, the amount reported for Ms. Lazarus reflects the
pro-rated portion of her annual cash retainer earned from the date of her appointment.  
      247
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    The following table sets forth information regarding the
beneficial ownership of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as of February 21, 2014 by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each person known to us to beneficially own 5% of any class of the outstanding voting securities of The Blackstone Group L.P.;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each member of our general partner’s board of directors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each of the named executive officers of our general partner; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   all directors and executive officers of our general partner as a group.  
 The amounts and percentage of units beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of
beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of
such security, or “investment power,” which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire
beneficial ownership within 60 days of February 21, 2014. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic
interest. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all units shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable. Unless
otherwise included, for purposes of this table, the principal business address for each such person is c/o The Blackstone Group L.P., 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common Units, Beneficially Owned 
   
   
 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Beneficially Owned (a) 
   
 
   Name of Beneficial Owner 
    
 Number 
   
    
 % of Class 
   
   
 Number 
   
    
 % of Class 
   


 
   5% Unitholders: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Janus Capital Management LLC (b) 
    
   
 25,704,476 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   FMR LLC (c) 
    
   
 33,864,273 
    
    
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Directors and Executive Officers (d) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stephen A. Schwarzman (e)(f) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 231,924,793 
    
    
   
 44 
 %  
 
   Hamilton E. James (f) 
    
   
 3,000,000 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 34,180,300 
    
    
   
 7 
 %  
 
   J. Tomilson Hill (f) 
    
   
 1,969,829 
    
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 14,645,085 
    
    
   
 3 
 %  
 
   Laurence A. Tosi 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 534,480 
    
    
   
 * 
    
 
   Jonathan D. Gray (f) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 40,585,300 
    
    
   
 8 
 %  
 
   John G. Finley 
    
   
 15,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 210,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney 
    
   
 134,253 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   William G. Parrett 
    
   
 50,199 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Richard Jenrette 
    
   
 29,001 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Rochelle B. Lazarus 
    
   
 12,500 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Jay O. Light 
    
   
 28,832 
    
    
   
 * 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   All executive officers and directors as a group (12 persons) 
    
   
 5,251,308 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 322,238,572 
    
    
   
 61 
 %  
     
 
 
 * 
 Less than one percent  
 
 
 (a) 
   Subject to certain requirements and restrictions, the partnership units of Blackstone Holdings are exchangeable for common units of The Blackstone
Group L.P. on a one-for-one basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the four Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a common unit. See “—Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Exchange Agreement”. Beneficial ownership of Blackstone  
      248
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 
Holdings Partnership Units reflected in this table has not been also reflected as beneficial ownership of the common units of The Blackstone Group L.P. for which such units may be exchanged.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 Reflects units beneficially owned by Janus Capital Management LLC based on the Schedule 13G filed by Janus Capital on February 14, 2014. The address of Janus
Capital Management is 151 Detroit Street, Denver, Colorado 80206.  
 
 
 (c) 
 Reflects units beneficially owned by FMR, LLC and its subsidiaries based on the Schedule 13G filed by FMR, LLC on February 13, 2014. The address of FMR, LLC is 245
Summer Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02210.  
 
 
 (d) 
 The units beneficially owned by the directors and executive officers reflected above do not include the following number of units that will be delivered to the
respective individual more than 60 days after February 21, 2014: J. Tomilson Hill – 1,056,499 deferred restricted common units; Laurence A. Tosi – 758,745 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; John
Finley – 307,032 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units; The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney – 7,344 deferred restricted common units; William G. Parrett – 5,770 deferred restricted common units;
Richard Jenrette – 6,910 deferred restricted common units; Rochelle B. Lazarus – 7,247 deferred restricted common units; Jay O. Light – 6,213 deferred restricted common units; and all other executive officers and
directors as a group – 311,848 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.  
 
 
 (e) 
 On those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners of The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an entity wholly owned by our
senior managing directors, holds a special voting unit in The Blackstone Group L.P. that provides it with an aggregate number of votes on any matter that may be submitted for a vote of our common unitholders that is equal to the aggregate number of
vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings on the relevant record date and entitles it to participate in the vote on the same basis as our common unitholders. Our senior managing
directors have agreed in the limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. that our founder, Mr. Schwarzman, will have the power to determine how the special voting unit held by Blackstone Partners L.L.C. will be voted.
Following the withdrawal, death or disability of Mr. Schwarzman (and any successor founder), this power will revert to the members of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. holding a majority in interest in that entity. The limited liability company
agreement of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founding member, Hamilton E. James will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. If
Blackstone Partners L.L.C. directs us to do so, we will issue special voting units to each of the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings, whereupon each special voting unitholder will be entitled to a number of votes that is equal to the number of
vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by such special voting unitholder on the relevant record date.  
 
 
 (f) 
 The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units shown in the table above for such named executive officers and directors include (a) the following units held for the
benefit of family members with respect to which the named executive officer or director, as applicable, disclaims beneficial ownership: Mr. Schwarzman – 1,666,666 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Schwarzman is the
investment trustee, Mr. James – 10,657,207 units held in a trust for which Mr. James and his brother are trustees (but Mr. James does not have or share investment control with respect to the units), Mr. Hill –
250,000 units held by Mr. Hill’s spouse and 5,636,348 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Hill’s spouse is the investment trustee, Mr. Tosi – 225,000 units held in a trust for which Mr. Tosi
is the investment trustee, and Mr. Gray – 4,566,437 units held in a trust for which Mr. Gray is the investment trustee, (b) the following units held in grantor retained annuity trusts for which the named executive officer or
director, as applicable, is the investment trustee: Mr. Schwarzman – 2,713,432 units, Mr. Hill – 1,436,274 units, and Mr. Gray – 5,892,454 units, and (c) the following units held by a corporation for
which the named executive officer is a controlling shareholder: Mr. Schwarzman – 1,438,529 units. Mr. Schwarzman also directly, or through a corporation for which he is the controlling shareholder, beneficially owns an additional
364,278 partnership units in each of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. In addition, with respect to Mr. Schwarzman, the above table excludes partnership units of Blackstone Holdings
held by his children or in trusts for the benefit of his family as to which he has no voting or investment control.  
      249
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition, as of February 21, 2014, Beijing Wonderful Investments, an investment
vehicle established and controlled by the People’s Republic of China, holds 77,144,845 of our non-voting common units and may from time to time make open market purchases or sales of our voting common units.  
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans    The table set forth below provides information concerning the awards that may be issued under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2013:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number of Securities 
to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Exercise
Price of Outstanding Options, 
Warrants and Rights 
   
    
 Number of Securities 
Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected 
in column (a)) (b) 
   


 
   Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
    
   
 58,100,633 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 150,927,382 
    
 
   Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 58,100,633 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 150,927,382 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Reflects the outstanding number of our deferred restricted common units and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted under the 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2013.  
 
 
 (b) 
 The aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan is increased on the first day of each
fiscal year during its term by a number of units equal to the positive difference, if any, of (a) 15% of the aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding
fiscal year (excluding Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by The Blackstone Group L.P. or its wholly owned subsidiaries) minus (b) the aggregate number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the 2007
Equity Incentive Plan as of such date (unless the administrator of the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan should decide to increase the number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units covered by the plan by a lesser amount). As of
January 1, 2014, pursuant to this formula, 164,224,426 units, which is equal to 0.15 times the number of our common units and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units outstanding on December 31, 2013, were available for issuance under
the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. We have filed a registration statement and intend to file additional registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register common units covered by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (including pursuant
to automatic annual increases). Any such Form S-8 registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. Accordingly, common units registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market.
   ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE    Transactions with Related Persons    Tax Receivable Agreements    We used a portion of the proceeds from
the IPO and the sale of non-voting common units to Beijing Wonderful Investments to purchase interests in the predecessor businesses from the pre-IPO owners. In addition, holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (other than The Blackstone
Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings partnerships, may up to four times each
year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The  
      250
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a one-for-one basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the four Blackstone Holdings partnerships to effect
an exchange for a common unit. Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Blackstone Holdings II L.P. have made an election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code effective for each taxable year in which an exchange of partnership units for common
units occurs, which may result in an adjustment to the tax basis of the assets of such Blackstone Holdings partnerships at the time of an exchange of partnership units. The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the
tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings that otherwise would not have been available. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax
that certain of Blackstone’s wholly owned subsidiaries that are taxable as corporations for U.S. federal income purposes would otherwise be required to pay in the future. One of the subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which is a corporate
taxpayer has entered into a tax receivable agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units that provides for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to such holders of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state
and local income tax that the corporate taxpayers actually realize (or are deemed to realize in the case of an early termination payment by the corporate taxpayers or a change in control, as discussed below) as a result of these increases in tax
basis and of certain other tax benefits related to our entering into tax receivable agreements, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreement. Additional tax receivable agreements have been executed, and will
continue to be executed, with newly admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This payment obligation is an obligation of the corporate taxpayer and not of Blackstone
Holdings. The corporate taxpayers expect to benefit from the remaining 15% of cash savings, if any, in income tax that they realize. For purposes of the tax receivable agreement, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing the actual
income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayer would have been required to pay had there been no increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings as a
result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable agreement. A limited partner of Blackstone Holdings may also elect to exchange his or her Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in a tax-free transaction
where the limited partner is making a charitable contribution. In such a case, the exchange will not result in an increase in the tax basis of the assets of Blackstone Holdings and no payments will be made under the tax receivable agreement. The
term of the tax receivable agreement commenced upon consummation of our IPO and will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless the corporate taxpayers exercise their right to terminate the tax receivable agreement
for an amount based on the agreed payments remaining to be made under the agreement.    Assuming no future material changes in
the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the expected future payments under the tax receivable agreement (which are taxable to
the recipients) in respect of the purchase and exchanges will aggregate $1.2 billion over the next 15 years. The after-tax net present value of these estimated payments totals $407.4 million assuming a 15% discount rate and using an
estimate of timing of the benefit to be received. Future payments under the tax receivable agreement in respect of subsequent exchanges would be in addition to these amounts. The payments under the tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon
continued ownership of Blackstone equity interests by the pre-IPO owners and the others mentioned above. Subsequent to December 31, 2013, payments totaling $80.6 million were made to certain pre-IPO owners and others mentioned above in
accordance with the tax receivable agreement and related to tax benefits we received for the 2012 taxable year. Those payments included payments of $12,702,691 to Stephen A. Schwarzman and investment vehicles controlled by a relative of
Mr. Schwarzman; $2,283,817 to Hamilton E. James and a trust for which Mr. James is the investment trustee; $1,328,521 to J. Tomilson Hill and a trust for which Mr. Hill is the investment trustee and $34,633 to Laurence A. Tosi.
   In addition, the tax receivable agreement provides that upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business
combinations or other changes of control, the corporate taxpayers’ (or their successors’) obligations with respect to exchanged or acquired units (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such transaction) would be based on certain
assumptions, including that the corporate taxpayers would have sufficient taxable  
      251
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
income to fully utilize the benefits arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other similar benefits. Upon a subsequent actual exchange, any additional increase in tax
deductions, tax basis and other similar benefits in excess of the amounts assumed at the change in control will also result in payments under the tax receivable agreement.    Decisions we make in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing and amount
of payments that are received by an exchanging or selling holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, under the tax receivable agreement. For example, the earlier disposition of assets following an exchange or acquisition transaction will
generally accelerate payments under a tax receivable agreement and increase the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before an exchange or acquisition transaction will increase the tax liability of a holder of Blackstone
Holdings Partnership Units without giving rise to any rights of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to receive payments under any tax receivable agreements.    Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, the corporate taxpayers will not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under a tax receivable
agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made under a tax receivable agreement in excess of the corporate taxpayers’ cash tax savings.    Registration Rights Agreement    In connection with the restructuring
and IPO, we entered into a registration rights agreement with our pre-IPO owners pursuant to which we granted them, their affiliates and certain of their transferees the right, under certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, to
require us to register under the Securities Act common units delivered in exchange for Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or common units (and other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common units) otherwise held
by them. In addition, newly admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have subsequently become parties to the registration rights agreement. Under the registration rights
agreement, we agreed to register the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for common units by our holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. In June 2008, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the Securities and
Exchange Commission to cover future issuances from time to time of up to 818,008,105 common units to holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units upon exchange of up to an equal number of such Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. In
addition, our founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, has the right to request that we register the sale of common units held by holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units an unlimited number of times and may require us to make available shelf
registration statements permitting sales of common units into the market from time to time over an extended period. In addition, Mr. Schwarzman has the ability to exercise certain piggyback registration rights in respect of common units held by
holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in connection with registered offerings requested by other registration rights holders or initiated by us.    iLevel Transaction    Blackstone and Swift River Investments, Inc., a
private family investment firm which manages capital on behalf of our President, Chief Operating Officer and Director, Hamilton E. James, his brother, David R. James, and members of their families, are the largest shareholders in iLevel Solutions
LLC (“iLevel”), a business that provides private equity software and advanced portfolio monitoring software solutions to private equity firms and other institutions, including Blackstone, with approximately 22.0% and 25.4% equity
interests, respectively. While Hamilton E. James has a majority economic interest in Swift River Investments, the day-to-day business of Swift River Investments is managed by David R. James.  
      252
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Compensation of Jonathan D. Gray  
 On February 24, 2012, Jonathan D. Gray was appointed to the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., the general
partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. Mr. Gray joined Blackstone in 1992 and is a Senior Managing Director and Global Head of Real Estate. For 2013, Mr. Gray received a base salary of $350,000 and an annual cash bonus payment of
$26,665,762. The cash payment was based upon the performance of the Real Estate segment, including the contribution of all current and past funds within the segment dating back to before the IPO. The ultimate cash payment to Mr. Gray was,
however, determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman in consultation with Mr. James.    Mr. Gray also
participated in the performance fees of our funds, consisting of carried interest in our carry funds and incentive fees in our funds that pay incentive fees. The compensation paid to Mr. Gray in respect of carried interest in our carry funds
primarily relates to Mr. Gray’s participation in the real estate funds (which were formed both before and after the IPO). The amount of cash payments in respect of carried interest or incentive fee allocations to Mr. Gray for 2013 was
$25,985,203. See “Executive Compensation—Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers” in this report for additional discussion of the elements of our compensation program.  
 Mr. Gray was also allocated restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT in connection with advisory services provided by
Blackstone to BXMT. The value of the restricted shares allocated to Mr. Gray, based on the closing price of BXMT’s common stock on the date of the award, was $940,157. These restricted shares will vest over three years with one-sixth of
the shares vesting at the end of the second quarter after the date of the award and the remaining shares vesting in ten equal quarterly installments thereafter.    Blackstone Holdings Partnership Agreements    As a result of the
reorganization and the IPO, The Blackstone Group L.P. became a holding partnership and, through wholly owned subsidiaries, held equity interests in the five holdings partnerships (i.e., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P.,
Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P.). On January 1, 2009, in order to simplify our structure and ease the related administrative burden and costs, we effected an internal restructuring to
reduce the number of holding partnerships from five to four by causing Blackstone Holdings III L.P. to transfer all of its assets and liabilities to Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. In connection therewith, Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. was renamed
Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. The economic interests of The Blackstone Group L.P. in Blackstone’s business remains entirely unaffected. “Blackstone Holdings” refers
to the five holding partnerships prior to the January 2009 reorganization and the four holdings partnerships subsequent to the January 2009 reorganization. Wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. are the sole general partner of
each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Accordingly, The Blackstone Group L.P. operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Blackstone Holdings and, through Blackstone Holdings and its operating entity subsidiaries, conducts our
business. Through its wholly owned subsidiaries, The Blackstone Group L.P. has unilateral control over all of the affairs and decision making of Blackstone Holdings. Furthermore, the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. cannot be
removed as the general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships without their approval. Because our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., operates and controls the business of The Blackstone Group L.P., the board of directors
and officers of our general partner are accordingly responsible for all operational and administrative decisions of Blackstone Holdings and the day-to-day management of Blackstone Holdings’ business. Pursuant to the partnership agreements of
the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of those partnerships have the right to determine when distributions will be made to the partners of Blackstone Holdings
and the amount of any such distributions. If a distribution is authorized, such distribution will be made to the partners of Blackstone Holdings pro rata in accordance with the percentages of their respective partnership interests as described under
“Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities—Cash Distribution Policy.”  
      253
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships has an identical number of partnership units
outstanding, and we use the terms “Blackstone Holdings Partnership Unit” or “partnership unit in/of Blackstone Holdings” to refer, collectively, to a partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. The holders
of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings, including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, will incur U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on their proportionate share of any net taxable income of Blackstone Holdings.
Net profits and net losses of Blackstone Holdings will generally be allocated to its partners (including The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries) pro rata in accordance with the percentages of their respective partnership
interests as described under “Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities—Cash Distribution Policy”. The partnership agreements of the
Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provide for cash distributions, which we refer to as “tax distributions,” to the partners of such partnerships if the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of
the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships determine that the taxable income of the relevant partnership will give rise to taxable income for its partners. Generally, these tax distributions are computed based on our estimate of the net taxable income of
the relevant partnership allocable to a partner multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to the highest effective marginal combined U.S. federal, state and local income tax rate prescribed for an individual or corporate resident in New York, New York
(taking into account the non-deductibility of certain expenses and the character of our income). Tax distributions are made only to the extent all distributions from such partnerships for the relevant year are insufficient to cover such tax
liabilities.    Subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the
partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may be exchanged for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units as described under “—Exchange Agreement” below. In addition, the
Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of The Blackstone Group L.P. which are the general partners of those partnerships to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the Blackstone
Holdings Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for our common units.
   See “—Item 11. Executive Compensation—Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of
Plan-Based Awards—Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units—Vesting Provisions” for a discussion of vesting provisions applicable to Blackstone personnel in respect of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by them in
the reorganization and “—Item 11. Executive Compensation—Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards—Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units—Minimum Retained Ownership
Requirements and Transfer Restrictions” for a discussion of minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The generally applicable vesting and minimum retained
ownership requirements and transfer restrictions are outlined in the sections referenced in the preceding sentence. There may be some different arrangements for some individuals in some instances. In addition, we may waive these requirements and
restrictions from time to time.    In addition, substantially all of our expenses, including substantially all expenses solely
incurred by or attributable to The Blackstone Group L.P. but not including obligations incurred under the tax receivable agreement by The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, income tax expenses of The Blackstone Group L.P.’s
wholly owned subsidiaries and payments on indebtedness incurred by The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, are borne by Blackstone Holdings.    Exchange Agreement    In connection with the reorganization and IPO, we
entered into an exchange agreement with the holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (other than The Blackstone Group L.P.’s wholly owned subsidiaries). In addition, newly admitted Blackstone senior managing directors and certain
others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have subsequently become parties to the exchange agreement. Under the exchange  
      254
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
agreement, subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, each such
holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (and certain transferees thereof) may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange these partnership units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a
one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, unit distributions and reclassifications. Under the exchange agreement, to effect an exchange a holder of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings must simultaneously
exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. As a holder exchanges its Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, The Blackstone Group L.P.’s indirect interest in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be
correspondingly increased.    Firm Use of Private Aircraft    Certain entities controlled by Mr. Schwarzman wholly own an airplane and have a partial interest in a helicopter that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations. Mr. Schwarzman
paid for the ownership interests in these aircraft himself and bore all operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with their operation. The hourly payments we made to these entities for such use were based on current market rates. In
2013, we paid to these entities $2.7 million for the use of the airplane and $0.2 million for the use of the helicopter.    An entity jointly controlled by Mr. James and Mr. Gray wholly owns an airplane that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations. Each of Mr. James and Mr. Gray paid
for his respective ownership interest in this aircraft himself and bore his respective share of the operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with its operation. The hourly payments we will make for such use will be based on current
market rates. Although we made no payments during 2013 for such use, we expect the amount payable in connection with our use of this aircraft in 2013 to be approximately $0.8 million.    Side-By-Side and Other Investment Transactions    Our directors and executive
officers are permitted to invest their own capital in side-by-side investments with our carry funds. Side-by-side investments are investments in portfolio companies or other assets on generally the same terms and conditions as those investments made
by the applicable fund, except that these side-by-side investments are not subject to management fees or carried interest. In addition, our directors and executive officers are permitted to invest their own capital in our funds of hedge funds and
credit-focused funds that are structured as hedge funds, in some instances, not subject to management fees or carried interest. These investment opportunities are available to all of our senior managing directors and to those of our employees whom
we have determined to have a status that reasonably permits us to offer them these types of investments in compliance with applicable laws. During the year ended December 31, 2013, Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. James, Mr. Hill,
Mr. Tosi, Mr. Finley and Mr. Parrett (and certain investment trusts controlled by them or their immediate family members) received $78.2 million, $15.7 million, $10.3 million, $0.1 million, $0.2 million and $0.2 million, respectively,
relating to their personal investments (and the investments of such trusts) in Blackstone-managed investment funds.    Statement of Policy
Regarding Transactions with Related Persons    The board of directors of our general partner has adopted a written statement
of policy regarding transactions with related persons, which we refer to as our “related person policy.” Our related person policy requires that a “related person” (as defined as in paragraph (a) of Item 404 of
Regulation S-K) must promptly disclose to the Chief Legal Officer of our general partner any “related person transaction” (defined as any transaction that is reportable by us under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K in which we were or are
to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest) and all material facts with respect thereto. The Chief Legal Officer will then promptly communicate
that information to the board of directors of our general partner. No related person  
      255
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
transaction will be consummated without the approval or ratification of the board of directors of our general partner or any committee of the board of directors consisting exclusively of
disinterested directors. It is our policy that directors interested in a related person transaction will recuse themselves from any vote of a related person transaction in which they have an interest.  
 Indemnification of Directors and Officers    Under our partnership agreement, in most circumstances we will indemnify the following persons, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or
several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts: our general partner; any departing general partner; any person who is or was an affiliate of a general partner or any
departing general partner; any person who is or was a member, partner, tax matters partner, officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of us or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of
ours or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner; any person who is or was serving at the request of a general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of a general partner or any departing general
partner as an officer, director, employee, member, partner, agent, fiduciary or trustee of another person; or any person designated by our general partner. We have agreed to provide this indemnification to the extent such person acted in good faith
and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the partnership, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against such person, to deny indemnification if such person
had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings. Any indemnification under these provisions will only be out of our assets. Unless it otherwise
agrees, the general partner will not be personally liable for, or have any obligation to contribute or loan funds or assets to us to enable it to effectuate indemnification. We may purchase insurance against liabilities asserted against and expenses
incurred by persons for our activities, regardless of whether we would have the power to indemnify the person against liabilities under our partnership agreement.    We will also indemnify any of our employees who personally becomes subject to a “clawback” obligation to one of our investment funds in respect of carried interest that we have received. See
“Part I. Item 1. Business—Incentive Arrangements / Fee Structure”.    Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements
   We have entered into a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement with each of our professionals and other senior
employees, including each of our executive officers. See “—Item 11. Executive Compensation—Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreements” for a description of the material terms of such agreements.  
 Director Independence  
 Because we are a publicly traded limited partnership, the NYSE rules do not require our general partner’s board to be made up of a
majority of independent directors. However, five of the nine members of our general partner’s board of directors satisfy the independence and financial literacy requirements of the NYSE and the SEC. These directors are Messrs. Jenrette, Light,
Mulroney and Parrett and Ms. Lazarus. Based on all relevant facts and circumstances, our general partner’s board of directors affirmatively determined on January 28, 2014 that the independent directors have no material relationship
with us or our general partner. The board of directors of our general partner follows the following standards in determining director independence:    Under any circumstances, a director is not independent if:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is, or has been within the preceding three years, employed by our general partner or us,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an immediate family member of the director was employed as an executive officer of our general partner or us within the preceding three years,
 
      256
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director, or an immediate family member of that director, received within the preceding three years more than $120,000 in any twelve-month period
in direct compensation from us, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service),
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is a current partner or employee of a firm that is our internal or external auditor; the director has an immediate family member who is a
current partner of such a firm; the director has an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm and personally works on our audit; or the director or an immediate family member of that director was within the last three years a
partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on our or a predecessor’s audit within that time,      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director or an immediate family member is, or has been within the preceding three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where
any of our general partner’s present executive officers at the same time serves or served on such other company’s compensation committee, or      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   the director is a current employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received
payments from, us for property or services in an amount which, in any of the preceding three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of $1,000,000 or two percent (2%) of the consolidated gross revenues of the other company.
   The following commercial or charitable relationships will not be considered to be material relationships
that would impair a director’s independence:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if the director or an immediate family member of that director serves as an executive officer, director or trustee of a charitable organization, and
our annual charitable contributions to that organization (excluding contributions by us under any established matching gift program) are less than the greater of $1,000,000 or two percent (2%) of that organization’s consolidated gross
revenues in its most recent fiscal year, and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if the director or an immediate family member of that director (or a company for which the director serves as a director or executive officer) invests
in or alongside of one or more investment funds or investment companies managed by us or any of our subsidiaries, whether or not fees or other incentive arrangements for us or our subsidiaries are borne by the investing person.
     
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES    The following table summarizes the aggregate fees for professional services provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and their respective affiliates
(collectively, the “Deloitte Entities”):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
 Blackstone Entities, Principally Fund Related (c) 
   
    
 Blackstone Funds, Transaction Related (d) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Audit Fees 
    
 $ 
 9,130 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 25,504 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Audit-Related Fees 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 170 
    
    
 $ 
 9,778 
    
 
   Tax Fees 
    
 $ 
 450 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 47,164 
    
    
 $ 
 2,984 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
   
   
 Blackstone Entities, Principally Fund Related (c) 
   
    
 Blackstone Funds, Transaction Related (d) 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Audit Fees 
    
 $ 
 11,000 
 (a)  
   
 $ 
 22,544 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Audit-Related Fees 
    
 $ 
 1,046 
    
   
 $ 
 95 
    
    
 $ 
 9,677 
    
 
   Tax Fees 
    
 $ 
 500 
 (b)  
   
 $ 
 29,068 
    
    
 $ 
 4,802 
    
 
      257
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
 (a) 
 Audit Fees consisted of fees for (a) the audits of our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and services attendant to, or required
by, statute or regulation, (b) reviews of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and (c) consents and other services related to SEC and other regulatory filings.
 
 
 
 (b) 
 Tax Fees consisted of fees for services rendered for tax compliance and tax planning and advisory services.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The Deloitte Entities also provide audit and tax services to certain Blackstone funds and other corporate entities. The tax services provided consist primarily of tax
compliance and related services.  
 
 
 (d) 
 Audit-Related Fees included merger and acquisition due diligence services provided in connection with potential acquisitions of portfolio companies for investment
purposes primarily to certain private equity and real estate funds managed by Blackstone in its capacity as the general partner. In addition, the Deloitte Entities provide audit, audit-related, tax and other services to certain portfolio companies
for which services and fees are approved directly by the portfolio company’s management and are not included in the amounts presented here.    Our audit committee charter, which is available on our website at www.blackstone.com under “Investor Relations”, requires the audit committee to approve in advance all audit and non-audit
related services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the audit and non-audit related services pre-approval policy. All services reported in the Audit, Audit-Related and Tax categories above were
approved by the audit committee.  
      258
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV.      
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES      
 
 
 (a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this annual report.      
 
 
 1. 
 Financial Statements:   
 See Item 8 above.      
 
 
 2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules:     Schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable, and therefore have been omitted.
     
 
 
 3. 
 Exhibits:       
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
   3.1 
    
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
No. 333-141504) filed with the SEC on March 22, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
   3.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27,
2007). 
 
 
 
 
   3.2.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 3.2.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
   3.2.2 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of The Blackstone Group L.P., dated as of November 4, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 3.2.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
   4.1 
    
 Indenture dated as of August 20, 2009 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P.,
Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
   4.2 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 20, 2009 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone
Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20,
2009). 
 
 
 
 
   4.3 
    
 Form of 6.625% Senior Note due 2019 (included in Exhibit 4.2 and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20,
2009). 
 
 
 
 
   4.4 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 20, 2010, among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone
Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33551)
filed with the SEC on September 22, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
   4.5 
    
 Form of 5.875% Senior Note due 2021 (included in Exhibit 4.4 hereto). 
      259
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
   4.6 
    
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2012 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone
Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File
No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 17, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   4.7 
    
 Form of 4.75% Senior Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.6 hereto). 
 
 
 
 
   4.8 
    
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2012 among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone
Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File
No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 17, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
   4.9 
    
 Form of 6.25% Senior Note due 2042 (included in Exhibit 4.8 hereto). 
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings I L.P., dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. and the limited
partners of Blackstone Holdings I L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on
August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.1.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings I L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.2 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc. and the limited
partners of Blackstone Holdings II L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on
August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.2.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings II L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.3 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings III L.P., dated as of January 1, 2009, by and among Blackstone Holdings III GP L.L.C. and the
limited partners of Blackstone Holdings III L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC
on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.3.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings III L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., dated as of January 1, 2009, by and among Blackstone Holdings IV GP L.P. and the
limited partners of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001- 33551) filed with the SEC
on March 2, 2009). 
      260
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 10.4.1 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., dated as of November 3, 2009 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.4.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.5 
    
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I/II GP Inc., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P. and the limited
partners of Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Blackstone Holdings II L.P. party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No.
001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.6 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2013, among The Blackstone Group L.P., Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone
Holdings III L.P., Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. and the Blackstone Holdings Limited Partners party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012
(File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.8.1+ 
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 6, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
 10.9+* 
    
 The Blackstone Group L.P. Fifth Amended and Restated Bonus Deferral Plan effective as of December 1, 2013. 
 
 
 
 
 10.10+ 
    
 Founding Member Agreement of Stephen A. Schwarzman, dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Stephen A. Schwarzman (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.11+ 
    
 Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2008, between Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and Laurence A. Tosi (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 12, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.12+ 
    
 Form of Senior Managing Director Agreement by and among Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and each of the Senior Managing Directors from time to time party thereto (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-141504) filed with the SEC on June 14, 2007). (Applicable to all executive officers other than Messrs. Schwarzman and
Peterson). 
 
 
 
 
 10.13+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Restricted Common Unit Award Agreement (Directors) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended June 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.14+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Restricted Blackstone Holdings Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant’s Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.15 
    
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2010, among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., as borrower, Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone
Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., as Guarantors, Citibank N.A., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2011). 
      261
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 10.15.1 
    
 First Amendment, dated as of April 8, 2011, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2010, among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., as Borrower, Blackstone
Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., as Guarantors, Citibank N.A., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 6, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
 10.15.2 
    
 Second Amendment, dated as of July 13, 2012, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2010, among Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C., as Borrower, Blackstone
Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., as Guarantors, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on July 17, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.16 
    
 Letter Agreement between The Blackstone Group L.P. and the Beijing Wonderful Investments Ltd, dated May 22, 2007 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the
Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-141504) filed with the SEC on June 4, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.17 
    
 Letter Agreement, dated October 16, 2008, between The Blackstone Group L.P. and Beijing Wonderful Investments Ltd, amending the Letter Agreement, dated May 22, 2007,
between The Blackstone Group L.P. and Beijing Wonderful Investments Ltd (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16.1 to the Registrants’ Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 16, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.18+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BMA V L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BMA
V L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.19+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA
International (Cayman) Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on
August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.19.1+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International
L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA International (Cayman) Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.20+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International II L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA
International (Cayman) II Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on
August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.20.1+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates International II
L.P., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among BREA International (Cayman) II Ltd. and certain limited partners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2008). 
      262
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 10.21+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Management Associates IV L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III
L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Management Associates IV L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with
the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.22+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings
III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551)
filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.23+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates II L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone
Holdings III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Mezzanine Management Associates II L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File
No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.24+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA IV L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of
BREA IV L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.25+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA V L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of
BREA V L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.26+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA VI L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of
BREA VI L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.26.1+ 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of January 1, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BREA VI L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and
among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BREA VI L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26.1 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed
with the SEC on May 15, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.27 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Communications Management Associates I L.L.C., dated as of May 31, 2007, by and among Blackstone
Holdings III L.P. and certain members of Blackstone Communications Management Associates I L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007
(File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 10.28+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of BCLA L.L.C., dated as of April 15, 2008, by and among Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and certain members of BCLA
L.L.C. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 15,
2008). 
      263
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 10.29+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Management Associates Europe III L.P., dated as of June 30, 2008 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.30+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Associates L.L.C., dated as of June 30, 2008 (incorporated herein
by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.31+ 
    
 BMA VI L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 7, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.32+ 
    
 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001- 33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.33+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Overseas Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.34+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Origination Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35
to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.35+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.36 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001- 33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.36+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities Overseas Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.37+ 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Liquidity Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.38+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Liquidity Overseas Associates LLC, dated as of March 3, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39
to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 2, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.39+ 
    
 Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Associates LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
      264
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 10.40+ 
    
 Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Overseas Associates LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2009 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.41+ 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Associates II L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2009 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.42+ 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Management Associates Europe L.P. Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of June 30, 2009 (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.43+ 
    
 BRECA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant’s Quarterly
Report on 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 10.44 
    
 Amended and Restated Master Aircraft Dry Lease Agreement between 113CS LLC and Blackstone Management Partners IV, L.L.C., dated as of February 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 28, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.45 
    
 GSO Targeted Opportunity Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Dated as of December 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48
to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 10, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
 10.46 
    
 GSO Targeted Opportunity Overseas Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 10, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
 10.47 
    
 BCVA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 6, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
 10.48 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of MB Asia REA L.P., dated November 23, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the
Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 25, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
 10.49 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO SJ Partners Associates LLC, dated December 7, 2010, by and among GSO Holdings I L.L.C. and certain members of
GSO SJ Partners Associates LLC thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 6,
2011). 
 
 
 
 
 10.50 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of GSO Capital Opportunities Associates II LLC, dated as of March 31, 2011, by and among GSO Holdings I L.L.C. and
certain members of GSO Capital Opportunities Associates II LLC thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with
the SEC on May 6, 2011). 
      265
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 10.51 
    
 Blackstone EMA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
 10.52 
    
 GSO NMERB Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
 10.53 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P. Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of September 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 9, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
 10.53.1 
    
 Blackstone Real Estate Associates VII L.P. Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated as of September 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.53.1 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2011 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on February 28, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.54 
    
 GSO Energy Partners-A Associates LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.55 
    
 BTOA L.L.C. Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.56+ 
    
 Form of Deferred Holdings Unit Agreement for Senior Managing Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.57+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Commercial Real Estate Debt Associates L.L.C., dated as of November 12, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference
to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on August 7, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.58+ 
    
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Blackstone Innovations L.L.C., dated November 2, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.59+ 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Innovations (Cayman) III L.P., dated November 2, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 10.60+ 
    
 GSO Foreland Resources Co-Invest Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.60 to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 1,
2013). 
      266
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Exhibit Description 


 
 10.61+ 
    
 GSO Palmetto Opportunistic Associates LLC Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to
the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2012 (File No. 001-33551) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
 10.62+* 
    
 Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2010, between Blackstone Holdings I L.P. and John G. Finley. 
 
 
 
 
 10.63+* 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Associates Asia L.P., dated February 26, 2014. 
 
 
 
 
 10.64+* 
    
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Exempted Limited Partnership of Blackstone Real Estate Associates Europe IV L.P., dated February 26, 2014. 
 
 
 
 
 21.1* 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 
 
 
 23.1* 
    
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 
 
 
 
 
 31.1* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 
 
 
 31.2* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 
 
 
 32.1* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished
herewith). 
 
 
 
 
 32.2* 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished
herewith). 
 
 
 
 
 99.1* 
    
 Section 13(r) Disclosure. 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS* 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
     
 
 
 * 
 Filed herewith.  
 
 
 + 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate.  
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with
respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the
specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.  
      267
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Date: February 28, 2014 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 The Blackstone Group L.P. 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 By: 
   
   Blackstone Group Management L.L.C.,   its General Partner 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
   /s/ Laurence A. Tosi 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
   Name: 
   
 Laurence A. Tosi 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
   Title: 
   
   Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and   Authorized
Signatory) 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 28th day of February, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
   
   Title 


 
   /s/ Stephen A. Schwarzman 
 Stephen A. Schwarzman 
   
   Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jonathan D. Gray 
 Jonathan D. Gray 
   
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ J. Tomilson Hill 
 J. Tomilson Hill 
   
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Hamilton E. James 
 Hamilton E. James 
   
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Richard Jenrette 
 Richard Jenrette 
   
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Rochelle B. Lazarus 
 Rochelle B. Lazarus 
   
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jay O. Light   Jay O. Light 
   
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Brian Mulroney   Brian Mulroney 
   
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ William G. Parrett 
 William G. Parrett 
   
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Laurence A. Tosi 
 Laurence A. Tosi 
   
   Chief Financial Officer   (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Kathleen Skero   Kathleen Skero 
   
   Principal Accounting Officer   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
      268
 

 
 
 
