
 10-K
 1
 d380137d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549
       FORM 10-K  
     [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
   THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
     For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017  
     Commission file number:  001-15317  
     R ES M ED  INC.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
     DELAWARE  
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
     98-0152841  
 (IRS Employer Identification No.)      
 9001 Spectrum Center Blvd.    San Diego, CA 92123    United States of America  
 (Address of principal executive offices)      
 (858) 836-5000    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)      
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
 TITLE OF EACH CLASS    Common Stock, $0.004 Par Value        Name of each exchange upon which registered    New York Stock Exchange
       Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Act    None  
     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes [ x ]    No [   ]      
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes [   ]    No [ x ]        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes [ x ]    No [   ]        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes [ x ]    No
[   ]        Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulations S-K (§ 229.405 of this Chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this  Form 10-K [   ]   
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.        Large accelerated filer [ x ]    Accelerated filer [   ]    Non-accelerated filer [   ]    Smaller reporting
company [   ]     Emerging growth company [   ]        If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [   ]        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes [   ]    No [ x ]
       The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates of registrant as of December 31, 2016 (the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), computed by reference to the closing sale price of such stock on the New York
Stock Exchange, was $8,675,392,803. All directors, executive officers, and 10% stockholders of registrant are considered affiliates.      
 At July 28, 2017, registrant had 142,209,115 shares of Common Stock, $0.004 par value, issued and outstanding. This number excludes 41,086,234 shares held
by the registrant as treasury shares.        Portions of the
registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with the registrant’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed subsequent to the date hereof, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this
report.  

 
 
 Table of Contents 

       C ONTE NT S  
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   
    
   
    
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
    
   
 1 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Part I 
    
 Item 1 
    
 Business 
    
   
 1 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 1A 
    
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 24 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 1B 
    
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 40 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 2 
    
 Properties 
    
   
 40 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 3 
    
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 41 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 4 
    
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 42 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Part II 
    
 Item 5 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 43 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 6 
    
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 45 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 7 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 47 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 7A 
    
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market and Business Risks 
    
   
 59 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 8 
    
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 62 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 9 
    
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 63 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 9A 
    
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 63 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 9B 
    
 Other Information 
    
   
 66 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Part III 
    
 Item 10 
    
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 67 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 11 
    
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 67 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 12 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 67 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 13 
    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
    
   
 67 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 14 
    
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 67 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Part IV 
    
 Item 15 
    
 Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 68 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Item 16 
    
 Form  10-K  Summary 
    
   
 71 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Signatures 
    
   
 S-1 
   
       As used in this  10-K,  the terms “we”, “us”, “our” and “the Company” refer to ResMed Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, unless otherwise stated.
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 

    PART I
       Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements      
 This report contains certain forward-looking statements and information that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as
estimates and assumptions made by, and information currently available to our management. All statements other than statements regarding historical facts are forward-looking statements. The words “believe,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “seek,” “will,” “will continue,” “estimate,” “plan,” “future” and other similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements,
including, in particular, statements regarding the development and approval of new products and product applications, market expansion, pending litigation, and the development of new markets for our products, such as cardiovascular and stroke
markets. These forward-looking statements are made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements each of which applies only
as of the date of this report. Such forward-looking statements reflect the views of our management at the time such statements are made and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions, including, without limitation,
and in addition to those identified in the text surrounding such statements, those identified in Item 1A “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this report.      
 In addition, important factors to consider in evaluating such forward-looking statements include changes or developments in social,
economic, market, legal or regulatory circumstances, changes in our business or growth strategy or an inability to execute our strategy due to changes in our industry or the economy generally, the emergence of new or growing competitors, the actions
or omissions of third parties, including suppliers, customers, competitors and governmental authorities, and various other factors subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to materially differ from those projected or
implied in the forward-looking statements. Should any one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or the underlying estimates or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary significantly from those expressed in such
forward-looking statements, and there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this report will in fact occur.      
 
 
 I TEM  1 
 B USINESS       
 General      
 We are a global leader in the development, manufacturing, distribution and marketing of medical devices and cloud-based software
applications that diagnose, treat and manage respiratory disorders including sleep disordered breathing, or SDB, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or COPD, neuromuscular disease and other chronic diseases. SDB includes obstructive sleep apnea,
or OSA, and other respiratory disorders that occur during sleep. Our products and solutions are designed to improve patient quality of life, reduce the impact of chronic disease and lower healthcare costs as global healthcare systems continue to
drive a shift in care from hospitals to the home and lower cost settings. Our cloud-based software digital health applications, along with our devices are designed to provide connected care to improve patient outcomes and efficiencies for our
customers.        Following our formation in 1989, we
commercialized a treatment for OSA. This treatment, nasal Continuous Positive Airway Pressure, or CPAP, was the first successful noninvasive treatment for OSA. CPAP systems deliver pressurized air, typically through a nasal mask, to prevent collapse
of the upper airway during sleep.  
      - 1 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Since the development of CPAP, we have expanded our business by developing or acquiring a
number of innovative products and solutions for a broader range of respiratory disorders including technologies to be applied in medical and consumer products, ventilation devices, diagnostic products, mask systems for use in the hospital and home,
headgear and other accessories, dental devices, portable oxygen concentrators, or POCs and cloud-based software informatics solutions to manage patient outcomes and customer and provider business processes. Our growth has been fueled by geographic
expansion, our research and product development efforts, acquisitions and an increasing awareness of SDB and respiratory conditions like COPD as significant health concerns.  
     We employ approximately 6,000 people and sell our products in
approximately 120 countries through a combination of wholly owned subsidiaries and independent distributors.      
 Our web site address is www.resmed.com. We make our periodic reports, together with any amendments, available on our website, free of
charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish the reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Information contained on the website is not part of or incorporated into this annual report.
       Corporate History  
     ResMed Inc., a Delaware corporation, was formed in March
1994 as the ultimate holding company for our operating subsidiaries. In June 1995, we completed an initial public offering of common stock and our common stock began trading on the NASDAQ National Market. In September 1999, we transferred our
principal listing to the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, trading under the ticker symbol “RMD”. In November 1999, we established a secondary listing of our common stock via Chess Depositary Instruments, or CDIs, on the Australian
Stock Exchange (now known as the Australian Securities Exchange), or ASX, also under the symbol “RMD”. Ten CDIs on the ASX represent one share of our common stock on the NYSE.        Our Australian subsidiary, ResMed Holdings Limited, was originally organized in 1989 by Dr. Peter Farrell
to acquire from Baxter Center for Medical Research Pty Limited, or Baxter, the rights to certain technology relating to CPAP treatment as well as Baxter’s existing CPAP device business. Baxter acquired the rights to the technology in 1987, and
sold CPAP devices in Australia from 1988 until our acquisition of the business.        Since formation we have acquired a number of businesses, including distributors, suppliers, developers of medical equipment and related technologies and software solutions providers.  
     Segment Information  
     We have determined that we predominantly operate in a single
operating segment, which is the sleep and respiratory disorders sector of the medical device industry. Due to the acquisition of Brightree LLC in April 2016, our operations now include the supply of business management software and services to
medical equipment and home health providers. However, these operations, both in terms of revenue and profit, are not material to our global operations and have not been separately reported. See Note 15 – Segment Information of the Notes to
Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8) for financial information regarding segment reporting. Financial information about our revenues from and assets located in foreign countries is also included in the Notes to our consolidated financial
statements.        The Market  
     We are focused on the sleep and related respiratory care
markets, both of which we believe are globally underpenetrated markets, and where we believe our products can improve patient outcomes, create efficiencies for our customers, help physicians and providers better manage chronic disease and reduce
overall healthcare system costs.  
      - 2 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sleep  
     Sleep is a complex neurological process that includes two
distinct states: rapid eye movement, or REM, sleep and  non-rapid  eye movement, or  non-REM,  sleep. REM sleep, which is about
 20-25%  of total sleep experienced by adults, is characterized by a high level of brain activity, bursts of rapid eye movement, increased heart and respiration rates, and paralysis of many muscles.  Non-REM  sleep is subdivided into four stages that generally parallel sleep depth; stage 1 is the lightest and stage 4 is the deepest.  
     The upper airway has no rigid support and is held open by
active contraction of upper airway muscles. Normally, during REM sleep and deeper levels of  non-REM  sleep, upper airway muscles relax and the airway narrows. Individuals with narrow upper airways or poor
muscle tone are prone to temporary collapses of the upper airway during sleep, called apneas, and to near closures of the upper airway called hypopneas. These breathing events result in a lowering of blood oxygen concentration, causing the central
nervous system to react to the lack of oxygen or increased carbon dioxide and signaling the body to respond. Typically, the individual subconsciously arouses from sleep, causing the throat muscles to contract, opening the airway. After a few gasping
breaths, blood oxygen levels increase and the individual can resume a deeper sleep until the cycle repeats itself. Sufferers of OSA typically experience ten or more such cycles per hour. While these awakenings greatly impair the quality of sleep,
the individual is not normally aware of these disruptions. In addition, OSA has been recognized as a cause of hypertension and a significant  co-morbidity  for heart disease, stroke and diabetes.  
     A long-term epidemiology study published in 2013 estimated
that 26% of adults age  30-70  have some form of obstructive sleep apnea. In the United States alone, this represents approximately 46 million people. Despite the high prevalence of OSA, there is a general
lack of awareness of OSA among both the medical community and the general public. It is estimated that less than 20% of those with OSA have been diagnosed or treated. Many healthcare professionals are often unable to diagnose OSA because they are
unaware that such  non-specific  symptoms as excessive daytime sleepiness, snoring, hypertension and irritability are characteristic of OSA.  
     While OSA has been diagnosed in a broad cross-section of the
population, until recently, it has typically been diagnosed among middle-aged men who are obese. However, we believe the importance of OSA in women is increasingly being recognized, with nearly 40% of new PAP patients being female. A strong
association has been discovered between OSA and a number of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Studies have shown that SDB is present in approximately 83% of patients with drug-resistant hypertension, approximately 72% of patients with type 2
diabetes, approximately 77% of patients with obesity and approximately 76% of patients with chronic heart failure.      
 Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Obstructive Sleep Apnea  
     Sleep-disordered breathing encompasses all disease processes
that cause abnormal breathing patterns during sleep. Manifestations include OSA, central sleep apnea, or CSA, and hypoventilation syndromes that occur during sleep. Hypoventilation syndromes are generally associated with obesity, chronic obstructive
lung disease and neuromuscular disease. OSA is the most common form of SDB.  
      - 3 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sleep fragmentation and the loss of the deeper levels of sleep caused by OSA can lead to
excessive daytime sleepiness, reduced cognitive function, including memory loss and lack of concentration, depression and irritability. OSA sufferers also experience an increase in heart rate and an elevation of blood pressure during the cycle of
apneas. Several studies indicate that the oxygen desaturation, increased heart rate and elevated blood pressure caused by OSA may be associated with increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality due to angina, stroke and heart attack.
Patients with OSA have been shown to have impaired daytime performance in a variety of cognitive functions including problem solving, response speed and visual motor coordination, and studies have linked OSA to increased occurrences of traffic and
workplace accidents.        Generally, an individual
seeking treatment for the symptoms of OSA is referred by a general practitioner to a sleep specialist for further evaluation. The diagnosis of OSA typically requires monitoring the patient during sleep at either a sleep clinic or the patient’s
home. During overnight testing, respiratory parameters and sleep patterns may be monitored, along with other vital signs such as heart rate and blood oxygen levels. Simpler tests, using devices such as our Apnealink Air, or our automatic positive
airway pressure devices, monitor airflow during sleep, and use computer programs to analyze airflow patterns. These tests allow sleep clinicians to detect any sleep disturbances such as apneas, hypopneas or subconscious awakenings.  
     Before 1981, the primary treatment for OSA was a tracheotomy,
a surgical procedure to create a hole in the patient’s windpipe. Alternative surgical treatments have involved either uvulopalatopharyngoplasty, or UPPP, in which surgery is performed on the upper airway to remove excess tissue and to
streamline the shape of the airway or implanting a device to add support to the soft palate. UPPP alone has a poor success rate; however, when performed in conjunction with multi-stage upper airway surgical procedures, a greater success rate has
been claimed. These combined procedures, performed by highly specialized surgeons, are expensive and involve prolonged and often painful recovery periods. Surgical treatments are not considered first line therapy for OSA. Other alternative
treatments available today include nasal surgery, mandibular advancement surgery, dental appliances, palatal implants, somnoplasty, nasal devices and electrical stimulation of the nerves or muscles. Alternative pharmaceutical therapy treatments are
reported to be under development.        A variety of
devices are marketed for the treatment of OSA. Most are only partially effective, but CPAP is a reliable treatment for all severities of OSA and is considered first-line therapy. Use of mandibular advancement devices is increasing as a second-line
option in patients unable to use CPAP or those with mild OSA. These devices cause the mandible and tongue to be pulled forward and improve the dimensions of the upper airway. CPAP is a  non-invasive  means of
treating OSA. CPAP was first used as a treatment for OSA in 1980 by Dr. Colin Sullivan, the past Chairman of our Medical Advisory Board and was commercialized for treatment of OSA in the United States in the
 mid-1980s.  During CPAP treatment, a patient sleeps with a nasal interface connected to a small portable air device that delivers room air at a positive pressure. The patient breathes in air from the device and
breathes out through an exhaust port in the interface. Continuous air pressure applied in this manner acts as a pneumatic splint to keep the upper airway open and unobstructed. Interfaces include nasal masks and nasal pillows. Sometimes, when a
patient leaks air through their mouth, a full-face mask may need to be used, rather than a nasal interface.  
      - 4 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CPAP is not a cure and, therefore, must be used on a nightly basis as long as treatment is
required. Patient compliance has been a major factor in the efficacy of CPAP treatment. Early generations of CPAP units provided limited patient comfort and convenience. Patients experienced soreness from the repeated use of nasal masks and had
difficulty falling asleep with the CPAP device operating at the prescribed pressure. In more recent years, product innovations to improve patient comfort and compliance have been developed. These include more comfortable patient interface systems;
delay timers that gradually raise air pressure allowing the patient to fall asleep more easily; bilevel air devices, including Variable Positive Airway Pressure, or VPAP systems, which provide different air pressures for inhalation and exhalation;
heated humidification systems to make the airflow more comfortable; and autotitration devices that reduce the average pressure delivered during the night.      
 Respiratory Care      
 Our aim is to provide respiratory care solutions to patients suffering from COPD and other chronic respiratory diseases, such as overlap
syndrome, obesity hypoventilation syndrome, or OHS, and neuromuscular disease, including amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS. We aim to improve their quality of life and slow down disease progression and reduce the costs of patient management.
       Our products cover patients ranging from those
who only require therapy from CPAP or VPAP systems at night, through to those who are dependent on  non-invasive  or invasive ventilation for life-support and those who require long-term oxygen therapy. Our
devices are predominantly used in the home, and to a lesser extent in general hospital wards and respiratory wards. We supply CPAP and VPAP systems,  non-invasive  and invasive ventilators, humidifiers and
accessories, including masks and tubing. We also offer stationary and portable battery powered oxygen concentrators for the administration of long-term oxygen therapy in the home as well as data management systems designed to improve the management
of patients.        Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary
Disease .     COPD encompasses a group of lung diseases defined by persistent airflow limitation, prolongation of exhalation and loss of elasticity in the lungs. It is a progressive and debilitating disease and is
associated with an increased inflammatory response in the airways to noxious gases or particles. Symptoms encountered with COPD include shortness of breath on exertion as well as chronic cough and sputum production. COPD includes diseases such as
emphysema and chronic bronchitis. A recent study based on recent epidemiology data estimates that there are approximately 380 million people worldwide who suffer from COPD.  
     Patients with COPD can have different clinical presentations.
Patients with chronic bronchitis present with hypoxemia and hypercapnia, a chronic productive cough, cor pulmonale and are commonly overweight. Patients with emphysema have more normal blood gases, are usually thin and hyperinflated and have a
decreased diffusion capacity. During sleep, chronic bronchitic patients display more severe hypoxemia. In general, the more hypoxic a COPD patient is during the day the more severe the hypoxemia experienced during sleep. Hypercapnia as a consequence
of hypoventilation also occurs in COPD patients and is more pronounced in REM sleep. Some COPD patients may also suffer from  co-morbid  OSA, a condition known as Overlap Syndrome.  
     Home  non-invasive 
ventilation has the potential to reduce healthcare costs associated with the management of patients with severe COPD by significantly increasing the time between hospital readmissions.  
      - 5 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Overlap Syndrome .     In patients with Overlap
Syndrome, CPAP has been shown to provide benefits in relation to reducing mortality, decreasing hospitalizations and improving lung function and gas exchange.  Non-invasive  ventilation, or NIV, has been
demonstrated to improve outcomes in patients with acute exacerbations of COPD through its ability to improve respiratory acidosis and decrease dyspnea and work of breathing. It may also increase survival rates and reduce length of hospital stays, as
well as reducing and complication rates of factors such as ventilator-associated pneumonia. In patients with stable COPD the advantages of home NIV are less clear but clinical studies have shown improvements in dyspnea scores and health-related
quality of life measures and reductions in hospital readmissions and intensive care stays.        Long-term oxygen therapy, or LTOT, is indicated in chronic respiratory failure patients. The administration of LTOT has been shown to increase survival rates in patients with severe resting hypoxemia. In
hypoxemic COPD patients, LTOT is associated with a lower mortality compared to nocturnal oxygen therapy alone and improved health-related quality of life measures. In long-term COPD survivors with a history of congestive heart failure, LTOT is
associated with a slowing of respiratory failure progression.        Obesity   Hypoventilation Syndrome.     OHS is characterized by the combination of obesity, chronic alveolar hypoventilation leading to daytime hypercapnia and hypoxia and
SDB after the exclusion of other causes of alveolar hypoventilation. OHS is frequently associated with OSA with an estimated 90% of patients also having OSA.      
 In patients with OHS, positive airway therapy, both CPAP and NIV, has been shown to effectively treat upper airway obstruction and reverse
daytime respiratory failure as well as reduce the work of breathing and improve respiratory drive.        Neuromuscular Disease .     Neuromuscular disease is a broad term that encompasses many diseases that either directly (via intrinsic muscle pathology) or indirectly
(via nerve pathology) impair the functioning of muscles. Symptoms of neuromuscular disease and respiratory failure include increasing generalized weakness and fatigue, dysphagia, dyspnoea on exertion and at rest, sleepiness, morning headache,
difficulties with concentration and mood changes. Most neuromuscular diseases are characterized by progressive muscular impairment leading to loss of ambulation, being wheelchair-bound, swallowing difficulties, respiratory muscle weakness and,
eventually, death from respiratory failure. Neuromuscular disorders can be progress rapidly or slowly. Rapidly progressive conditions, such as ALS and Duchenne muscular dystrophy in teenagers, are characterized by muscle impairment which worsens
over months and can result in death within a few years. Variable or slowly progressive conditions, such as Myotonic muscular dystrophy, are characterized by muscle impairment that worsens over years and may mildly reduce life expectancy.  
     NIV treatment to patients with neuromuscular disease may lead
to improvements in respiratory failure symptoms and daytime arterial blood gases. In ALS patients, NIV treatment has been associated with an improvement in quality of life measures, sleep-related symptoms and survival. Studies have demonstrated that
patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy may improve in quality of life measures and survival with NIV treatment.  
      - 6 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Business Strategy        We believe that the SDB and respiratory care markets will continue to grow in the future due to a number of
factors, including increasing awareness of OSA, CSA and COPD, improved understanding of the role of SDB treatment in the management of cardiac, neurologic, metabolic and related disorders, improved understanding of the role of  non-invasive  ventilation in the management of COPD, and an increase in the use of digital and product technology to improve patient outcomes and create efficiencies for customers and providers. Our strategy for
expanding our business operations and capitalizing on the growth of the SDB and respiratory care markets consists of the following key elements:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Continue Product Development and Innovation.     We are committed to ongoing innovation in developing products for the
diagnosis and treatment of SDB. We have been a leading innovator of products designed to treat SDB more effectively, increase patient comfort and encourage compliance with prescribed therapy. In 2016, we introduced a number of new software solutions
including our ResMed Resupply, GoScripts and new features and enhancements within our cloud-based software offerings. Through our acquisition of Brightree, we also acquired a suite of
 software-as-a-service  solutions for U.S. based distributor and home health and hospice customers. In addition, through our
acquisitions of Inova Labs and Curative Medical we acquired the Inova Labs range of POCs and a portfolio of Curative Medical SDB and ventilation products. We believe that the combination of continued product development, product and technology
acquisitions and innovation are key factors to our ongoing success. In 2017, we have continued to introduce new, innovative products and solutions including AirFit™ N20 nasal and F20 full face masks with an InfinitySeal silicone cushion,
AirMini™, the world’s smallest CPAP, AirTouch™ F20 full face mask with Ultrasoft™ memory foam and new integrations and enhancements of AirView and Brightree software, including AirView™ Action Groups. Approximately 14% of
our employees are devoted to research and development activities. In fiscal year 2017, we invested $144.5 million, or approximately 7.0% of our net revenues, in research and development.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expand Geographic Presence.     We market our products in more than 120 countries to sleep clinics, home healthcare dealers,
patients and third-party payors. We intend to increase our sales and marketing efforts in our principal markets, as well as expand the depth of our presence in other high-growth geographic regions. In 2016, we acquired Curative Medical to invest in
the China market and expand our growth potential in SDB, COPD and respiratory care in China.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Respiratory Care.     We are committed to ongoing innovation of our respiratory care products that serve the needs of
patients with COPD and neuromuscular diseases. With the addition of Inova Labs POCs and our  non-invasive  ventilator devices and masks and accessories, we intend to continue to expand and enhance our product
offerings in this area.  
      - 7 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   Increase Public and Clinical Awareness.     We continue to expand our existing promotional activities to increase awareness
of SDB, COPD and other clinical conditions that can be treated with our industry-leading solutions. These promotional activities target both the population predisposed to SDB and medical specialists, such as pulmonologists, sleep medicine
specialists, primary care physicians, cardiologists, neurologists and other medical subspecialists who treat these conditions and their associated comorbidities. In the last year we launched SleepScore Labs, a joint venture between ResMed,
Dr. Mehmet Oz and Pegasus Capital to help consumers better understand and improve their sleep. We also target special interest groups, including the National Stroke Association, the American Heart Association and the National Sleep Foundation,
to further increase awareness of the relationship between SDB or OSA, COPD, neuromuscular disease and  co-morbidities  such as cardiac disease, diabetes, hypertension and obesity. The programs also support our
efforts to inform the community of the dangers of sleep apnea with regard to occupational health and safety, especially in the transport industry. We have helped establish a center for clinical care and medical research at the University of
California at San Diego in the fields of sleep apnea and COPD and we established of perpetual academic chairs at the University of Sydney, called the ResMed Chair of Sleep Medicine for sleep-disordered breathing with a focus on chronic disease and
the ResMed Chair of Biomedical Engineering with an emphasis on  bio-informatics  research.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expand into New Clinical Applications.     We continually seek to identify new applications of our technology for significant
unmet medical needs. Studies have established a clinical association between OSA and both stroke and congestive heart failure, and have recognized SDB as a cause of hypertension or high blood pressure. Research also indicates that SDB is
independently associated with glucose intolerance and insulin resistance. In addition, we maintain close working relationships with a number of prominent physicians to explore new medical applications for our products and technology.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Leverage the Experience of our Management Team.      Our senior management team has extensive experience in the medical
device industry in general, and in the fields of SDB, respiratory care and healthcare informatics in particular. We intend to continue to leverage the experience and expertise of these individuals to maintain our innovative approach to the
development of products and solutions, and to increase awareness of the serious medical problems caused by SDB and the use of oxygen,  non-invasive  ventilation, and
 in-home  life support ventilation to treat COPD.      
 Products      
 Our portfolio of products includes devices, diagnostic products, mask systems, headgear and other accessories, dental devices, POCs and
cloud-based software informatics solutions. For purposes of the following discussion, we refer to our air flow generators, ventilators and oxygen concentrators collectively as devices.        Devices      
 We produce CPAP, VPAP and AutoSet systems for the titration and treatment of SDB. The devices deliver positive airway pressure through a
patient interface, either a small nasal mask, nasal pillows system, full-face mask or cannula. Our VPAP units deliver ultra-quiet, comfortable bilevel therapy. AutoSet systems are based on a proprietary technology to monitor breathing and can also
be used in the diagnosis, treatment and management of OSA.        We also acquired a line of Chinese-developed and manufactured sleep and ventilation devices with the acquisition of Curative Medical.  
      - 8 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During fiscal year 2017, we launched AirMini, the smallest portable CPAP on the market today
combining the same proven therapy modes used in the AirSense™ 10 with effective waterless humidification enabling portable convenience.      
 Devices in total accounted for approximately 56%, 58% and 58% of our net revenues in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
       The tables below provide a selection of products,
as known by our trademarks, which have been released during the last five years.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CPAP P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION  
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   AirSense 10 Elite 
    
 An advanced fixed-pressure therapy device with an integrated humidifier. It is designed to be intuitive and
 easy-to-use.  The device also features  built-in  wireless connectivity. 
    
 August 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirSense 10 CPAP 
    
   The AirSense 10 CPAP is a fixed-pressure therapy device. It also provides compliance, AHI and
leak data reporting. The device also features  built-in  wireless connectivity.     
    
 August 2014 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 VPAP P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   S9 VPAP  ST-A 
    
 Bilevel pressure support therapy device with pressures up to 30 cmH2O designed for comfort, effective therapy with the assurance of back up rate up to 50 bpm and alarms. The
device also has an optional integrated humidifier (H5i), ClimateLine heated tube and the small, lightweight SlimLine tube. 
    
 March 2013 
 
   
 
   
 
   S9 VPAP COPD 
    
 Bilevel pressure support up to pressure
30cmH 2 O with both fixed and adjustable alarms. This device
has been specifically designed for COPD. 
    
 April 2013 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirCurve 10 S 
    
 A bilevel device for patients who need extra pressure support or find it difficult to adjust to therapy on a fixed pressure continuous positive airway pressure device. Features  built-in  wireless connectivity and works seamlessly with ResMed’s AirView™ patient monitoring software. 
    
 December 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirCurve 10 V Auto 
    
 An auto-adjusting bilevel device for patients who need greater pressure support to treat their obstructive sleep apnea. Features  built-in  wireless connectivity and works seamlessly with ResMed’s AirView™ patient monitoring software. 
    
 December 2014 
      - 9 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 VPAP P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   AirCurve 10 ST 
    
 A bilevel device with backup rate that provides exceptional patient-ventilator synchrony, reducing the work of breathing so patients remain comfortable and well ventilated.
Features  built-in  wireless connectivity and works seamlessly with ResMed’s AirView™ patient monitoring software. 
    
 December 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirCurve 10 ASV 
    
 An adaptive servo-ventilator specifically designed to treat patients exhibiting central sleep apnea (CSA), mixed sleep apnea and periodic breathing, with or without obstructive
sleep apnea. The device also features  built-in  wireless connectivity. Features  built-in  wireless connectivity and works seamlessly with ResMed’s AirView™
patient monitoring software. 
    
 December 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirCurve 10 CS 
    
   An adaptive servo-ventilator specifically designed to treat patients exhibiting central sleep
apnea (CSA), mixed sleep apnea and periodic breathing, with or without obstructive sleep apnea. The device also features  built-in  wireless connectivity. Features
 built-in  wireless connectivity and works seamlessly with ResMed’s AirView™ patient monitoring software.     
    
 December 2014 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A UTOSET 
P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   AirSense 10 Auto 
    
 A premium auto-adjusting therapy device featuring AutoRamp™ with sleep onset detection, expiratory pressure relief (EPR™) and Easy-Breathe technology. The device also
features  built-in  wireless connectivity. 
    
 August 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirMini 
    
   The world’s smallest portable PAP device – this premium auto-adjusting therapy
device features the same proven therapy modes used in the AirSense™ 10 Auto, AirMini also features  built-in  Bluetooth connectivity and effective waterless humidification enabled by HumidX
technology.     
    
 May 2017 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 V ENTILATION 
P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   Astral 100 and 150 
    
 Pressure support and volume ventilator for invasive and  non-invasive  purposes so it can be used from the hospital to the home 
    
 May 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   Activox 
    
   Portable oxygen concentrator system     
    
 July 2014 
      - 10 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 V ENTILATION 
P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   Lumis 100 and 150 
    
 Pressure support  non-invasive  ventilators that support a variety of therapy modes,  built-in 
wireless connectivity, integrated humidification and intuitive simplicity. 
    
 April 2015 
 
   
 
   
 
   Lumis
 ST-A 
    
   Pressure support  non-invasive  ventilators that
support a variety of therapy modes,  built-in  wireless connectivity, integrated humidification and intuitive simplicity and a range of fixed and adjustable alarms. 
   
    
 October 2015 
       Mask Systems,
Diagnostic Products, Accessories and Other Products        Masks, diagnostic products and accessories together accounted for approximately 37%, 40% and 42% of our net revenues in fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
     Mask Systems and Diagnostic Products  
     Mask systems are one of the most important elements of SDB
treatment systems. Masks are a primary determinant of patient comfort and as such may drive or impede patient compliance with therapy. We have been a consistent innovator in masks, improving patient comfort while minimizing size and weight.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 M ASK 
P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   Quattro Air 
    
 Next Generation lightweight Full Face Mask with improved comfort 
    
 June 2013 
 
   
 
   
 
   Swift FX Nano 
    
 A compact nasal mask designed to deliver an excellent user experience, without compromising on fit, comfort and ease of use. 
    
 June 2013 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirFit P10 
    
 A compact, lightweight nasal pillows system that has only three parts, including a new soft and stable QuickFit™ headgear. 
    
 January 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirFit F10 
    
 A compact, lightweight full-face mask that delivers comfort, stability, and performance in a simple and elegant design. 
    
 April 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirFit N10 
    
 A compact nasal mask that stands out with its comfort and visual freedom in a user-friendly design. 
    
 April 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   AcuCare HFNC 
    
 The AcuCare high flow nasal cannula (HFNC) for high flow oxygen therapy. 
    
 August 2015 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirFit F20 
    
   A compact full-face mask that features an InfinitySeal silicone cushion that adapts to the
unique facial contours of each patient to increase comfort, improve fit and reduce leakage.     
    
 November 2016 
      - 11 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 M ASK 
P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   AirFit N20 
    
 A compact nasal mask that features an InfinitySeal silicone cushion that adapts to the unique facial contours of each patient to increase comfort, improve fit and reduce
leakage. 
    
 November 2016 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirTouch F20 
    
   A compact full-face mask that features a permeable foam cushion, which creates a uniquely
natural, breathable seal that allows some excess heat and sweat to escape through the cushion without compromising therapy pressure. Modular frame design allows convenient interchangeability with AirFit™ 20 InfinitySeal™
cushion.     
    
 May 2017 
       We market sleep
recorders for the diagnosis and titration of SDB in sleep clinics and hospitals. These diagnostic systems record relevant respiratory and sleep data, which can be analyzed by a sleep specialist or physician who can then tailor an appropriate OSA
treatment regimen for the patient.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 D IAGNOSTIC 
P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   Apnealink Air 
    
   A portable diagnostic device which measures oximetry, respiratory effort, pulse, nasal flow
and snoring. Works with EasyCare Online to provide comprehensive diagnostic solution to clinicians.     
    
 December 2013 
       Accessories and
Other Products        To enhance patient comfort,
convenience and compliance, we market a variety of other products and accessories. These products include humidifiers, helping to prevent the drying of nasal passages that can cause discomfort, carry bags and breathing circuits. To assist those
professionals diagnosing or managing the treatment of patients there are data communications and control products such as EasyCare, ResLink, ResControl, ResControl II, TxControl, ResScan and ResTraxx modules. With the introduction of our latest
solutions we are expanding our use of cloud-based patient management and engagement platforms such as AirView enabling remote monitoring,  over-the-air  trouble shooting
and changing of device settings,  U-Sleep  enabling automated patient coaching through a text, email or interactive voice phone call and myAir, a patient engagement application that provides sleep data and a
daily score based on their previous night’s data. Due to the acquisition of Brightree LLC in April 2016, our operations now include the supply of business management software and services to medical equipment and home health providers.
Brightree revenue accounted for approximately 7% of our net revenue in fiscal year 2017.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 D ATA  /
P ATIENT M ANAGEMENT  P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   EasyCare 
    
   ResMed’s compliance management solution offering both wireless and  card-to-cloud  functionality, providing access to patient data anywhere with an internet connection. Intuitive user interface, easy to understand reports and automated
compliance notification.     
    
 April 2012 
      - 12 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 D ATA  /
P ATIENT M ANAGEMENT  P RODUCTS 
    
 D ESCRIPTION 
    
 I NTRODUCTION 
D ATE 


 
   
 
   
 
   U-Sleep 
    
 A flexible compliance solution that monitors CPAP device usage and helps HMEs manage their patients during their initial acclimatization and ongoing therapy. 
    
 August 2012 
 
   
 
   
 
   AirView 
    
 AirView is a seamless, cloud-based system enabling remote monitoring and changing of patients’ device settings. AirView also makes it easier to simplify workflows and
collaborate more efficiently across the patient’s care network. 
    
 August 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   myAir 
    
 A personalized therapy management application for patients with sleep-disordered breathing providing support, education and troubleshooting tools for increased patient engagement
and improved compliance. 
    
 October 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   S+ 
    
 A personalized sleep solution that uses patented  bio-motion  sensors, designed to measure an individual’s sleep stages and
environment, and deliver personalized feedback that helps improve sleep. 
    
 October 2014 
 
   
 
   
 
   Brightree Solutions 
    
 Cloud-based software designed to improve clinical and business performance in the HME, home health, hospice, orthotic and prosthetic, HME pharmacy, home infusion and
rehabilitation home care segments. Brightree’s solutions follow the natural workflow of providers to automate and improve how they manage their business and serve patients. 
    
 April 2016 
 
   
 
   
 
   Connectivity Module 

    
   ResMed Connectivity Module (RCM) provides cellular connection between a compatible ResMed
ventilation device and the ResMed AirView™ system.     
    
 May 2016 
       Product Development
and Clinical Trials        We have a strong track
record of innovation in the sleep market. In 1989, we introduced our first CPAP device. Since then we have been committed to an ongoing program of product advancement and development. Currently, our product development efforts are focused on not
only improving our current product offerings, but also expanding into new product applications.  
      - 13 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We continually seek to identify new applications of our technology for significant unmet
medical needs. SDB is associated with a number of symptoms beyond excessive daytime sleepiness and irritability. Studies have established a clinical association between SDB and hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure and diabetes. We support
clinical trials in many countries including the United States, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Switzerland, China and Australia to develop new clinical applications for our technology. We have also begun presenting and publishing
research findings based on the industry-leading connectivity platform and data assets that are unique to ResMed. In fiscal years 2016 and 2017, ResMed supported some of the largest SDB studies in history by performing advanced statistical analyses
on hundreds of thousands of clinical data points.      
 We consult with physicians at major medical centers throughout the world to identify clinical and technological trends in the treatment of
SDB, COPD and the other conditions associated with these diseases. New product ideas are also identified by our marketing staff, direct sales force and network of distributors, customers, clinicians and patients.  
     In fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 we invested
$144.5 million, $118.7 million and $114.9 million, respectively, on research and development.      
 Sales and Marketing      
 We currently market our products in more than 120 countries through a network of distributors and our direct sales force. We attempt to
tailor our marketing approach to each national market, based on regional awareness of SDB as a health problem, physician referral patterns, consumer preferences and local reimbursement policies. See Note 15 – Segment Information of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8) for financial information about our geographic areas.      
 North America and Latin America.     Our products are typically purchased by a home healthcare dealer who then
sells the products to the patient. The decision to purchase our products, as opposed to those of our competitors, is made or influenced by one or more of the following individuals or organizations: the prescribing physician and his or her staff; the
home healthcare dealer; the insurer and the patient. In North and Latin America, our sales and marketing activities are conducted through a field sales organization made up of regional territory representatives, program development specialists and
regional sales directors. Our field sales organization markets and sells products to home healthcare dealer branch locations throughout North and Latin America.      
 We also market our products directly to physicians and sleep clinics. Patients who are diagnosed with OSA or another respiratory condition
and prescribed our products are typically referred by the diagnosing physician or sleep clinic to a home healthcare dealer to fill the prescription. The home healthcare dealer, in consultation with the referring physician, will assist the patient in
selecting the equipment, fit the patient with the appropriate mask and set the device pressure to the prescribed level.      
 Sales in North and Latin America accounted for 63%, 61% and 57% of our net revenues for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively.
       Europe.     We market
our products in most major European countries. We have wholly-owned subsidiaries in Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. We use independent
distributors to sell our products in other areas of Europe. Distributors are selected in each country based on their knowledge of respiratory medicine and a commitment to SDB therapy. In each country in which we sell our products direct, a local
senior manager is responsible for direct national sales. In many countries in Europe, we sell our products to home healthcare dealers or hospitals who then sell the products to the patients. In Germany, we also operate a home healthcare company, in
which we provide products and services directly to patients, and receive reimbursement directly from third-party payors.  
      - 14 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Sales in Europe accounted for 26%, 29% and 32% of our total net revenues for fiscal years
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.        Asia
Pacific.     We have wholly-owned subsidiaries in Australia, China, India, Japan, Korea, New Zealand, and Taiwan. We use a combination of our direct sales force and independent distributors to sell our products in Asia
Pacific. In Australia and New Zealand, we operate a home healthcare business and sell our products and services directly to patients.      
 Sales in Asia Pacific accounted for 11%, 10% and 11% of our total net revenues for the fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
       Market Growth Opportunities  
     We view the future of our business in sleep and respiratory
disorders as having three horizons of growth supported by three key foundations.        Our three key foundations reach across all three of our horizons and include: first, our focus on people, leadership and culture; second, our global leadership in digital health and connected care, an
important advancement in our product and solution offerings; and third, our focus on operating excellence and high efficiency to leverage our global scale.      
 As we execute each horizon in our strategy, we will continue to expand into high growth geographic areas, including China, India, Eastern
Europe, Brazil and Southeast Asia.        The first
horizon includes our existing market in OSA treatment, where we believe our leadership in digital health and connected care is becoming an important distinguishing factor from our competitors. The use of technologies that allow remote collection and
transfer of information through cloud-based computing is changing the current clinical pathways for following up with patients who use our devices, which we believe provides an opportunity to improve patient care and create efficiencies for
customers and providers. We plan to continue to invest and expand our capabilities in this area.        The second horizon includes the use of connected devices for the treatment of respiratory failure both in the hospital and the home. We believe that COPD is a large and underpenetrated market where there
are unmet patient needs as the global population with COPD continues to expand due to smoking and poor air quality. Some patients with later-stage COPD may benefit from the use of ventilation at night, but until recently only a small number of COPD
patients were treated using ventilation on a long-term basis. A study published in 2014 found that patients with stable but severe COPD using  non-invasive  ventilation nightly for six months experienced a
reduction in mortality and an improvement in quality of life and exercise capacity. The findings from this study and our associated marketing activities may result in an increase in the size of the homecare market for NIV. Additionally, the use of
NIV is becoming routine in many acute care hospitals, as guidelines stipulate its use in acute exacerbations and familiarity with the techniques involved increases. In 2016, we expanded our product portfolio for the treatment of COPD with our
acquisition of Inova Labs, a company that designs and manufactures POCs. Many patients in earlier stages of COPD may require oxygen therapy and through the use of NIV and POC products they can receive this treatment in the home.  
     Our third horizon focuses on a portfolio of new market
options including sleep and consumer wellness, connected care expansion to continue to drive efficiency within the healthcare ecosystem and clinical areas of interest in adjacent markets like atrial fibrillation, heart failure and asthma.
 
      - 15 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We continue to approach this horizon by building a pipeline of growth options focusing on
technology disruption of healthcare that will lead to value creation opportunities. We continue working with key opinion leaders in pulmonology, cardiology, neurology, and related clinical areas. A growing body of literature documents the
association and interactions between a number of cardiac diseases and SDB. OSA is the most common secondary cause of hypertension and is prevalent in hypertensive populations, particularly those resistant to therapy. Treatment with CPAP tends to
lower blood pressure. OSA is prevalent in those with atrial fibrillation and may trigger episodes of fibrillation. Treatment with CPAP appears to improve outcomes. OSA is also known to be a strong risk factor for the development of acute coronary
disease and cardiovascular disease in general. Heart failure is also commonly associated with both OSA and CSA, and both forms of SDB are risk factors for poor outcomes. We are undertaking several clinical trials in cardiology to strengthen the
knowledge base on the effects of SDB therapy on outcomes. In addition to clinical trials we pursue suitable opportunities with professional and healthcare associations to raise awareness of the importance of SDB in cardiology patients.  
     We are also working with occupational health professionals to
raise awareness of the issues caused by untreated OSA in the workplace including accidents, absenteeism and reduced productivity, plus increased costs for employers who provide healthcare coverage for employees.  
     We continue to provide research funding in these strategic
areas while at the same time providing educational support to physicians working within these various specialties. We believe that the increasing awareness among physicians supports the efforts and investment we are making in new markets.
       Manufacturing  
     Our manufacturing operations consist primarily of assembly
and testing of our devices, masks and accessories. Of the numerous raw materials, parts and components purchased for assembly of our therapeutic and diagnostic sleep disorder products, most are  off-the-shelf  items available from multiple vendors. We also purchase uniquely configured components from various suppliers, including some who are single-source suppliers for us. Any reduction or halt in
supply from one of these single-source suppliers could limit our ability to manufacture our products or devices until a replacement supplier is found and qualified. We generally manufacture to our internal sales forecasts and fill orders as
received. Over the last few years, the manufacturing processes have been transformed along lean manufacturing guidelines to flow lines staffed by dedicated teams. Each team is responsible for the manufacture and quality of their product group and
decisions are based on performance and quality measures, including customer feedback.        Our quality management system is based upon the requirements of ISO 9001, ISO 13485, FDA Quality System Regulations for Medical Devices, the Medical Device Directive (93/42/EEC) and other applicable
regulations for the markets in which we sell. Our main manufacturing sites are certified to ISO 13485. Additionally, our Sydney, Loyang and Atlanta sites obtained Medical Device Single Audit Program or MDSAP, certifications which involve a single
regulatory audit of medical device manufacturers’ quality management system to satisfy multiple regulatory requirements, including FDA, TGA, ANVISA, Health Canada and Japan. These sites are subject to third-party audits, conducted by the ISO
notified bodies and MDSAP Auditing Organizations, at regular intervals.       Our main manufacturing facilities are located in Sydney, Australia; Loyang, Singapore; Chatsworth, California; Johor Bahru, Malaysia; Atlanta, Georgia. Refer to Item 2 for additional details on these
properties.  
      - 16 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Third-Party Coverage and Reimbursement  
     The cost of medical care in many of the countries in which
we operate is funded in substantial part by government and private insurance programs. In Germany, we receive payments directly from these payors. Outside Germany, although we do not generally receive payments for our products directly from these
payors, our success in major markets depends on the ability of patients to obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors for our products.      
 In the United States, our products are purchased primarily by home healthcare dealers, hospitals or sleep clinics, who invoice third-party
payors directly for reimbursement. Domestic third-party payors include government payors such as Medicare and Medicaid and commercial health insurance plans. These payors may deny coverage and reimbursement if they determine that a device is not
used in accordance with certain covered treatment methods, or is experimental, unnecessary or inappropriate. The long-term trend towards cost-containment, through managed healthcare, or other legislative proposals to reform healthcare, could control
or significantly influence the purchase of healthcare services and products and could result in lower prices for our products. In some foreign markets, such as France, Germany and Japan, government reimbursement is currently available for purchase
or rental of our products, subject to constraints such as price controls or unit sales limitations. In Australia, China, and in some other foreign markets, there is currently limited or no reimbursement for devices that treat OSA.  
     The past decade of legislative reform in
the United States, including, by way of example, the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA), Medicare Improvement for Patients and Providers Act of
2008, Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or the MMA, and the 21 st  Century Cures Act has significantly impacted government reimbursement for products that we provide. The longer term
impact, though not entirely predictable, continues to bring significant changes to the third-party payor landscape.      
 Beginning in 2005, the MMA established a Medicare competitive acquisition program for home medical equipment, or HME, and imposed quality
standards and accreditation requirements for HME suppliers. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, implemented the competitive bidding program beginning in 2011, and included HME that we manufacture and develop, specifically,
oxygen CPAP and respiratory assist devices, and related supplies and accessories. CMS is required by law to recompete these contracts at least once every three years. In addition, the ACA required CMS to roll out the competitive bidding process
nationally or adjust prices in  non-competitive  bidding areas, also known as the  non-bid  or Round 3 areas, to match competitive bidding prices by 2016. CMS phased in the
new rates beginning January 1, 2016, and the rates became fully effective July 1, 2016. As a result of the national rollout, Medicare payment for CPAP devices in  non-competitive  bidding areas was
reduced by approximately 60% in urban areas and approximately 56% in rural areas, as compared to the Medicare payment rates that were effective in 2015. The implementation of the competitive acquisition program has resulted in reduced Medicare
payment for oxygen CPAP and respiratory assist devices, and related supplies and accessories in both competitive bidding areas and  non-competitive  bidding areas.  
     On December 13, 2016, the 21 st  Century Cures Act was signed into law, which retroactively adjusted
rates in  non-bid  areas to allow for higher  phase-in  rates to be paid for items furnished between July 1, 2016 and December 31, 2016, rather than the lower
fully-adjusted rates. These payment adjustments are expected to be completed by October 2017.  
      - 17 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The ACA, which was passed both to expand the number of individuals with healthcare coverage
and to develop additional revenue sources, also included, among other things, a deductible excise tax equal to 2.3% of the price for which medical devices are sold in the United States on any entity that manufactures or imports medical devices, with
limited exceptions, beginning in 2013. However, this excise tax was subsequently suspended by the U.S. Congress for medical device sales during calendar years 2016 and 2017. If this excise tax had not been suspended it would be applicable to our
products that are primarily used in hospitals and sleep labs, which includes the ApneaLink Air, VPAP Tx, certain respiratory care and dental sleep products. Absent further Congressional action, this excise tax will be reinstated for medical device
sales beginning January 1, 2018. The ACA also provided for a number of Medicare regulatory requirements, including new  face-to-face  encounter requirements for
durable medical equipment and home health services.      
 We cannot predict at this time the full impact that the ACA, or any U.S. legislation enacted in the future, will have on our revenues,
profit margins, profitability, operating cash flows and results of operations. The administration and the U.S. Congress may take further action regarding the ACA, including, but not limited to, repeal or replacement. Additionally, all or a portion
of the ACA and related subsequent legislation may be modified, repealed or otherwise invalidated through judicial challenge.      
 Service and Warranty      
 We generally offer either  one-year  or  two-year  limited
warranties on our devices. Warranties on mask systems are for 90 days. Our distributors either repair our products with parts supplied by us or arrange shipment of products to our facilities for repair or replacement.  
     We receive returns of our products from the field for various
reasons. We believe that the level of returns experienced to date is consistent with levels typically experienced by manufacturers of similar devices. We provide for warranties and returns based on historical data.  
     Competition  
     The markets for our products are highly competitive. We
believe that the principal competitive factors in all of our markets are product features, value-added solutions, reliability and price. Customer support, reputation and efficient distribution are also important factors.  
     We compete on a  market-by-market  basis with various companies, some of which have greater financial, research, manufacturing and marketing resources than us. Our primary competitors include Philips BV; Fisher &
Paykel Healthcare Corporation Limited; DeVilbiss Healthcare; Apex Medical Corporation; BMC Medical Co. Ltd.; and regional manufacturers. The disparity between our resources and those of our competitors may increase as a result of the trend towards
consolidation in the healthcare industry. In addition, some of our competitors, such as Löwenstein Medical GmbH + Co. KG, are affiliates of customers of ours, which may make it difficult to compete with them. Finally, our products compete with
surgical procedures and dental appliances designed to treat OSA and other  SDB-related  respiratory conditions. The development of new or innovative procedures or devices by others could result in our products
becoming obsolete or noncompetitive, which would harm our revenues and financial condition.        Any product developed by us that gains regulatory clearance will have to compete for market acceptance and market share. An important factor in such competition may be the timing of market introduction of
competitive products. Accordingly, the speed with which we can develop products, complete clinical testing and regulatory clearance processes and supply commercial quantities of the product to the market are important competitive factors. In
addition, our ability to compete will continue to be dependent on successfully protecting our patents and other intellectual property.  
      - 18 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Patents and Proprietary Rights and Related Litigation  
     We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets,
copyrights, trademarks and  non-disclosure  agreements to protect our proprietary technology and rights.      
 Through our various subsidiaries, as of the date of this annual report, we own or have licensed rights to approximately 1,127 issued
United States patents (including approximately 430 design patents) and approximately 2,083 issued foreign patents. In addition, there are approximately 468 pending United States patent applications (including approximately 44design patent
applications), approximately 952 pending foreign patent applications, approximately 983 registered foreign designs and 50 pending foreign designs. Some of these patents, patent applications and designs relate to significant aspects and features of
our products.        Of our patents, 222 United States
patents and 483 foreign patents are due to expire in the next five years. There are 99 foreign patents due to expire in 2018, 46 in 2019, 134 in 2020, 75 in 2021, and 129 in 2022. There are 54 United States patents due to expire in 2018, 17 United
States patents in 2019, 72 United States patents in 2020, 33 United States patents in 2021, and 46 United States patents in 2022. We believe that the expiration of these patents will not have a material adverse impact on our competitive position.
       Litigation has been necessary in the past and may
be necessary in the future to enforce patents issued to us, to protect our rights, or to defend third-party claims of infringement by us of the proprietary rights of others. The defense and prosecution of patent claims, including pending claims, as
well as participation in other inter-party proceedings, can be expensive and time-consuming, even in those instances in which the outcome is favorable to us. Patent laws regarding the enforceability of patents vary from country to country.
Therefore, there can be no assurance that patent issues will be uniformly resolved, or that local laws will provide us with consistent rights and benefits.      
 Government Regulations      
 FDA      
 Our products are subject to extensive regulation particularly as to safety, efficacy and adherence to FDA Quality System Regulation, and
related manufacturing standards. Medical device products are subject to rigorous FDA and other governmental agency regulations in the United States and similar regulations of foreign agencies abroad. The FDA regulates the design, development,
research, preclinical and clinical testing, introduction, manufacture, advertising, labeling, packaging, marketing, distribution, import and export, and record keeping for such products, in order to ensure that medical products distributed in the
United States are safe and effective for their intended use. In addition, the FDA is authorized to establish special controls to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of most devices.
 Non-compliance  with applicable requirements can result in import detentions, fines, civil and administrative penalties, injunctions, suspensions or losses of regulatory approvals, recall or seizure of
products, operating restrictions, refusal of the government to approve product export applications or allow us to enter into supply contracts, and criminal prosecution.  
     Unless an exemption applies, the FDA requires that a
manufacturer introducing a new medical device or a new indication for use of an existing medical device obtain either a Section 510(k) premarket notification clearance or a premarket approval, or PMA, before introducing it into the U.S. market.
The type of marketing authorization is generally linked to the classification of the device. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes (Class I, II or III) based on the degree of risk the FDA determines to be associated with a
device and the level of regulatory control deemed necessary to ensure the device’s safety and effectiveness.  
      - 19 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our products currently marketed in the United States are marketed pursuant to 510(k)  pre-marketing  clearances and are either Class I or Class II devices. The process of obtaining a Section 510(k) clearance generally requires the submission of performance data and often clinical data,
which in some cases can be extensive, to demonstrate that the device is “substantially equivalent” to a device that was on the market before 1976 or to a device that has been found by the FDA to be “substantially equivalent” to
such a  pre-1976  device, a predecessor device is referred to as “predicate device.” As a result, FDA clearance requirements may extend the development process for a considerable length of time. In
addition, in some cases, the FDA may require additional review by an advisory panel, which can further lengthen the process. The PMA process, which is reserved for new devices that are not substantially equivalent to any predicate device and for
high-risk devices or those that are used to support or sustain human life, may take several years and requires the submission of extensive performance and clinical information.  
     Medical devices can be marketed only for the indications for
which they are cleared or approved. After a device has received 510(k) clearance for a specific intended use, any change or modification that significantly affects its safety or effectiveness, such as a significant change in the design, materials,
method of manufacture or intended use, may require a new 510(k) clearance or PMA approval and payment of an FDA user fee. The determination as to whether or not a modification could significantly affect the device’s safety or effectiveness is
initially left to the manufacturer using available FDA guidance; however, the FDA may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the
modified device until 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained. The manufacturer may also be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. The FDA recently reviewed its guidance describing when it believes a manufacturer is obligated to
submit a new 510(k) for modifications or changes to a previously cleared device and determined that manufacturers should continue adhering to the 1997 guidance on this topic. In August 2016, the FDA issued draft guidance that it believes preserves
the basic content and format of the 1997 guidance, with updates to add clarity.        Any devices we manufacture and distribute pursuant to clearance or approval by the FDA are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state agencies. These include product
listing and establishment registration requirements, which help facilitate FDA inspections and other regulatory actions. As a medical device manufacturer, all of our manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection on a routine basis by the FDA.
We are required to adhere to applicable regulations setting forth detailed cGMP requirements, as set forth in the QSR, which require, manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and
other quality assurance procedures during all phases of the design and manufacturing process. Noncompliance with these standards can result in, among other things, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls or seizures of products, total or
partial suspension of production, refusal of the government to grant 510(k) clearance or PMA approval of devices, withdrawal of marketing approvals and criminal prosecutions. We believe that our design, manufacturing and quality control procedures
are in compliance with the FDA’s regulatory requirements.        We must also comply with post-market surveillance regulations, including medical device reporting, or MDR, requirements which require that we review and report to the FDA any incident in which our
products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur.
 
      - 20 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain
circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA may not be promoted for unapproved or uncleared uses, otherwise known as  “off-label”  promotion. The FDA
and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of  off-label  uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted
 off-label  uses may be subject to significant liability, including substantial monetary penalties and criminal prosecution.  
     Sales of medical devices outside the United States are
subject to regulatory requirements that vary widely from country to country.        EEA        In the European Economic Area, (which is comprised of the 28 Member States of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein), or EEA, manufacturers of medical devices need to comply with the
Essential Requirements laid out in Annex I to the EU Medical Devices Directive (Council Directive 93/42/EEC). Compliance with these requirements is a prerequisite to be able to affix the CE mark to medical devices, without which they cannot be
marketed or sold in the EEA. To demonstrate compliance with the Essential Requirements and obtain the right to affix the CE Mark, manufacturers of medical devices must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of
medical device and its classification. Except for  low-risk  medical devices (Class I with no measuring function and which are not sterile), where the manufacturer can issue an EC Declaration of Conformity
based on a self-assessment of the conformity of its products with the Essential Requirements, a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of a Notified Body, which is an organization designated by a competent authority of an EEA
country to conduct conformity assessments. Depending on the relevant conformity assessment procedure, the Notified Body would audit and examine the Technical File and the quality system for the manufacture, design and final inspection of the
devices. The Notified Body issues a CE Certificate of Conformity following successful completion of a conformity assessment procedure conducted in relation to the medical device and its manufacturer and their conformity with the Essential
Requirements. This Certificate entitles the manufacturer to affix the CE mark to its medical devices after having prepared and signed a related EC Declaration of Conformity.  
     Where appropriate, our products commercialized in Europe are
CE marked and classified as either Class I or Class II.        On April 5, 2017, the European Parliament passed the Medical Devices Regulation, which repeals and replaces the EU Medical Devices Directive. Unlike directives, which must be implemented into the
national laws of the EEA member States, the regulations would be directly applicable ( i.e. , without the need for adoption of EEA member State laws implementing them) in all EEA member States and are intended to eliminate current differences
in the regulation of medical devices among EEA member States. The Medical Devices Regulation, among other things, is intended to establish a uniform, transparent, predictable and sustainable regulatory framework across the EEA for medical devices
and in vitro diagnostic devices and ensure a high level of safety and health while supporting innovation.      
 The Medical Devices Regulation will however only become applicable three years after publication. Once applicable, the new regulations
will among other things:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   strengthen the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforce surveillance once they are available;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   establish explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities for the  follow-up  of the quality,
performance and safety of devices placed on the market;  
      - 21 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   improve the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the  end-user  or patient through a
unique identification number;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   set up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals and the public with comprehensive information on products available in the EU;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   strengthened rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to undergo an additional check by experts before
they are placed on the market.      
 These modifications may have an impact on the way we design and manufacture products and the way we conduct our business in the EEA.
       Other regulatory bodies  
     Our devices are sold in multiple countries and often need to
be registered with local regulatory bodies such as the Therapeutic Goods Administration in Australia, and Health Canada in Canada.      
 Other Healthcare Laws      
 Even though we do not submit claims or bill governmental programs and other third-party payers directly for reimbursement for our products
sold in the United States, we are still subject to a number of laws and regulations that may restrict our business practices, including, without limitation, anti-kickback, false claims, physician payment transparency and data privacy and security
laws. The government has interpreted these laws broadly to apply to the marketing and sales activities of manufacturers and distributors like us.      
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving,
offering or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service for which
payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or
fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act.        The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval to the
federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes “any request or demand” for money or property
presented to the U.S. government. The civil False Claims Act also applies to false submissions that cause the government to be paid less than the amount to which it is entitled, such as a rebate. Intent to deceive is not required to establish
liability under the civil False Claims Act. Private suits filed under the civil False Claims Act, known as  qui tam  actions, can be brought by individuals on behalf of the government. These individuals may share in any amounts paid by the
entity to the government in fines or settlement.      
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, created federal criminal statutes that prohibit among
other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program,
willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the
delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them in order to have committed a violation.
 
      - 22 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Also, many U.S. states and countries outside the U.S. have similar fraud and abuse statutes
or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under government programs.      
 Under HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, which we
collectively refer to as HIPAA, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, has issued regulations, including the HIPAA Privacy, Security and Breach Notification Rules, to protect the privacy and security of protected health information, or
PHI, used or disclosed by covered entities including health care providers and their business associates. HIPAA also regulates standardization of data content, codes and formats used in health care transactions and standardization of identifiers for
health plans and providers. Penalties for violations of HIPAA regulations include civil and criminal penalties. In addition to federal privacy and security regulations, there are a number of state laws governing confidentiality and security of
health information that are applicable to our business. New laws governing privacy may be adopted in the future as well. Failure to comply with privacy requirements could result in civil or criminal penalties, which could have a materially adverse
effect on our business.        In some of our
operations, such as those involving our cloud-based software digital health applications, we are a business associate under HIPAA and therefore required to comply with the HIPAA Security Rule, Breach Notification Rule and certain provisions of the
HIPAA Privacy Rule, and are subject to significant civil and criminal penalties for failure to do so.      
 In addition, we are subject to laws and regulations in  non-U.S.  countries covering data privacy
and the protection of health-related and other personal information. EU member states and other jurisdictions have adopted data protection laws and regulations, which impose significant compliance obligations. In particular, the new  EU-wide  General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, entered into force in May 2016 and will become applicable on May 25, 2018, replacing the current data protection laws of each EU member state. The GDPR will
implement more stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of personal data, including, for example, expanded disclosures about how personal information is to be used, limitations on retention of information, increased
requirements pertaining to health data and pseudonymized ( i.e. ,  key-coded)  data, mandatory data breach notification requirements and higher standards for data controllers to demonstrate that they have
obtained valid consent for certain data processing activities. The GDPR provides that EU member states may make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of genetic, biometric or health data, which could limit our ability to use
and share personal data or could cause our costs could increase, and harm our business and financial condition.      
 Numerous other state, federal and foreign laws, including consumer protection laws and regulations, govern the collection, dissemination,
use, access to, confidentiality and security of patient health information. In addition, Congress and some states are considering new laws and regulations that further protect the privacy and security of medical records or medical information. With
the recent increase in publicity regarding data breaches resulting in improper dissemination of consumer information, many states have passed laws regulating the actions that a business must take if it experiences a data breach, such as prompt
disclosure to affected customers. Generally, these laws are limited to electronic data and make some exemptions for smaller breaches. Congress has also been considering similar federal legislation relating to data breaches. The Federal Trade
Commission, or FTC, and states’ Attorneys General have also brought enforcement actions and prosecuted some data breach cases as unfair and/or deceptive acts or practices under the FTC Act. In addition to data breach notification laws, some
states have enacted statutes and rules requiring businesses to reasonably protect certain types of personal information they hold or to otherwise comply with certain specified data security requirements for personal information. These laws may apply
directly to our business or indirectly by contract when we provide services to other companies. We intend to continue to comprehensively protect all personal information and to comply with all applicable laws regarding the protection of such
information.  
      - 23 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Additionally, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of
payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals or entities. The Physician Payment Sunshine Act was enacted as part of the ACA, and imposed new annual reporting requirements on device manufacturers for payments and other
transfers of value provided by them, directly or indirectly, to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their family members. A manufacturer’s failure to submit timely, accurately
and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests may result in civil monetary penalties. Certain states also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs, impose
restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to healthcare professionals and entities.        The shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with
different compliance or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the
health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including potentially significant criminal and civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from
participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our
ability to operate our business and our results of operations.        Employees        As of June 30, 2017, we had approximately 6,080 employees or full-time consultants, of which approximately 2,300 were employed in warehousing and manufacturing, 880 in research and development and
2,900 in sales, marketing and administration. Of our employees and consultants, approximately 1,810 were located in North and Latin America, 1,600 in Australia, 1,335 in Europe and 1,335 in Asia.  
     We believe that the success of our business will depend, in
part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel.      
 
 
 I TEM  1A 
 R ISK  F ACTORS       
 Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the
other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere, and the other information contained, in this Report and in our other filings with the SEC, including our subsequent reports on  Forms 10-Q   and 8-K.  The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our
business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs with material adverse effects on us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market price for our
common stock will likely decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.  
      - 24 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our inability to compete successfully in our markets may harm our
business.     The markets for our SDB products are highly competitive and are characterized by frequent product improvements and evolving technology. Our ability to compete successfully depends, in part, on our ability to
develop, manufacture and market innovative new products. The development of innovative new products by our competitors or the discovery of alternative treatments or potential cures for the conditions that our products treat could make our products
noncompetitive or obsolete. Current competitors, new entrants, academics, and others are trying to develop new devices, alternative treatments or cures, and pharmaceutical solutions to the conditions our products treat.  
     Additionally, some of our competitors have greater financial,
research and development, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. The past several years have seen a trend towards consolidation in the healthcare industry and in the markets for our products. Industry consolidation could result in greater
competition if our competitors combine their resources, if our competitors are acquired by other companies with greater resources than ours, or if our competitors become affiliated with customers of ours. This competition could increase pressure on
us to reduce the selling prices of our products or could cause us to increase our spending on research and development and sales and marketing. If we are unable to develop innovative new products, maintain competitive pricing, and offer products
that consumers perceive to be as good as those of our competitors, our sales or gross margins could decrease which would harm our business.      
 Our business depends on our ability to market effectively to dealers of home healthcare products and sleep
clinics.     We market our products primarily to home healthcare dealers and to sleep clinics that diagnose OSA and other sleep disorders, as well as to  non-sleep  specialist physician
practices that diagnose and treat sleep disorders. We believe that these groups play a significant role in determining which brand of product a patient will use. The success of our business depends on our ability to market effectively to these
groups to ensure that our products are properly marketed and sold by these third-parties.        We have limited resources to market to the sleep clinics, home healthcare dealer branch locations and to the  non-sleep  specialists, most of whom use, sell or
recommend several brands of products. In addition, home healthcare dealers have experienced price pressures as government and third-party reimbursement has declined for home healthcare products, and home healthcare dealers are requiring price
discounts and longer periods of time to pay for products purchased from us. We cannot assure you that physicians will continue to prescribe our products, or that home healthcare dealers or patients will not substitute competing products when a
prescription specifying our products has been written.        We have expanded our marketing activities in some markets to target the population with a predisposition to sleep-disordered breathing as well as primary care physicians and various medical specialists.
We cannot assure you that these marketing efforts will be successful in increasing awareness or sales of our products.      
 Consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of
operations .    Many home health care dealers are consolidating which may result in greater concentration of market power. As the health care industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry
participants may become more intense. These industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price concessions or reductions for medical devices and components produced by us. If we are forced to reduce our prices because of
consolidation in the health care industry, our revenues may decrease and our consolidated earnings, financial condition, and/or cash flows may suffer.  
      - 25 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  If we are unable to support our continued growth, our business could
suffer.     As we continue to grow, the complexity of our operations increases, placing greater demands on our management. Our ability to manage our growth effectively depends on our ability to implement and improve our
financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to effect other changes in our business including, the ability to monitor and improve manufacturing systems, information technology, and quality and regulatory compliance systems,
among others. Unexpected difficulties during expansion, the failure to attract and retain qualified employees, the failure to successfully replace or upgrade our management information systems, the failure to manage costs or our inability to respond
effectively to growth or plan for future expansion could cause our growth to stop. If we fail to manage our growth effectively and efficiently, our costs could increase faster than our revenues and our business results could suffer.  
     If we fail to integrate our recent acquisitions with our
operations, our business could suffer.     In fiscal 2016 we completed a number of acquisitions, including among others, the acquisition of Brightree, Curative Medical and Inova Labs. The success of these acquisitions, as well
as our other recent acquisitions, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate the business and operations of the acquired companies and fully realize the anticipated benefits from such acquisitions. Additionally, our management
may have their attention diverted while trying to integrate these businesses. If we are not able to successfully integrate the operations, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions fully or at all, or may take longer to realize
than expected.        We are subject to various risks
relating to international activities that could affect our overall profitability.     We manufacture substantially all of our products outside the United States and sell a significant portion of our products in  non-U.S.  markets. Sales outside North and Latin America accounted for approximately 37% and 39% of our net revenues in the years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 respectively. We expect that sales
within these areas will account for approximately 35% to 40% of our net revenues in the foreseeable future. Our sales and operations outside of the U.S. are subject to several difficulties and risks that are separate and distinct from those we face
in the U.S., including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   tariffs and other trade barriers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   compliance with foreign medical device manufacturing regulations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulty in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reduction in third-party payor reimbursement for our products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   inability to obtain import licenses;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in trade policies and in U.S. and foreign tax policies;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   possible changes in export or import restrictions; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the modification or introduction of other governmental policies with potentially adverse effects.     
     Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect
on our ability to increase or maintain our  non-U.S  sales.  
      - 26 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Government and private insurance plans may not adequately reimburse our customers for our
products, which could result in reductions in sales or selling prices for our products.     Our ability to sell our products depends in large part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for our products will be
available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. These third-party payers are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and can, without notice, deny
coverage for our products or treatments that may include the use of our products. Therefore, even if a product is approved for marketing, we cannot make assurances that coverage and reimbursement will be available for the product, that the
reimbursement amount will be adequate or that the reimbursement amount, even if initially adequate, will not be subsequently reduced. For example, in some markets, such as Spain, France and Germany, government coverage and reimbursement are
currently available for the purchase or rental of our products but are subject to constraints such as price controls or unit sales limitations. In other markets, such as Australia, there is currently limited or no reimbursement for devices that
treat SDB conditions. As we continue to develop new products, those products will generally not qualify for coverage and reimbursement until they are approved for marketing, if at all.        In the United States, we sell our products primarily to home healthcare dealers, hospitals
and sleep clinics. Reductions in reimbursement to our customers by third-party payers, if they occur, may have a material impact on our customers and, therefore, may indirectly affect our pricing and sales to, or the collectability of receivables we
have from, those customers. A development negatively affecting reimbursement stems from the Medicare competitive bidding program mandated by the MMA. Under the program, our customers who provide home healthcare services must compete to offer
products in designated competitive bidding areas, or CBAs. In addition, under the ACA, in 2016, CMS adjusted the prices in  non-competitive  bidding areas to match competitive bidding prices. CMS phased in the
new rates beginning January 1, 2016, and were fully effective July 1, 2016. This program has significantly reduced the Medicare reimbursement to our customers compared with reimbursement in 2011, at the beginning of the program. Similarly,
provisions of the   21 st  Century Cures Act were
signed into law, which retroactively adjusted rates in  non-bid  areas to allow for the higher  phase-in  rates to be paid for items furnished between July 1, 2016 and
December 31, 2016, rather than the lower fully-adjusted rates. These payment adjustments are expected to be completed by October 2017. If changes are made to this law in the future, it could affect amounts being recovered by our customers.
       We cannot predict at this time the full impact
the competitive bidding program and the developments in the competitive bidding program will have on our business and financial condition.      
 Healthcare reform may have a material adverse effect on our industry and our results of operations.     In March
2010, the ACA was signed into law in the United States. The ACA made changes that significantly impacted the healthcare industry, including medical device manufacturers. One of the principal purposes of the ACA was to expand health insurance
coverage to millions of Americans who were uninsured. The ACA required adults not covered by an employer- or government-sponsored insurance plan to maintain health insurance coverage or pay a penalty, a provision commonly referred to as the
individual mandate.  
      - 27 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The ACA also contained a number of provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to
fund the coverage expansions. This included new fees or taxes on certain health-related industries, including medical device manufacturers. Beginning in 2013, entities that manufacture, produce or import medical devices were required to pay an
excise tax in an amount equal to 2.3% of the price for which such devices are sold in the United States. This excise tax is applicable to our products that are primarily used in hospitals and sleep labs, which includes the ApneaLink, VPAP Tx,
certain Respiratory Care and dental sleep products. The medical device tax was suspended for 2016 and 2017 calendar years, but is scheduled to return beginning in 2018, absent further Congressional action. In addition to the competitive bidding
changes discussed above, the ACA also included, among other things, demonstrations to develop organizations that are paid under a new payment methodology for voluntary coordination of care by groups of providers, such as physicians and hospitals,
and the establishment of a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research. The increased funding and focus on comparative clinical effectiveness research,
which compares and evaluates the risks and benefits, clinical outcomes, effectiveness and appropriateness of products, may result in lower reimbursements by payers for our products and decreased profits to us.  
     Other federal legislative changes have been proposed and
adopted since the ACA was enacted. These changes included an aggregate reduction in Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and will remain in effect through 2025 unless additional
Congressional action is taken. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute
of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years.      
 The full impact on our business of the ACA and other new laws is uncertain. Nor is it clear whether other legislative changes will be
adopted, if any, or how such changes would affect the demand for our products. Future actions by the administration and the U.S. Congress including, but not limited to, repeal or replacement of the ACA could have a material adverse impact on our
results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, all or a portion of the ACA and related subsequent legislation may be modified, repealed or otherwise invalidated through judicial challenge.  
     Various healthcare reform proposals have also emerged at the
state level within the United States. The ACA as well as other federal and/or state healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, singularly or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.        Failure
to comply with anti-kickback and fraud regulations could result in substantial penalties and changes in our business operations.     Although we do not provide healthcare services, submit claims for third-party reimbursement,
or receive payments directly from Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors for our products, we are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by federal, state and foreign governments, which could significantly impact
our business. We also are subject to foreign fraud and abuse laws, which vary by country.        In the United States, the laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving,
offering, or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service for which
payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate the Anti-Kickback statute itself
to have committed a violation. The U.S. government has interpreted this law broadly to apply to the marketing and sales activities of manufacturers and distributors like us;  
      - 28 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, that prohibit, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be
presented, claims for payment or approval to the federal government that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making a false statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government or knowingly concealing or
knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government. These laws may apply to manufacturers and distributors who provide information on coverage, coding, and reimbursement of
their products to persons who do bill third-party payers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   HIPAA, which created federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements
relating to healthcare matters. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them to have committed a violation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the federal Physician Sunshine Act requirements under the ACA, which impose reporting and disclosure requirements on device and drug manufacturers for
any “transfer of value” made or distributed by certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to physicians (including doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, and
ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm customers;
and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   state and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or
services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws that require device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to
physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures.        The scope and enforcement of these laws are uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations.
Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the
healthcare industry. For example, in July 2016, we received a federal administrative subpoena from the Office of Inspector General, or OIG, of the Department of Health and Human Services. The subpoena contains a request for documents and other
materials that relate primarily to industry offerings of patient resupply software to home medical equipment providers. In November 2016, we received a second subpoena, requesting documents and other materials regarding other promotional programs.
We are cooperating with the government’s request for documents and information. Responding to investigations can be  time-and  resource-consuming and can divert management’s attention from the
business. Additionally, as a result of these investigations, healthcare providers and entities may face litigation or have to agree to settlements that can include monetary penalties and onerous compliance and reporting requirements as part of a
consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business.  
     If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the
laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us now or in the future, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from governmental health care programs,
and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.  
      - 29 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our use and disclosure of individually identifiable information, including health
information, is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational
harm.     The privacy and security of personally identifiable information stored, maintained, received or transmitted electronically is a major issue in the United States and abroad. While we strive to comply with all
applicable privacy and security laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, legal standards for privacy, including but not limited to ‘‘unfairness’’ and ‘‘deception,’’ as enforced by the
FTC and state attorneys general, continue to evolve and any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others, or could cause us to lose audience and customers, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. Recently, there has been an increase in public awareness of privacy issues in the wake of revelations about the activities of various government agencies and in the number of private privacy-related lawsuits
filed against companies. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personally identifiable information or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded and even if we are in compliance with
applicable laws, could damage our reputation and harm our business.        Numerous foreign, federal and state laws and regulations govern collection, dissemination, use and confidentiality of personally identifiable health information, including (i) state privacy and
confidentiality laws (including state laws requiring disclosure of breaches); (ii) HIPAA; and (iii) European and other foreign data protection laws.      
 HIPAA establishes a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of individually identifiable health information,
including what is known as protected health information, by health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and healthcare providers that submit certain covered transactions electronically, or covered entities, and their ‘‘business
associates,’’ which are persons or entities that perform certain services for, or on behalf of, a covered entity that involve the use or disclosure of protected health information. Certain portions of our business, such as the cloud-based
software digital health applications, are subject to HIPAA as a business associate of our covered entities clients. To provide our covered entity clients with services that involve the use or disclosure of PHI, HIPAA requires us to enter into
business associate agreements that require us to safeguard PHI in accordance with HIPAA. As a business associate, we are also directly liable for compliance with HIPAA. Penalties for violations of HIPAA regulations include civil and criminal
penalties.        HIPAA authorizes state attorneys
general to file suit under HIPAA on behalf of state residents. Courts can award damages, costs and attorneys’ fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue
us in civil court for HIPAA violations, its standards have been used as the basis for a duty of care claim in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI.  
     HIPAA further requires business associates like us to notify
our covered entity clients “without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach.” Covered entities must notify affected individuals “without unreasonable delay and in no case later than
60 calendar days after discovery of the breach” if their unsecured PHI is subject to an unauthorized access, use or disclosure. If a breach affects 500 patients or more, covered entities must report it to HHS and local media without
unreasonable delay, and HHS will post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. If a breach affects fewer than 500 individuals, the covered entity must log it and notify HHS at least annually.  
     If we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security
of health information entrusted to us, our solutions may be perceived as not secure, we may incur significant liabilities and customers may curtail their use of or stop using our solutions. In addition, if we fail to comply with the terms of our
business associate agreements with our clients, we are liable not only contractually but also directly under HIPAA.  
      - 30 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We are also subject to laws and regulations in
 non-U.S.  countries covering data privacy and the protection of health-related and other personal information. EU member states and other jurisdictions have adopted data protection laws and regulations, which
impose significant compliance obligations. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of personal information that identifies or may be used to identify an individual, such as
names, contact information, and sensitive personal data such as health data. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent revisions and differing interpretations, and have generally become more stringent over time.  
     For example, the new
 EU-wide  GDPR will implement more stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of personal data, including, for example, expanded disclosures about how personal information is to be used,
limitations on retention of information and mandatory data breach notification requirements. Compliance with such laws and regulations could cause our costs to increase and harm our business and financial condition. Additionally, limitations on our
ability to use and share personal data could adversely affect our business.        We are also subject to evolving EU laws on data export, as we may transfer personal data from the EU to other jurisdictions. For example, in February 2016, the EU and the United States agreed to a new
framework regarding the transfer of personal data from the EU to the United States called the Privacy Shield. However, there is currently litigation challenging this framework, and it is uncertain whether the Privacy Shield framework will be
invalidated by the EU courts, similar to the treatment of the prior governing framework. We do not transfer any personal data relating to patients between the EU and United States. All other personal data transfers are subject to our internal
controls as well as Standard Model clauses with any relevant European countries.        In recent years, U.S. and European lawmakers and regulators have also expressed concern over electronic marketing and the use of third-party cookies, web beacons and similar technology for online
behavioral advertising. In the EU, informed consent is required for the placement of a cookie on a user’s device. The current EU laws that cover the use of cookies and similar technology and marketing online or by electronic means are under
reform. A draft of the new ePrivacy Regulation was announced on January 10, 2017 and is targeted to become applicable on May 25, 2018 (alongside the GDPR). Unlike the current ePrivacy Directive, this will be directly implemented into the
laws of each of the EU Member States, without the need for further enactment. When implemented, the ePrivacy Regulation is expected to alter rules on third-party cookies, web beacons and similar technology for online behavioral advertising and to
impose stricter requirements on companies using these tools. The draft also extends the strict  opt-in  marketing rules with limited exceptions to business to business communications, and significantly
increases penalties.        Any failure or perceived
failure by us to comply with privacy or security laws, policies, legal obligations or industry standards or any security incident that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information may result in governmental
enforcement actions and investigations, fines and penalties, litigation and/or adverse publicity, including by consumer advocacy groups, and could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and
business. Such failures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. If the third parties we work with violate applicable laws, contractual obligations or suffer a security breach, such violations may also put us
in breach of our obligations under privacy laws and regulations and/or could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business.  
      - 31 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our business activities are subject to extensive regulation, and any failure to comply
could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.     We are subject to extensive U.S. federal, state, local and international regulations regarding our business activities.
Failure to comply with these regulations could result in, among other things, recalls of our products, substantial fines and criminal charges against us or against our employees. Furthermore, our products could be subject to recall if the Food and
Drug Administration, or the FDA, other regulators or we determine, for any reason, that our products are not safe or effective. Any recall or other regulatory action could increase our costs, damage our reputation, affect our ability to supply
customers with the quantity of products they require and materially affect our operating results.        Actual or attempted breaches of security, unauthorized disclosure of information, denial of service attacks or the perception that personal and/or other sensitive or confidential information in our
possession is not secure, could result in a material loss of business, substantial legal liability or significant harm to our reputation.      We receive, collect, process, use and store a large amount of information from
clients and our own employees, including personally identifiable, protected health and other sensitive and confidential information. This data is often accessed by us through transmissions over public and private networks, including the Internet.
The secure transmission of such information over the Internet and other mechanisms is essential to maintain confidence in our information technology systems. We have implemented security measures, technical controls and contractual precautions
designed to identify, detect and prevent unauthorized access, alteration, use or disclosure of our and our clients’ and employees’ data. However, there is no guarantee that these measures can provide absolute security. Beyond external
criminal activity, systems that access or control access to our services and databases may be compromised as a result of human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure.
Because the techniques used to circumvent security systems can be highly sophisticated and change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be
unable to proactively address all possible techniques or implement adequate preventive measures for all situations.      
 If someone is able to circumvent or breach our security systems, they could steal any information located therein or cause interruptions
to our operations. Security breaches or attempts thereof could also damage our reputation and expose us to a risk of monetary loss and/or litigation, fines and sanctions. We also face risks associated with security breaches affecting third parties
that conduct business with us or our clients and others who interact with our data. While we maintain insurance that covers certain security and privacy breaches, we may not carry appropriate insurance or maintain sufficient coverage to compensate
for all potential liability.        We are subject to
diverse laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security, including HIPAA and European data privacy laws. Complying with these numerous and complex regulations is expensive and difficult, and failure to comply with these regulations could
result in regulatory scrutiny, fines and civil liability. In addition, any security breach or attempt thereof could result in liability for stolen assets or information, additional costs associated with repairing any system damage, incentives
offered to clients or other business partners to maintain business relationships after a breach, and implementation of measures to prevent future breaches, including organizational changes, deployment of additional personnel and protection
technologies, employee training and engagement of third-party experts and consultants. Furthermore, these rules are constantly changing; for example, as stated above, the  EU-U.S.  Safe Harbor Framework has been
declared invalid and the  EU-U.S.  Privacy Shield Framework has recently been formally adopted by the European Commission. Additionally, the costs incurred to remediate any data security or privacy incident
could be substantial.  
      - 32 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We cannot assure you that any of our third-party service providers with access to our or our
clients and/or employees’ personally identifiable and other sensitive or confidential information will maintain appropriate policies and practices regarding data privacy and security in compliance with all applicable laws or that they will not
experience data security breaches or attempts thereof, which could have a corresponding effect on our business.      
 Product sales, introductions or modifications may be delayed or canceled as a result of FDA regulations or similar foreign regulations,
which could cause our sales and profits to decline.      Unless a product is exempt, before we can market or sell a new medical device in the United States, we must obtain FDA clearance or approval, which can be a
lengthy and time-consuming process. We generally receive clearance from the FDA to market our products in the United States under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or our products are exempt from the Section 510(k)
clearance process. The 510(k) clearance process can be expensive, time-consuming and uncertain. In the 510(k) clearance process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is “substantially equivalent” to a device legally on the market,
known as a “predicate” device, with respect to intended use, technology and safety and effectiveness, in order to clear the proposed device for marketing. The FDA has a high degree of latitude when evaluating submissions and may determine
that a proposed device submitted for 510(k) clearance is not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. After a device receives 510(k) premarket notification clearance from the FDA, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or
effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change in the intended use of the device, technology, materials, packaging, and certain manufacturing processes may require a new 510(k) clearance or premarket approval. We have modified some of our
Section 510(k) approved products without submitting new Section 510(k) notices, which we do not believe were required. However, if the FDA disagrees with us and requires us to submit new Section 510(k) notifications for modifications
to our existing products, we may be required to stop marketing the products while the FDA reviews the Section 510(k) notification.      
 Any new product introduction or existing product modification could be subjected to a lengthier, more rigorous FDA examination process.
For example, in certain cases we may need to conduct clinical trials of a new product before submitting a 510(k) notice. We may also be required to obtain premarket approvals for certain of our products. Indeed, recent trends in the FDA’s
review of premarket notification submissions suggest that the FDA is often requiring manufacturers to provide new, more expansive, or different information regarding a particular device than what the manufacturer anticipated upon 510(k) submission.
This has resulted in increasing uncertainty and delay in the premarket notification review process.        For example, the FDA recently evaluated its guidance describing when it believes a manufacturer is obligated to submit a new 510(k) for modifications or changes to a previously cleared device. Although
the FDA had proposed a number of changes to a long-standing guidance from 1997 on this topic, the FDA concluded that manufacturers should continue adhering to the principles in the 1997 guidance. In August 2016, the FDA issued a new draft guidance,
which FDA believes preserves the basic format and content of the 1997 guidance with updates to add clarity. The FDA’s ongoing review of the 510(k) program may make it more difficult for us to make modifications to our previously cleared
products, either by imposing more strict requirements on when a manufacturer must submit a new 510(k) for a modification to a previously cleared product, or by applying more onerous review criteria to such submissions. FDA continues to review its
510(k) clearance process which could result in additional changes to regulatory requirements or guidance documents which could increase the costs of compliance, or restrict our ability to maintain current clearances. The requirements of the more
rigorous premarket approval process and/or significant changes to the 510(k) clearance process could delay product introductions and increase the costs associated with FDA compliance. Marketing and sale of our products outside the United States are
also subject to regulatory clearances and approvals, and if we fail to obtain these regulatory approvals, our sales could suffer. We cannot assure you that any new products we develop will receive required regulatory approvals from U.S. or foreign
regulatory agencies.  
      - 33 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We are subject to substantial regulation related to quality standards applicable to our
manufacturing and quality processes. Our failure to comply with these standards could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.     The FDA regulates the approval, manufacturing,
and sales and marketing of many of our products in the U.S. Significant government regulation also exists in Canada, Japan, Europe, and other countries in which we conduct business. As a device manufacturer, we are required to register with the FDA
and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA’s Quality System Regulation requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and
documentation procedures. In addition, the federal Medical Device Reporting regulations require us to provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or
serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is rigorously monitored through periodic inspections by
the FDA. In the European Community, we are required to maintain certain ISO certifications in order to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. Failure to comply with
current governmental regulations and quality assurance guidelines could lead to temporary manufacturing shutdowns, product recalls or related field actions, product shortages or delays in product manufacturing. Efficacy or safety concerns, an
increase in trends of adverse events in the marketplace, and/or manufacturing quality issues with respect to our products could lead to product recalls or related field actions, withdrawals, and/or declining sales.  
     Laws regulating consumer contacts could adversely affect
our business operations or create liabilities.     Our business activities include contacts with consumers in different parts of the world. Certain laws, such as the U.S. Telephone Consumer Protection Act, regulate
telemarketing practices and certain automated outbound contacts with consumers, such as phone calls, texts or emails. Our use of outbound contacts may be restricted by existing laws, or by laws, regulations, or regulatory decisions that may be
adopted in the future. If we are found to have violated these laws or regulations, we may be subjected to substantial fines, penalties, or liabilities to consumers.  
      - 34 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our products are the subject of clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or
other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.      As a part of the
regulatory process to obtain marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, or for other reasons, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations, and trial
endpoints. We, our competitors, or other third parties may also conduct clinical trials involving our commercially marketed products. The results of clinical trials may be unfavorable or inconsistent with previous findings, or could identify safety
signals associated with our products. For example, in May 2015, we announced the preliminary analysis of the data from the  SERVE-HF  clinical trial, which was designed to assess whether the treatment of
moderate to severe predominant central sleep apnea with Adaptive Servo-Ventilation, or ASV therapy could reduce mortality and morbidity in patients with symptomatic chronic heart failure. The preliminary headline results showed no significant
difference with respect to  all-cause  mortality and hospitalization. However, the analysis of the data identified a statistically significant, 2.5% absolute, increased risk of cardiovascular mortality for those
patients in the trial who received ASV therapy with moderate to severe predominant central sleep apnea and symptomatic chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. We worked with global regulatory authorities to revise the labels and
instructions for use for ResMed ASV devices as well as informing healthcare providers, physicians, and patients of the cardiovascular safety signal observed in  SERVE-HF.  Current or future clinical trials may
not meet primary endpoints, may reveal disadvantages of our products and solutions for various markets we address, or could generate unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data. Clinical data, or the market’s or regulatory bodies’ perception
of the clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product clearances or approvals, and our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate. Moreover, if these clinical trials identify serious safety issues associated
with our marketed products, potentially adverse consequences could result, including that regulatory authorities could withdraw clearances or approvals of our products, we could be required to halt the marketing and sales of our products or recall
our products, we could be required to update our product labeling with additional warnings, we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients, and our reputation may suffer. Any of these could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.        Off-label  marketing of our products could result in substantial penalties.     The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that may
be made about  FDA-cleared  products. In particular, clearance under Section 510(k) only permits us to market our products for the uses indicated on the labeling cleared by the FDA. We may request
additional label indications for our current products, and the FDA may deny those requests outright, require additional expensive clinical data to support any additional indications or impose limitations on the intended use of any cleared products
as a condition of clearance. If the FDA determines that we have marketed our products for  off-label  use, we could be subject to fines, injunctions or other penalties. It is also possible that other federal,
state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our business activities to constitute promotion of an  off-label  use, which could result in significant penalties, including, but not
limited to, criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, and the curtailment of our operations. Any of these events could significantly harm our business
and results of operations and cause our stock price to decline.  
      - 35 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Disruptions in the supply of components from our single source suppliers could result in
a significant reduction in sales and profitability.     We purchase uniquely configured components for our devices from various suppliers, including some who are single-source suppliers for us. We cannot assure you that a
replacement supplier would be able to configure its components for our devices on a timely basis or, in the alternative, that we would be able to reconfigure our devices to integrate the replacement part. A reduction or halt in supply while a
replacement supplier reconfigures its components, or while we reconfigure our devices for the replacement part, would limit our ability to manufacture our devices, which could result in a significant reduction in sales and profitability. We cannot
assure you that our inventories would be adequate to meet our production needs during any prolonged interruption of supply.      
 We are subject to potential product liability claims that may exceed the scope and amount of our insurance coverage, which would expose
us to liability for uninsured claims.      We are subject to potential product liability claims as a result of the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices. Any product liability claim brought against us,
with or without merit, could result in the increase of our product liability insurance rates. In addition, we would have to pay any amount awarded by a court in excess of our policy limits. Our insurance policies have various exclusions, and thus we
may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no insurance coverage, in which case, we may have to pay the entire amount of any award. We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage will be adequate or that all claims brought
against us will be covered by our insurance and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain insurance in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. A successful product liability claim brought against us in excess of our insurance
coverage, if any, may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could harm our business.        Our intellectual property may not protect our products, and/or our products may infringe on the intellectual property rights of third-parties.     We rely on a combination of
patents, trade secrets and  non-disclosure  agreements to protect our intellectual property. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain United States and foreign patent protection for
our products, their uses and our processes to preserve our trade secrets and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third-parties. We have a number of pending patent applications, and we do not know whether any patents will issue
from any of these applications. We do not know whether any of the claims in our issued patents or pending applications will provide us with any significant protection against competitive products or otherwise be commercially valuable. Legal
standards regarding the validity of patents and the proper scope of their claims are still evolving, and there is no consistent law or policy regarding the valid breadth of claims. Additionally, there may be third-party patents, patent applications
and other intellectual property relevant to our products and technology which are not known to us and that block or compete with our products. We face the risks that:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   third-parties will infringe our intellectual property rights;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our  non-disclosure  agreements will be breached;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we will not have adequate remedies for infringement;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our trade secrets will become known to or independently developed by our competitors; or  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   third-parties will be issued patents that may prevent the sale of our products or require us to license and pay fees or royalties in order for us to be
able to market some of our products.  
      - 36 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Litigation may be necessary to enforce patents issued to us, to protect our proprietary
rights, or to defend third-party claims that we have infringed on proprietary rights of others. For example, we are involved in litigation with Fisher & Paykel HealthCare, which has sued us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of California for allegedly infringing various of their patents. Related cases are now pending in New Zealand, Germany and the United Kingdom. If the outcome of any litigation or proceeding brought against us were adverse, we could be
subject to significant liabilities to third-parties, could be required to obtain licenses from third-parties, could be forced to design around the patents at issue or could be required to cease sales of the affected products. A license may not be
available at all or on commercially viable terms, and we may not be able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. Additionally, the laws regarding the enforceability of patents vary from country to country, and we cannot assure you that any
patent issues we face will be uniformly resolved, or that local laws will provide us with consistent rights and benefits.      
 Tax laws, regulations, and enforcement practices are evolving and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash
flows and financial position.     Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions are evolving and may be subject to significant changes due to economic, political, and other conditions. There are
many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for taxes. Governments are
increasingly focused on ways to increase tax revenues, particularly from multinational corporations, which may lead to an increase in audit activity and aggressive positions taken by tax authorities.  
     For example, the current U.S. administration and certain
members of Congress have made public statements indicating that corporate tax reform is a priority. Changes to U.S. tax laws could materially affect the tax treatment of our domestic and foreign earnings. The Organisation for Economic  Co-operation  and Development, an international association of 34 countries, including the United States, released the final reports from its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, or BEPS, Action Plans, which aim to
standardize and modernize global tax policies. The BEPS Action Plans propose revisions to numerous tax rules, including  country-by-country  reporting, permanent
establishment, hybrid entities and instruments, transfer pricing, and tax treaties. The BEPS Action Plans have been or are being enacted by countries where we have operations.  
     Developments in relevant tax laws, regulations,
administrative practices and enforcement practices could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position and cash flows, including the need to obtain additional financing.  
     We are subject to tax audits by various tax authorities in
many jurisdictions.     Our income tax returns are based on calculations and assumptions subject to audit by various tax authorities. In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in
the application of complex tax laws. We regularly assess the potential outcomes of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We are currently under audit by the Australian Taxation Office for the
tax years 2009 to 2013. Although we do not believe that any material adjustments will result from this audit, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. Any final assessment resulting from tax audits may result in material changes
to our past or future taxable income, tax payable or deferred tax assets, and may require us to pay penalties and interest that could materially adversely affect our financial results.  
      - 37 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our quarterly operating results are subject to fluctuation for a variety of
reasons.     Our operating results have, from time to time, fluctuated on a quarterly basis and may be subject to similar fluctuations in the future. These fluctuations may result from a number of factors, including:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the introduction of new products by us or our competitors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the geographic mix of product sales;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the success and costs of our marketing efforts in new regions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in third-party payor reimbursement;      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   timing of regulatory clearances and approvals;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   timing of orders by distributors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   expenditures incurred for research and development;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   competitive pricing in different regions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effect of foreign currency transaction gains or losses; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other activities of our competitors.      
 Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate.  
     If a natural or
 man-made  disaster strikes our manufacturing facilities, we will be unable to manufacture our products for a substantial amount of time and our sales and profitability will
decline.     Our facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead-time to repair or replace. The facilities may be affected by natural or  man-made  disasters and in the event they were affected by a disaster, we would be forced to rely on third-party manufacturers. Although we believe we possess adequate insurance for the disruption of our business
from causalities, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.  
     Delaware law and provisions in our charter and could make
it difficult for another company to acquire us.     Provisions of our certificate of incorporation may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or management which might be beneficial to us or our security
holders. In particular, our board of directors is divided into three classes, serving for staggered three-year terms. Because of this classification, it will require at least two annual meetings to elect directors constituting a majority of our
board of directors. Additionally, our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares
without further vote or action by the stockholders. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance
of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, may discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price of our common stock and may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock.        You may not be able to enforce the judgments of U.S. courts against some of our assets or officers and directors.     A substantial portion of our assets are located outside the
United States. Additionally, some of our directors and executive officers reside outside the United States, along with all or a substantial portion of their assets. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to enforce judgments of U.S.
courts relating to any liabilities under U.S. securities laws against our assets, those persons or their assets. In addition, investors may not be able to pursue claims based on U.S. securities laws against these assets or these persons in
Australian courts, where most of these assets and persons reside.  
      - 38 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and
infrastructure.     Our technology systems are potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction, unauthorized access and other events. Likewise, data privacy breaches by
employees and others with both permitted and unauthorized access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public, or may be permanently lost. While we have invested heavily in the protection
of data and information technology and in related training, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent significant breakdowns, breaches in our systems or other cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect upon the
reputation, business, operations or financial condition of the company. In addition, significant implementation issues may arise as we continue to consolidate and outsource certain computer operations and application support activities.  
     Our results of operations may be materially affected by
global economic conditions generally, including conditions in the financial markets.     Recently, concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, and the ability of sovereign
nations to pay their debts have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the financial markets going forward. These factors, combined with volatile commodity prices, declining business and consumer
confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated an economic slowdown. It is difficult to predict how long the current economic conditions will continue and whether the economic conditions will continue to deteriorate. If the
economic climate in the United States or outside the United States continues to deteriorate or there is a shift in government spending priorities, customers or potential customers could reduce or delay their purchases, which could impact our
revenue, our ability to manage inventory levels, collect customer receivables, and ultimately decrease our profitability.      
 Our leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect our business.     As of June 30, 2017, our
total consolidated debt was approximately $1.1 billion. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could have adverse consequences, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   making it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditure, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   exposing us to greater interest rate risk.      
 Our debt service obligations will require us to use a portion of our operating cash flow to pay interest and principal in indebtedness,
which could impede our growth. Our ability to make payments on, and to refinance, our indebtedness, and to fund capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This is subject to general economic, financial,
competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.        We may  write-off  intangible assets, such as goodwill.     We have recorded intangible assets, including goodwill in connection with our
acquisitions of Brightree, Curative Medical and Inova Labs. At least on an annual basis, we will evaluate whether facts and circumstances indicate any impairment of the values of these intangible assets. As circumstances change, we cannot assure you
that the value of these intangible assets will be realized by us. If we determine that a significant impairment has occurred, we will be required to  write-off  the impaired portion of intangible assets, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the  write-off  occurs. 
      - 39 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Before we acquired Brightree, Curative Medical and Inova Labs, those companies were each
privately-held, and their new obligations of being a part of a public company may require   significant resources and management attention.     When we acquired Brightree, Curative Medical and Inova Labs, the acquired
entities became subsidiaries of our consolidated company, and are now required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. We will
need to ensure that each of the acquired companies establishes and maintains effective disclosure controls as well as internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, and such compliance efforts may be costly and may divert the attention of
management.      
 
 
 I TEM  1B 
 U NRESOLVED  S TAFF  C OMMENTS   
     We have received no written comments regarding our periodic
or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal year 2017 that remain unresolved.  
   
 
 
 I TEM  2 
 P ROPERTIES       
 We conduct our operations in both owned and leased properties. Our principal executive offices and U.S. sales facilities, consist of
approximately 230,000 square feet and are located on Spectrum Center Boulevard in San Diego, California, in a building we own. We have our primary research and development facilities, as well as office and manufacturing facilities at our owned site
in Sydney, Australia. Other facilities are leased in Atlanta, Georgia, and Moreno Valley, California, U.S.A.; Loyang and Galaxais, Singapore; Munich, Germany; Lyon, France; Suzhou, China; and Johor Bahru, Malaysia.     
      - 40 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet the needs of our current business
operations. At June 30, 2017, our principal owned and leased properties were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Location 
    
 Ownership Status (Owned / Leased) 
    
 Square footage 
   
    
 Primary
Usage 


 
 San Diego, California 
    
 Owned 
    
   
 230,000 
   
    
 Corporate headquarters, sales and administration 
 
 Sydney, Australia 
    
 Owned 
    
   
 224,000 
   
    
 Manufacturing, engineering, research and development 
 
 Suzhou, China 
    
 Owned 
    
   
 53,000 
   
    
 Manufacturing, engineering, research and development 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 508,000 
   
    
 Manufacturing, warehouse and distribution, sales and administration, research and
development 
 
 Moreno Valley, California 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 130,000 
   
    
 Warehouse and distribution 
 
 Munich, Germany 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 113,000 
   
    
 Sales and distribution, research and development 
 
 Loyang, Singapore 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 95,000 
   
    
 Manufacturing facility 
 
 Chatsworth, California 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 72,000 
   
    
 Motor manufacturing, engineering, research and development 
 
 Lyon, France 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 51,000 
   
    
 Manufacturing, sales and distribution 
 
 Johor Bahru, Malaysia 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 46,000 
   
    
 Manufacturing facility 
 
 Galaxais / Connexis, Singapore 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 16,000 
   
    
 Engineering, research and development 
     
 
 
 I TEM  3 
 L EGAL  P ROCEEDINGS       
 We are involved in various legal proceedings and claims. Litigation is inherently uncertain. Accordingly, we cannot predict the outcome of
these matters. But we do not expect the outcome of these matters to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements when taken as a whole.  
     Fisher  & Paykel Healthcare patent
litigation.     ResMed and Fisher & Paykel Healthcare are engaged in patent disputes in several global forums. Court cases related to the disputes are now pending in the United States, New Zealand, Germany and the
United Kingdom. ResMed and Fisher & Paykel have also filed proceedings in patent offices in the United States, Germany and Europe to invalidate many of the patents being asserted against that party.  
     Administrative subpoenas.     In
July 2016, we received a federal administrative subpoena from the OIG of the Department of Health and Human Services. The subpoena contained a request for documents and other materials that relate primarily to industry offerings of patient resupply
software to home medical equipment providers. In November 2016, we received a second subpoena, requesting documents and other materials regarding other promotional programs. We are cooperating with the government’s requests for documents and
information.  
      - 41 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 I TEM  4 
 M INE  S AFETY  D ISCLOSURES   
     Not Applicable.  
      - 42 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    PART II
     
 
 
 I TEM  5 
 M ARKET   FOR  R EGISTRANT ’ S  C OMMON  E QUITY , R ELATED 
S TOCKHOLDER  M ATTERS   AND  I SSUER  P URCHASES   OF  E QUITY  S ECURITIES   
     Our common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol
“RMD”. The following table sets forth for the fiscal periods indicated the high and low closing prices for the common stock as reported by the NYSE.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   Quarter One, Ended September 30 
    
 $ 
 70.90 
   
    
 $ 
 62.96 
   
    
 $ 
 57.95 
   
    
 $ 
 49.43 
   
 
   Quarter Two, Ended December 31 
    
   
 65.58 
   
    
   
 56.59 
   
    
   
 60.02 
   
    
   
 51.25 
   
 
   Quarter Three, Ended March 31 
    
   
 73.46 
   
    
   
 61.22 
   
    
   
 60.36 
   
    
   
 51.40 
   
 
   Quarter Four, Ended
June 30 
    
   
 79.44 
   
    
   
 67.04 
   
    
   
 64.08 
   
    
   
 55.64 
   
       At July 28, 2017,
there were 20 holders of record of our common stock, although many of these holders of record own shares as nominees on behalf of other beneficial owners. During fiscal years 2017 and 2016, we paid dividends totaling $186.3 million and
$168.1 million, respectively. On August 1, 2017, we announced an increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.33 per share to $0.35 per share. We pay the dividend in U.S. currency to holders of our common stock trading on the NYSE. Holders
of CDIs trading on the ASX will receive an equivalent amount in Australian currency based on the exchange rate on the record date and reflecting the 10:1 ratio between CDIs and of common stock traded on the NYSE. We expect the dividend will continue
to be unfranked for Australian tax purposes. We expect to fund our dividend commitments with our operating cash flows and existing loan facilities.      
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans        The information included under Item 12 of Part III of this Report, “Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters,” is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5 of Part II of this Report.      
 Purchases of Equity Securities      
 On February 21, 2014, our board of directors approved or current share repurchase program, authorizing us to acquire up to an
aggregate of 20 million shares of our common stock. The program allows us to repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time for cash in the open market, or in negotiated or block transactions, as market and business conditions warrant
and subject to applicable legal requirements. There is no expiration date for this program, and the program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time at the discretion of our board of directors. We temporarily suspended our
share repurchase program due to recent acquisitions. However, we expect to resume the share repurchase program during fiscal year 2018. All share repurchases after February 21, 2014 have been executed under this program. During all of our share
buyback programs, we have repurchased an aggregate of 41.1 million shares at a total cost of $1.5 billion.  
      - 43 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PERFORMANCE GRAPH  
     This performance graph is furnished and shall not be deemed
“filed” with the SEC or subject to Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
     The following graph compares the cumulative total
stockholders return on our common stock from June 30, 2012 through June 30, 2017, with the comparable cumulative return of the S&P 500 index, the S&P 500 Health Care index, and the Dow Jones U.S. Medical Devices index. The graph
assumes that $100 was invested in our common stock and each index on June 30, 2012. In addition, the graph assumes the reinvestment of all dividends paid. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of
future stock price performance.        


 
        The following table shows
total indexed return of stock price plus reinvestments of dividends, assuming an initial investment of $100 at June 30, 2012, for the indicated periods.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Index 
   
 June 2012 
   
   
 June 2013 
   
   
 June 2014 
   
   
 June 2015 
   
   
 June 2016 
   
   
 June 2017 
   


 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   ResMed Inc. 
   
   
 100 
   
   
   
 147 
   
   
   
 168 
   
   
   
 191 
   
   
   
 219 
   
   
   
 275 
   
 
   S&P 500 
   
   
 100 
   
   
   
 118 
   
   
   
 144 
   
   
   
 151 
   
   
   
 154 
   
   
   
 178 
   
 
   S&P 500 Health Care 
   
   
 100 
   
   
   
 125 
   
   
   
 160 
   
   
   
 195 
   
   
   
 188 
   
   
   
 208 
   
 
   Dow Jones U.S. Medical
Devices 
   
   
 100 
   
   
   
 120 
   
   
   
 156 
   
   
   
 185 
   
   
   
 212 
   
   
   
 261 
   
 
      - 44 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 I TEM  6 
 S ELECTED  F INANCIAL  D ATA   
     The following table summarizes certain selected consolidated
financial data for, and as of the end of, each of the fiscal years in the five-year period ended June 30, 2017. The data set forth below should be read together with Item 7 of Part II of this annual report, “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Item 8 of Part II of this annual report, “Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”, and related Notes included elsewhere in this annual report. The
consolidated statement of income data for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 2017 and 2016 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this annual report. The consolidated statement of income data for the years ended June 30, 2014 and 2013 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are derived from our audited consolidated financial
statements. Historical results do not necessarily indicate the results to be expected in the future, and the results for the years presented should not be considered to indicate our future results of operations.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 Consolidated Statement of Income Data 
   
 Years Ended June 30, 
   
 
 (In thousands, except per share data): 
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Net revenues 
   
 $ 
 2,066,737 
   
   
 $ 
 1,838,713 
   
   
 $ 
 1,678,912 
   
   
 $ 
 1,554,973 
   
   
 $ 
 1,514,457 
   
 
 Cost of sales (excluding amortization of acquired intangible assets) 
   
   
 864,992 
   
   
   
 772,216 
   
   
   
 667,516 
   
   
   
 565,187 
   
   
   
 573,800 
   
 
   Gross
profit 
   
   
 1,201,745 
   
   
   
 1,066,497 
   
   
   
 1,011,396 
   
   
   
 989,786 
   
   
   
 940,657 
   
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 553,968 
   
   
   
 488,057 
   
   
   
 478,627 
   
   
   
 450,414 
   
   
   
 430,802 
   
 
 Research and development expenses 
   
   
 144,467 
   
   
   
 118,651 
   
   
   
 114,865 
   
   
   
 118,226 
   
   
   
 120,124 
   
 
 Restructuring expenses 
   
   
 12,358 
   
   
   
 6,914 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 6,326 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
 Education, research and settlement charge 
   
   
 8,500 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 24,765 
   
 
 Acquisition related expenses 
   
   
 10,076 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
   
   
 46,578 
   
   
   
 23,923 
   
   
   
 8,668 
   
   
   
 9,733 
   
   
   
 10,142 
   
 
   Total operating expenses 

   
   
 775,947 
   
   
   
 637,545 
   
   
   
 602,160 
   
   
   
 584,699 
   
   
   
 585,833 
   
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 425,798 
   
   
   
 428,952 
   
   
   
 409,236 
   
   
   
 405,087 
   
   
   
 354,824 
   
 
   Other income: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Interest income, net 
   
   
 (11,151 
 )  
   
   
 5,654 
   
   
   
 20,430 
   
   
   
 25,107 
   
   
   
 32,486 
   
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 4,096 
   
   
   
 4,960 
   
   
   
 6,250 
   
   
   
 884 
   
   
   
 (2,191 
 )  
 
   Total other income, net 
   
   
 (7,055 
 )  
   
   
 10,614 
   
   
   
 26,680 
   
   
   
 25,991 
   
   
   
 30,295 
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 418,743 
   
   
   
 439,566 
   
   
   
 435,916 
   
   
   
 431,078 
   
   
   
 385,119 
   
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 76,459 
   
   
   
 87,157 
   
   
   
 83,030 
   
   
   
 85,805 
   
   
   
 77,986 
   
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 342,284 
   
   
 $ 
 352,409 
   
   
 $ 
 352,886 
   
   
 $ 
 345,273 
   
   
 $ 
 307,133 
   
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 $ 
 2.42 
   
   
 $ 
 2.51 
   
   
 $ 
 2.51 
   
   
 $ 
 2.44 
   
   
 $ 
 2.15 
   
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 $ 
 2.40 
   
   
 $ 
 2.49 
   
   
 $ 
 2.47 
   
   
 $ 
 2.39 
   
   
 $ 
 2.10 
   
 
   Dividends per share 
   
 $ 
 1.32 
   
   
 $ 
 1.20 
   
   
 $ 
 1.12 
   
   
 $ 
 1.00 
   
   
 $ 
 0.68 
   
 
   Weighted average: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Basic shares outstanding 
   
   
 141,360 
   
   
   
 140,242 
   
   
   
 140,468 
   
   
   
 141,474 
   
   
   
 142,954 
   
 
   Diluted shares
outstanding 
   
   
 142,453 
   
   
   
 141,669 
   
   
   
 142,687 
   
   
   
 144,359 
   
   
   
 146,410 
   
 
      - 45 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data 
   
 As of June 30, 
   
 
 (In thousands): 
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Working capital 
   
 $ 
 1,283,877 
   
   
 $ 
 781,730 
   
   
 $ 
 1,141,381 
   
   
 $ 
 1,286,651 
   
   
 $ 
 874,800 
   
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 3,468,487 
   
   
   
 3,256,705 
   
   
   
 2,181,774 
   
   
   
 2,360,962 
   
   
   
 2,210,721 
   
 
   Long-term debt, less current maturities 
   
   
 1,078,611 
   
   
   
 873,332 
   
   
   
 300,594 
   
   
   
 300,770 
   
   
   
 769 
   
 
   Total stockholders’
equity 
   
 $ 
 1,960,266 
   
   
 $ 
 1,694,831 
   
   
 $ 
 1,587,307 
   
   
 $ 
 1,758,248 
   
   
 $ 
 1,610,516 
   
 
      - 46 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 I TEM  7 
 M ANAGEMENT ’ S  D ISCUSSION   AND  A NALYSIS   OF  F INANCIAL 
C ONDITION   AND  R ESULTS   OF  O PERATIONS       
 Overview      
 Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help the reader understand the
results of operations and financial condition of ResMed Inc. and subsidiaries. It is provided as a supplement to, and should be read together with the selected financial data and consolidated financial statements and notes included elsewhere in this
report.        We are a leading developer, manufacturer
and distributor of medical equipment for treating, diagnosing, and managing SDB and other respiratory disorders. During the fiscal year, we continued our efforts to build awareness of the consequences of untreated SDB and to grow our business in
this market. In our efforts, we have attempted to raise awareness through market and clinical initiatives and by highlighting the increasing link between the potential effects SDB can have on  co-morbidities 
such as cardiac disease, diabetes, hypertension and obesity.        We are committed to ongoing investment in research and development and product enhancements. During fiscal year 2017, we invested approximately $144.5 million on research and development activities,
which represents approximately 7.0% of net revenues. Since the development of CPAP, we have developed a number of innovative products for the treatment of SDB and other respiratory disorders including devices, informatics solutions, diagnostic
products, mask systems, headgear and other accessories. During fiscal year 2017, we released new products including the   AirMini PAP device, AirFit mask range and AirTouch masks. We also introduced a number of new software solutions including
our ResMed Resupply, GoScripts and new features and enhancements within our cloud-based software offerings. Through our acquisition of Brightree in 2016, we also acquired a suite of  software-as-a-service  solutions for U.S. based distributors and home health and hospice customers. These products, our cloud-based remote monitoring and therapy management system, and a robust product
pipeline, should continue to provide us with a strong platform for future growth.        Net revenue in fiscal year 2017 increased to $2,066.7 million, an increase of 12% compared to fiscal year 2016. Gross profit increased for the year ended June 30, 2017 to $1,201.7 million,
from $1,066.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $135.2 million or 13%. Our net income for the year ended June 30, 2017 was $342.3 million or $2.40 per diluted share compared to net income of
$352.4 million or $2.49 per diluted share for the year ended June 30, 2016.        Total operating cash flow for fiscal year 2017 was $414.1 million and at June 30, 2017, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $821.9 million. At June 30, 2017, our total assets were
$3.5 billion and our stockholders’ equity was $2.0 billion. We temporarily suspended our share repurchase program due to the acquisitions completed in fiscal year 2016. Accordingly, we did not purchase any shares during fiscal year
2017. During fiscal year 2016, we repurchased 1.9 million shares at a cost of $102.1 million under our share repurchase program. We paid a quarterly dividend of $0.33 per share during fiscal 2017 with a total amount of $186.3 million
paid to stockholders.        In order to provide a
framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed, excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, we provide certain financial information on a “constant currency basis”, which is in addition to the actual financial
information presented. In order to calculate our constant currency information, we translate the current period financial information using the foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect during the previous comparable period. However,
constant currency measures should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to U.S. dollar measures that reflect current period exchange rates, or to other financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles.  
      - 47 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2017 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2016
       Net
Revenues.     Net revenue for the year ended June 30, 2017 increased to $2,066.7 million from $1,838.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $228.0 million or 12% (a 13% increase on
a constant currency basis). Net revenue for the year ended June 30, 2017 includes revenue of $138.1 million from our Brightree’s operations. Excluding revenue attributable to Brightree, net revenue for the year ended June 30,
2017 was $1,928.7 million, an increase of $118.9 million or 7% compared to the year ended June 30, 2016 (an 8% increase on a constant currency basis). The increase in net revenue was attributable to an increase in unit sales of our
devices, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices. Movements in international currencies against the U.S. dollar negatively impacted net revenues by approximately $17.2 million for the year ended
June 30, 2017.        Net revenue in North and
Latin America for the year ended June 30, 2017 increased to $1,310.1 million from $1,130.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $179.7 million or 16%. Excluding revenue attributable to Brightree, net
revenue in North and Latin America increased for the year ended June 30, 2017 to $1,172.1 million, an increase of $70.5 million or 6%. The increase in net revenue in North and Latin America, excluding revenue attributable to
Brightree, is primarily due to an increase in unit sales of our devices, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices.      
 Net revenue in markets outside North and Latin America increased for the year ended June 30, 2017 to $756.6 million from
$708.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $48.3 million or 7% (a 9% increase on a constant currency basis). The constant currency increase in sales outside North and Latin America predominantly reflects an
increase in unit sales of our devices, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices.      
 Net revenue from devices for the year ended June 30, 2017 increased to $1,161.0 million from $1,064.2 million for the year
ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $96.8 million or 9%, including an increase of 9% in North and Latin America and an increase of 10% outside North and Latin America (a 12% increase on a constant currency basis). Net revenue from masks
and other accessories for the year ended June 30, 2017 increased to $767.7 million from $745.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of 3%, including an increase of 4% in North and Latin America and an increase of
1% outside North and Latin America (a 4% increase on a constant currency basis). Excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, device sales for the year ended June 30, 2017 increased by 10%, and masks and accessories sales increased by
4%, compared to the year ended June 30, 2016.      
 The following table summarizes the percentage movements in our net revenue, excluding revenue attributable to Brightree following the
closing of our acquisition, for the year ended June 30, 2017 compared to the year ended June 30, 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 North and Latin America 
   
   
 Markets outside North and Latin America 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Markets outside North and Latin America (Constant Currency)* 
   
   
 Total (Constant Currency)* 
   


 
   Devices 
    
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   Masks and other accessories 
    
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
 
 
 Total 
    
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
       *  Constant currency numbers exclude the impact of movements in international currencies.  
      - 48 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Gross Profit.      Gross profit increased for the year ended
June 30, 2017 to $1,201.7 million from $1,066.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $135.2 million or 13%. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenue was 58.1% for the year ended June 30, 2017,
compared with the 58.0% for the year ended June 30, 2016. The increase in gross margin was due primarily to manufacturing and procurement efficiencies, and an incremental contribution from the Brightree acquisition, partly offset by declines in
our average selling prices and unfavorable product mix as sales of our lower margin products represented a higher proportion of our sales.      
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.      Selling, general and administrative expenses increased
for the year ended June 30, 2017 to $554.0 million from $488.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of $65.9 million or 14%. The selling, general and administrative expenses, as reported in U.S. dollars,
were favorably impacted by the movement of international currencies against the U.S. dollar, which decreased our expenses by approximately $1.2 million. Excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, selling, general and administrative
expenses for the year ended June 30, 2017 increased by 14% compared to the year ended June 30, 2016. As a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2017 were 26.8%, compared to
26.5% for the year ended June 30, 2016.        The
increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to additional personnel to support our commercial activities, increased legal expenses, increased professional fees and additional expenses associated with the consolidation
of recent acquisitions.        Research and
Development Expenses.     Research and development expenses increased for the year ended June 30, 2017 to $144.5 million from $118.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2016, an increase of
$25.8 million or 22%. The research and development expenses were unfavorably impacted by the appreciation of the Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar, which increased our expenses by approximately $3.7 million, as reported in U.S.
dollars. Excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, research and development expenses for the year ended June 30, 2017 increased by 19% compared to the year ended June 30, 2016. As a percentage of net revenue, research and
development expenses were 7.0% for the year ended June 30, 2017 compared to 6.5% for the year ended June 30, 2016.      
 The increase in research and development expenses in constant currency terms was primarily due to an increase in the number of research
and development personnel, an increase in materials and tooling costs incurred to facilitate development of new products and additional expenses associated with the consolidation of recent acquisitions.  
     Restructuring expenses.     During
the year ended June 30, 2017, we incurred restructuring expenses of $12.4 million associated with the reorganization of our Paris manufacturing activities and German research and development activities. The restructuring expenses consisted
primarily of severance payments to employees in our German and Paris facilities, site closure costs and associated project cancellation costs. We recorded the full amount of $12.4 million during the year ended June 30, 2017, within our
operating expenses and separately disclosed the amount as restructuring expenses and had $6.5 million remaining in our employee related costs accrual at year end. During the year ended June 30, 2016, we incurred restructuring expenses of
$6.9 million associated with the rationalizing our European research and development operations and manufacturing facilities. The restructuring expenses consisted primarily of severance payments and an asset write-down of a legacy manufacturing
facility.        Amortization of Acquired Intangible
Assets.     Amortization of acquired intangible assets for the year ended June 30, 2017 totaled $46.6 million compared to $23.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2016. The increase in amortization expense
was attributable to our acquisitions from the prior year, in particular Brightree, Curative Medical and Inova Labs.  
      - 49 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Total other income (loss), net.     Total other income (loss), net
for the year ended June 30, 2017 was a loss of $7.1 million, compared with an income of $10.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2016. The change was due primarily to an increase in interest expense due to higher borrowings.
       Income
Taxes.      Our effective income tax rate decreased to 18.3% for the year ended June 30, 2017 from 19.8% for the year ended June 30, 2016. Our effective income tax rate is affected by the geographic mix of our
taxable income, including lower taxes associated with our Singapore and Malaysia manufacturing operations. Our Singapore and Malaysia operations operate under certain tax holidays and tax incentive programs which will expire in whole or in part at
various dates through June 30, 2020. As of June 30, 2017, we have not provided for U.S. income taxes for the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. We intend for these earnings to be permanently reinvested outside the United
States.        Net Income and Earnings per
Share.     As a result of the factors above, our net income for the year ended June 30, 2017 was $342.3 million compared to net income of $352.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2016. Our earnings per
diluted share for the year ended June 30, 2017 was $2.40 compared to $2.49 for the year ended June 30, 2016, a decrease of 4%.      
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2016 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2015  
     Net Revenues.     Net revenue for
the year ended June 30, 2016 increased to $1,838.7 million from $1,678.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase of $159.8 million or 10% (a 13% increase on a constant currency basis). Net revenue for the year
ended June 30, 2016 includes revenue of $28.9 million from Brightree’s operations since the closing of our acquisition of Brightree. Excluding revenue attributable to Brightree, net revenue for the year ended June 30, 2016 was
$1,809.8 million, an increase of $130.9 million or 8% compared to the year ended June 30, 2015 (an 11% increase on a constant currency basis). The increase in net revenue was attributable to an increase in unit sales of our devices,
masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices. Movements in international currencies against the U.S. dollar negatively impacted net revenues by approximately $55.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2016.
       Net revenue in North and Latin America for the
year ended June 30, 2016 increased to $1,130.4 million from $962.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase of $167.7 million or 17%. Excluding revenue attributable to Brightree, net revenue in North and Latin
America increased for the year ended June 30, 2016 to $1,101.5 million, an increase of $138.8 million or 14%. The increase in net revenue in North and Latin America, excluding revenue attributable to Brightree, is primarily due to an
increase in unit sales of our devices, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices.      
 Net revenue in markets outside North and Latin America decreased for the year ended June 30, 2016 to $708.3 million from
$716.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2015, a decrease of $7.9 million or 1% (a 6% increase on a constant currency basis). The constant currency increase in sales outside North and Latin America predominantly reflects an increase
in unit sales of our devices, masks and accessories, partially offset by a decline in average selling prices.      
 Net revenue from devices for the year ended June 30, 2016 increased to $1,064.2 million from $975.9 million for the year
ended June 30, 2015, an increase of $88.3 million or 9%, including an increase of 19% in North and Latin America and a decrease of 1% outside North and Latin America (a 6% increase on a constant currency basis). Net revenue from masks and
other accessories for the year ended June 30, 2016 increased to $745.6 million from $703.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase of 6%, including an increase of 10% in North and Latin America and a decrease of 2%
outside North and Latin America (a 5% increase on a constant currency basis). Excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, device sales for the year ended June 30, 2016 increased by 13%, and masks and accessories sales increased by 9%,
compared to the year ended June 30, 2015.  
      - 50 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table summarizes the percentage movements in our net revenue, excluding
revenue attributable to Brightree following the closing of our acquisition, for the year ended June 30, 2016 compared to the year ended June 30, 2015:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 North and Latin America 
   
   
 Markets outside North and Latin America 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Markets outside North and Latin America (Constant Currency)* 
   
   
   Total 
 (Constant Currency)* 
   


 
   Devices 
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 -1 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Masks and other accessories 
    
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
 
 Total 
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 -1 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
       *  Constant currency numbers exclude the impact of movements in international currencies.      
 Gross Profit.      Gross profit increased for the year ended June 30, 2016 to $1,066.5 million
from $1,011.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase of $55.1 million or 5%. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenue was 58.0% for the year ended June 30, 2016, compared with the 60.2% for the year ended
June 30, 2015. The decline in gross margins was primarily due to an unfavorable product mix as sales of our lower margin products represented a higher proportion of our sales, declines in our average selling prices and an unfavorable geographic
mix with sales in our lower margin geographic areas representing a higher proportion of our overall sales.      
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.      Selling, general and administrative expenses increased
for the year ended June 30, 2016 to $488.1 million from $478.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase of $9.4 million or 2%. The selling, general and administrative expenses, as reported in U.S. dollars, were
favorably impacted by the movement of international currencies against the U.S. dollar, which decreased our expenses by approximately $25.6 million. Excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, selling, general and administrative
expenses for the year ended June 30, 2016 increased by 7% compared to the year ended June 30, 2015. As a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended June 30, 2016 was 26.5%, compared to
28.5% for the year ended June 30, 2015.        The
increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to additional personnel to support our commercial activities, increased legal expenses, acquisition expenses and incremental expenses due to the inclusion of our recent
business acquisitions.        Research and
Development Expenses.     Research and development expenses increased for the year ended June 30, 2016 to $118.7 million from $114.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase of
$3.8 million or 3%. The research and development expenses were favorably impacted by the depreciation of the Australian dollar and Euro against the U.S. dollar, which decreased our expenses by approximately $13.9 million, as reported in
U.S. dollars. Excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, research and development expenses for the year ended June 30, 2016 increased by 15% compared to the year ended June 30, 2015. As a percentage of net revenue, research and
development expenses were 6.5% for the year ended June 30, 2016 compared to 6.8% for the year ended June 30, 2015.      
 The increase in research and development expenses in constant currency terms was primarily due to an increase in the number of research
and development personnel, an increase in materials and tooling costs incurred to facilitate development of new products and additional expenses associated with the consolidation of recent acquisitions.  
      - 51 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Restructuring expenses.     During the year ended June 30,
2016 we incurred restructuring expenses of $6.9 million associated with rationalizing our European research & development operations and manufacturing facilities. The restructure cost consisted primarily of severance payments and an
asset write-down of a legacy manufacturing facility.        Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets.     Amortization of acquired intangible assets for the year ended June 30, 2016 totaled $23.9 million compared to
$8.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2015. The increase in amortization expense was attributable to our acquisitions during the year, in particular Brightree, Curative Medical and Inova Labs.  
     Total other income, net.     Total
other income, net for the year ended June 30, 2016 was $10.6 million, compared with $26.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2015. The decrease in total other income, net, was due primarily to lower interest income resulting
from lower interest rates on cash balances held, an increase in interest expense due to higher borrowings and reduced foreign currency hedging gains due to the depreciation of the Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar and Euro.  
     Income Taxes.      Our
effective income tax rate increased to 19.8% for the year ended June 30, 2016 from 19.0% for the year ended June 30, 2015. During the year ended June 30, 2016, we adopted the new accounting standard, ASU
 2016-09  “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting”. As a result of adopting this standard, we recognized a tax benefit of $11.2 million. The impact of this tax benefit was offset
by an additional tax expense relating to an increase in our foreign cash repatriation to the U.S. Our effective income tax rate is affected by the geographic mix of our taxable income, including lower taxes associated with our Singapore and Malaysia
manufacturing operations. Our Singapore and Malaysia operations operate under certain tax holidays and tax incentive programs which will expire in whole or in part at various dates through June 30, 2020. As of June 30, 2016, we have not
provided for U.S. income taxes for the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. We intend for these earnings to be permanently reinvested outside the United States.  
     Net Income and Earnings per
Share.     As a result of the factors above, our net income for the year ended June 30, 2016 was $352.4 million compared to net income of $352.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2015. As a result of
lower share count due to our stock repurchases during the year ended June 30, 2016, our earnings per share for the year ended June 30, 2016 was $2.49 per diluted share compared to $2.47 per diluted share for the year ended June 30,
2015, an increase of 1% over the year ended June 30, 2015.        Liquidity and Capital Resources        As of June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $821.9 million and $731.4 million, respectively. Working capital was $1.3 billion and $0.8 billion,
at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, respectively. As of June 30, 2017, we had $1.1 billion of borrowings under our revolving credit facility agreement.  
     As of June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, our cash and
cash equivalent balances held within the United States amounted to $23.2 million and $40.9 million, respectively. Our remaining cash and cash equivalent balances at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, of $798.7 million and
$690.5 million, respectively, were held by our  non-U.S.  subsidiaries, indefinitely invested outside the United States. Our cash and cash equivalent balances are held at highly rated financial
institutions.  
      - 52 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of June 30, 2017, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings from our foreign
subsidiaries was approximately $1.5 billion, and those undistributed earnings are considered permanently reinvested. We intend to reinvest the cash and cash equivalents of those entities whose undistributed earnings are permanently reinvested
in our international operations. We reassess our reinvestment intentions each reporting period and currently believe that we have sufficient sources of liquidity to support our assertion that the undistributed earnings held by foreign subsidiaries
may be considered to be reinvested permanently. If these earnings had not been permanently reinvested, deferred taxes of approximately $358 million would have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements.  
     We repatriated $215 million and $190 million to the
U.S. in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively, from earnings generated in each of those years. The amount of the current year foreign earnings that we have repatriated to the U.S. in the past has been determined, and the amount that we expect to
repatriate during fiscal year 2018 will be determined, based on a variety of factors, including current year earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, foreign investment needs and the cash flow needs we have in the U.S., such as for the repayment of
debt, dividend distributions, and other domestic obligations. The majority of our repatriation of foreign subsidiaries’ earnings to the U.S. has historically occurred at  year-end,  although we may
repatriate funds earlier in the year based on our business needs, as we did during the year ended June 30, 2017. When we repatriate funds to the U.S., we are required to pay taxes in the U.S. on these amounts based on applicable U.S. tax rates,
net of any foreign tax that would be allowed to be deducted or taken as a credit against U.S. income tax. We paid $24.6 million and $34.2 million in additional U.S. federal income taxes in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively, as a
result of repatriation of foreign earnings generated in those years.        Inventories at June 30, 2017 increased by $43.9 million or 20% to $268.3 million compared to June 30, 2016 inventories of $224.5 million. The increase in inventories was required
to support our revenue growth and new product introductions.        Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, at June 30, 2017 were $450.5 million, an increase of $68.4 million or 18% over the June 30, 2016 accounts receivable
balance of $382.1 million. Accounts receivable days sales outstanding of 68 days at June 30, 2017 increased by 5 days compared to 63 days at June 30, 2016. Our allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of total accounts
receivable at June 30, 2017 and 2016 was 2.4% and 3.2%, respectively. We believe the credit quality of our customers remains broadly consistent with our past experience.  
     During the year ended June 30, 2017, we generated cash
of $414.1 million from operations. This was lower than the cash generated from operations for the year ended June 30, 2016 of $547.9 million, which was primarily due to the increase in accounts receivable and corporate income tax
payments. Movements in foreign currency exchange rates during the year ended June 30, 2017 had the effect of increasing our cash and cash equivalents by $21.2 million, as reported in U.S. dollars. During fiscal year 2016, we temporarily
suspended our share repurchase program due to acquisitions. Accordingly, we did not purchase any shares during fiscal year 2017. During fiscal year 2016, we repurchased 1.9 million shares at a cost of $102.1 million. During fiscal years
2017 and 2016, we also paid dividends totaling $186.3 million and $168.1 million, respectively.  
      - 53 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Details of contractual obligations at June 30, 2017 are as follows (in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Payments Due by Fiscal Year 
   
 
 In $000’s 
   
 Total 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2019 
   
   
 2020 
   
   
 2021 
   
   
 2022 
   
   
 Thereafter 
   


 
 Long Term Debt 
   
 $ 
 1,080,000 
   
   
 $ 
 - 
   
   
 $ 
 1,080,000 
   
   
 $ 
 - 
   
   
 $ 
 - 
   
   
 $ 
 - 
   
   
 $ 
 - 
   
 
 Interest on Long Term Debt 
   
   
 39,843 
   
   
   
 29,882 
   
   
   
 9,961 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
 Operating Leases 
   
   
 58,243 
   
   
   
 19,232 
   
   
   
 14,208 
   
   
   
 7,912 
   
   
   
 5,030 
   
   
   
 4,009 
   
   
   
 7,852 
   
 
 Capital Leases 
   
   
 488 
   
   
   
 244 
   
   
   
 133 
   
   
   
 111 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
 Purchase Obligations 
   
   
 226,272 
   
   
   
 226,272 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
 Total 
   
 $ 
 1,404,846 
   
   
 $ 
 275,630 
   
   
 $ 
 1,104,302 
   
   
 $ 
 8,023 
   
   
 $ 
 5,030 
   
   
 $ 
 4,009 
   
   
 $ 
 7,852 
   
       Details of other
commercial commitments at June 30, 2017 are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Fiscal Year 
   
 
 In $000’s 
    
 Total 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2020 
   
    
 2021 
   
    
 2022 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   


 
   Standby Letter of Credit 
    
 $ 
 12,406 
   
    
 $ 
 9,054 
   
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 3,352 
   
 
   Guarantees* 
    
 $ 
 12,783 
   
    
 $ 
 45 
   
    
 $ 
 1,234 
   
    
 $ 
 47 
   
    
 $ 
 39 
   
    
 $ 
 20 
   
    
 $ 
 11,398 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 25,189 
   
    
 $ 
 9,099 
   
    
 $ 
 1,234 
   
    
 $ 
 47 
   
    
 $ 
 39 
   
    
 $ 
 20 
   
    
 $ 
 14,750 
   
       * These guarantees mainly relate to requirements under contractual obligations with insurance companies transacting with our German subsidiaries and guarantees provided under our
facility leasing obligations.        Refer to Note 19
Legal Actions and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for details of our contingent obligations under recourse provisions.      
 Segment Information      
 We have determined that we predominantly operate in a single operating segment, which is the sleep and respiratory disorders sector of the
medical device industry. Due to the acquisition of Brightree LLC in April 2016, our operations now include the supply of business management software and services to medical equipment and home health providers. However, these operations, both in
terms of revenue and profit, are not material to our global operations and therefore have not been separately reported as a segment. See Note 15 – Segment Information of the Notes to Financial Statements (Part II, Item 8) for
financial information regarding segment reporting. Financial information about our revenues from and assets located in foreign countries is also included in the Notes to our consolidated financial statements.  
      - 54 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Credit Facility  
     On October 31, 2013, we entered into a revolving credit
agreement, as borrower, with lenders, including Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger, swing line lender and letters of credit issuer, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger,
providing for a revolving credit facility of $700 million, with an uncommitted option to increase the revolving credit facility by an additional $300 million. On April 4, 2016, in connection with our acquisition of Brightree LLC
(“Brightree”), we entered into a first amendment to the revolving credit agreement to increase the size of the revolving credit facility from $700 million to $1 billion, with an uncommitted option to increase the revolving credit
facility by an additional $300 million, and to make other modifications to provide for the acquisition of Brightree. On January 9, 2017, we entered into a second amendment to our agreement with our existing lenders, including MUFG Union
Bank, N.A. as successor in interest to Union Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Joint Lead Arranger, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer; and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Syndication Agent and Joint Lead Arranger. The second amendment,
among other things, increases the size of our senior unsecured revolving credit facility from $1.0 billion to $1.3 billion, with an uncommitted option to increase the revolving credit facility by an additional $300 million. The credit
facility terminates on October 31, 2018, when all unpaid principal and interest under the loans must be repaid. The outstanding principal amount due under the credit facility will bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.0% to 2.0%
(depending on the then-applicable leverage ratio). At June 30, 2017, the interest rate that was being charged on the outstanding principal amount was 2.7%. A commitment fee of 0.15% to 0.25% (depending on the then-applicable leverage ratio)
applies on the unused portion of the credit facility. The credit facility also includes a $25 million sublimit for letters of credit.      
 Our obligations under the revolving credit agreement (as amended) are unsecured but are guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect
U. S. subsidiaries, including ResMed Corp.; ResMed Motor Technologies Inc.; Birdie Inc.; Inova Labs, Inc.; Brightree LLC; Brightree Services LLC; Brightree Home Health & Hospice LLC; and Strategic AR LLC, under an unconditional guaranty.
The credit agreement contains customary covenants, including certain financial covenants and an obligation that we maintain certain financial ratios, including a maximum leverage ratio of funded debt to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement)
and an interest coverage ratio.        At June 30,
2017, we were in compliance with our debt covenants and there was $1,080.0 million outstanding under the revolving credit facility.      
 We expect to satisfy all of our liquidity and long-term debt requirements through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated from
operations and debt facilities.        Term Loan
       On April 4, 2016, in connection with
the Brightree acquisition, we also entered into a credit agreement, or the “term loan credit agreement”, providing a $300 million senior unsecured  one-year  term loan credit facility. The
proceeds from the funding of the term loan credit facility were used to pay a portion of the acquisition consideration for the Brightree acquisition, as well as to pay fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition, the amendment to the
revolving credit agreement and the term loan credit agreement. On March 30, 2017 we drew down $300 million from the revolving credit facility to pay off all outstanding amounts under the term loan credit facility, in advance of the
scheduled termination of the term loan credit facility on April 3, 2017.  
      - 55 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Tax Expense  
     Our income tax rate is governed by the laws of the
jurisdictions where our income is recognized. To date, a substantial portion of our income has been subject to income tax in Australia where the statutory rate was 30% in fiscal years June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015. During fiscal years
June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our consolidated effective tax rate has fluctuated between 18% and 20%. These and future effective tax rate fluctuations resulted from and depend on numerous factors including the level of foreign earnings
repatriated to the U.S.; the geographic mix of taxable income and other tax credits and benefits available to us under applicable tax laws, including the lower statutory tax rates and incentives associated with our Singapore and Malaysia
manufacturing operations, and any future changes to tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate.      
 Critical Accounting Principles and Estimates  
     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.
We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those estimates related to allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory adjustments, warranty obligations, goodwill, impaired assets, intangible assets, income taxes, deferred tax valuation
allowances and stock-based compensation costs.        We
state these accounting policies in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements and at relevant sections in this discussion and analysis. The estimates are based on the information that is currently available to us and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could vary from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions.      
 We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of
our consolidated financial statements:      
 (1)    Allowance for Doubtful Accounts. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting
from the inability of our customers to make required payments, which results in bad debt expense. We determine the adequacy of this allowance by periodically evaluating individual customer receivables, considering a customer’s financial
condition, credit history and current economic conditions. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.  
     (2)    Inventory Adjustments. Inventories
are stated at lower of cost or market and are determined by the  first-in,   first-out  method. We review the components of inventory on a regular basis for excess, obsolete
and impaired inventory based on estimated future usage and sales. The likelihood of any material inventory write-downs depends on changes in competitive conditions, new product introductions by us or our competitors, or rapid changes in customer
demand.  
      - 56 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  (3)    Valuation of Goodwill, Intangible and Other Long-Lived Assets. We
make assumptions in establishing the carrying value, fair value and estimated lives of our goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets. Our goodwill impairment tests are performed at our reporting unit level which is one level below our
operating segment. The criteria used for these evaluations include management’s estimate of the asset’s continuing ability to generate positive income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods compared to the carrying value
of the asset, as well as the strategic significance of any identifiable intangible asset in our business objectives. If assets are considered to be impaired, we recognize as impairment the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds
their fair value. We base useful lives and related amortization or depreciation expense on our estimate of the period that the assets will generate revenues or otherwise be used by us. Factors that would influence the likelihood of a material change
in our reported results include significant changes in the asset’s ability to generate positive cash flow, loss of legal ownership or title to the asset, a significant decline in the economic and competitive environment on which the asset
depends, significant changes in our strategic business objectives, utilization of the asset, and a significant change in the economic and/or political conditions in certain countries.        We conducted our annual review for goodwill impairment during the final quarter of fiscal 2017, which indicated
that no impaired goodwill exists as the fair value for each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.      
 (4)    Income Tax. We assess our income tax positions and record tax benefits for all years subject to audit based
upon management’s evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. If we determine that it is not more likely than not that we would be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in
the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax assets would be charged to income tax expense in the period such determination is made. Alternatively, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets would be realized,
any previously provided valuation allowance is reversed. These changes to the valuation allowance and resulting increases or decreases in income tax expense may have a material effect on our operating results.  
     Our income tax returns are based on calculations and
assumptions subject to audit by various tax authorities. In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Although currently immaterial, we recognize liabilities for
uncertain tax positions based on a  two-step  process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon
settlement. While we believe we have appropriate support for the positions taken on our tax returns, we regularly assess the potential outcomes of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Based
on our regular assessment, we may adjust the income tax provision, income taxes payable and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts that give rise to a revision become known.        (5)    Provision for Warranty. We provide for the estimated cost of product warranties at
the time the related revenue is recognized. We determine the amount of this provision by using a financial model, which takes into consideration actual historical expenses and potential risks associated with our different products. We use this
financial model to calculate the future probable expenses related to warranty and the required level of the warranty provision. Although we engage in product improvement programs and processes, our warranty obligation is affected by product failure
rates and costs incurred to correct those product failures. Should actual product failure rates or estimated costs to repair those product failures differ from our estimates, we would be required to revise our estimated warranty provision.
 
      - 57 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  (6)    Revenue Recognition. We generally record revenue on product sales
at the time of shipment, which is when title transfers to the customer. We initially defer service revenue received in advance from service contracts and recognize that deferred revenue ratably over the life of the service contract. We initially
defer revenue we receive in advance from rental unit contracts and recognize that deferred revenue ratably over the life of the rental contract. Otherwise, we recognize revenue from rental unit contracts ratably over the life of the rental contract.
We include in revenue freight charges we bill to customers. We charge all freight-related expenses to cost of sales. Taxes assessed by government authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with revenue-producing transactions, such as sales and
value added taxes, are excluded from revenue.        We
do not normally offer a right of return or other recourse with respect to the sale of our products, other than returns for product defects or other warranty claims. We do not recognize revenues if we offer a right of return or variable sale prices
for subsequent events or activities. However, as part of our sales processes we may provide upfront discounts for large orders,  one-time  special pricing to support new product introductions, sales rebates for
centralized purchasing entities or price-breaks for regular order volumes. We record the costs of all such programs as an adjustment to revenue at the time the related revenue is recognized. Our products are predominantly therapy-based equipment and
require no installation. Therefore, we have no significant installation obligations. For multiple-element arrangements, we allocate arrangement consideration to the deliverables by use of the relative selling price method. The selling price used for
each deliverable is based on vendor-specific objective evidence.        We also generate revenue from time-based licensing of our software and associated services. In most instances, revenue is generated under sales agreements with multiple elements comprising subscription
fees and professional services, which typically have contract terms of one to three years. We evaluate each element in these multiple-element arrangements to determine whether they represent a separate unit of accounting and recognize each element
as the services are performed.      
 (7)    Stock-Based Compensation. We measure the compensation cost of all stock-based awards at fair value on the date
of grant. We recognize that value as compensation expense over the service period, net of estimated forfeitures. We estimate the fair value of employee stock options and purchase rights granted using a Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value
of an award is affected by our stock price on the date of grant as well as other assumptions including the estimated volatility of our stock price over the term of the awards, the expected dividend per share and the expected life of the awards. The
risk-free interest rate assumption we use is based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve at the time of grant appropriate for the expected life of the awards. Expected volatilities are based on a combination of historical volatilities of our stock and
the implied volatilities from tradeable options of our stock corresponding to the expected term of the options. We use a combination of the historic and implied volatilities as the addition of the implied volatility is more representative of our
future stock price trends. While there is a tradeable market of options on our common stock, less emphasis is placed on the implied volatility of these options due to the relative low volumes of these traded options and the difference in the terms
compared to our employee options. In order to determine the estimated period of time that we expect employees to hold their stock options, we use historical rates by employee groups. The estimation of stock awards that will ultimately vest requires
judgment, and to the extent actual results differ from our estimates, such amounts will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. The aforementioned inputs entered into the Black-Scholes valuation model we use to
fair value our stock awards are subjective estimates and changes to these estimates will cause the fair value of our stock awards and related stock-based compensation expense we record to vary.  
     We estimate the fair value of restricted stock units based on
the market value of the underlying shares as determined at the grant date less the fair value of dividends that holders are not entitled to, during the vesting period. We estimate the weighted average grant date fair value of performance restricted
stock units, or PRSUs, which contain a market condition, using a Monte-Carlo simulation valuation model.  
      - 58 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
     See Note 3 – New Accounting Pronouncements to the
consolidated financial statements for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on our results of operations, financial positions and cash flows.  
     Off-Balance  Sheet
Arrangements        As of June 30, 2017, we
are not involved in any significant  off-balance  sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of  Regulation S-K  promulgated by the SEC.  
   
 
 
 I TEM  7A 
 Q UANTITATIVE   AND  Q UALITATIVE  D ISCLOSURES  A BOUT  M ARKET   AND 
B USINESS  R ISKS         Foreign Currency Market Risk        Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, although the financial statements of our  non-U.S.  subsidiaries are maintained in their respective local currencies. We
transact business in various foreign currencies, including a number of major European currencies as well as the Australian dollar. We have significant foreign currency exposure through both our Australian and Singapore manufacturing activities and
international sales operations. We have established a foreign currency hedging program using purchased currency options and forward contracts to hedge foreign-currency-denominated financial assets, liabilities and manufacturing cash flows. The goal
of this hedging program is to economically manage the financial impact of foreign currency exposures predominantly denominated in euros, Australian dollars and Singapore dollars. Under this program, increases or decreases in our
foreign-currency-denominated financial assets, liabilities, and firm commitments are partially offset by gains and losses on the hedging instruments. We do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The foreign
currency derivatives portfolio is recorded in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value and included in Other assets current, Other assets  non-current,  Accrued expenses and Other liabilities  non-current.  All movements in the fair value of the foreign currency derivatives are recorded within Other income, net, on our consolidated statements of income.  
      - 59 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below provides information (in U.S. dollars) on our significant
foreign-currency-denominated financial assets by legal entity functional currency as of June 30, 2017 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Australian Dollar (AUD) 
   
   
 U.S. Dollar (USD) 
   
   
 Euro (EUR) 
   
   
 Canadian Dollar (CAD) 
   
   
 Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) 
   
    
 Great Britain Pound (GBP) 
   
    
 Chinese Yuan (CNY) 
   


 
   AUD Functional: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Assets 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 267,296 
   
   
   
 155,925 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 5,046 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 14,560 
   
 
   Liability 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (107,348 
 )  
   
   
 (101,173 
 )  
   
   
 (710 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (6,750 
 )  
    
   
 (625 
 )  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Hedges 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (182,000 
 )  
   
   
 (78,808 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (4,658 
 )  
    
   
 6,512 
   
    
   
 (13,271 
 )  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net Total 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (22,052 
 )  
   
   
 (24,056 
 )  
   
   
 (710 
 )  
   
   
 388 
   
    
   
 (238 
 )  
    
   
 664 
   
 
   USD Functional: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Assets 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 20,035 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 8,042 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   Liability 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (2,035 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (7,897 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Hedges 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (13,880 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net Total 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 4,120 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 145 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   EURO Functional: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Assets 
    
   
 68 
   
   
   
 399 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 2,582 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   Liability 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (6,345 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (265 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Hedges 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (2,605 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net Total 
    
   
 67 
   
   
   
 (5,946 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (288 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
 
   GBP Functional: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Assets 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 461 
   
   
   
 85,941 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   Liability 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (816 
 )  
   
   
 (81,269 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Hedges 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net Total 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (355 
 )  
   
   
 4,672 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   SGD Functional: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Assets 
    
   
 717 
   
   
   
 185,376 
   
   
   
 90,193 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 275 
   
 
   Liability 
    
   
 (2,120 
 )  
   
   
 (24,459 
 )  
   
   
 (41,912 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   Foreign Currency Hedges 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (118,000 
 )  
   
   
 (45,686 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net Total 
    
   
 (1,403 
 )  
   
   
 42,917 
   
   
   
 2,595 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 275 
   
 
      - 60 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The table below provides information about our foreign currency derivative financial
instruments and presents the information in U.S. dollar equivalents. The table summarizes information on instruments and transactions that are sensitive to foreign currency exchange rates, including foreign currency call options, collars and forward
contracts held at June 30, 2017. The table presents the notional amounts and weighted average exchange rates by contractual maturity dates for our foreign currency derivative financial instruments. These notional amounts generally are used to
calculate payments to be exchanged under the options contracts (in thousands, except exchange rates):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Foreign Exchange Contracts 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Fair Value 
 Assets / 
 (Liabilities) 
 
   
 FY 2018 
   
 FY 2019 
   
 FY 2020 
   
 Total 
   
 June 30, 2017 
   
 June 30, 2016 


 
   Receive AUD/Pay USD 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 182,000 
   
 - 
   
 - 
   
 182,000 
   
 1,499 
   
 1,262 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange rate 
   
 AUD 1 = USD 0.7615 
   
   
   
   
   
 AUD 1 = USD 0.7615 
   
   
   
   
 
   Receive AUD/Pay Euro 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 113,070 
   
 45,690 
   
 22,840 
   
 181,600 
   
 1,191 
   
 2,325 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange rate 
   
 AUD 1 = Euro 0.6742 
   
 AUD 1 = Euro 0.6687 
   
 AUD 1 = Euro 0.6747 
   
 AUD 1 = Euro 0. 6729 
   
   
   
   
 
   Receive SGD/Pay Euro 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 45,686 
   
 - 
   
 - 
   
 45,686 
   
 103 
   
 35 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange rate 
   
 SGD 1 = Euro 0. 6344 
   
   
   
   
   
 SGD 1 = Euro 0. 6344 
   
   
   
   
 
   Receive SGD/Pay USD 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 118,000 
   
 - 
   
 - 
   
 118,000 
   
 45 
   
 792 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange rate 
   
 SGD 1 = USD 0.7268 
   
   
   
   
   
 SGD 1 = USD 0.7268 
   
   
   
   
 
   Receive GBP/Pay AUD 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 6,512 
   
 - 
   
 - 
   
 6,512 
   
 17 
   
 (120) 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange rate 
   
 GBP 1 = AUD 0.59 
   
   
   
   
   
 GBP 1 = AUD 0.59 
   
   
   
   
 
   Receive EUR/Pay GBP 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 2,605 
   
 - 
   
 - 
   
 2,605 
   
 (8) 
   
 11 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange rate 
   
 EUR 1 = GBP 0.8795 
   
   
   
   
   
 EUR 1 = GBP 0.8795 
   
   
   
   
 
   Receive AUD/Pay CNY 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 13,271 
   
 - 
   
 - 
   
 13,271 
   
 18 
   
 (24) 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange rate 
   
 AUD 1 = CNY 5.2202 
   
   
   
   
   
 AUD 1 = CNY 5.2202 
   
   
   
   
 
   Receive USD/Pay CAD 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 13,880 
   
 - 
   
 - 
   
 13,880 
   
 (45) 
   
 (96) 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange rate 
   
 USD 1 = CAD 1.3010 
   
   
   
   
   
 USD 1 = CAD 1.3010 
   
   
   
   
 
   Receive AUD/Pay MYR 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Contract amount 
   
 4,658 
   
   
   
   
   
 4,658 
   
 (60) 
   
 - 
 
   Ave. contractual exchange
rate 
   
 AUD 1 = MYR 3.3433 
   
   
   
   
   
 AUD 1 = MYR 3.3433 
   
   
   
   
 
      - 61 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Interest Rate Risk        We are exposed to risk associated with changes in interest rates affecting the return on our cash and cash
equivalents and debt. At June 30, 2017, we held cash and cash equivalents of $821.9 million principally comprising of bank term deposits and  at-call  accounts and are invested at both short-term fixed
interest rates and variable interest rates. At June 30, 2017, we had total borrowings of $1,078.6 million, comprising a revolving credit balance, which is subject to variable interest rates. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates
during the year ended June 30, 2017, would not have had a material impact on pretax income. We have no interest rate hedging agreements.      
 
 
 I TEM  8 
 C ONSOLIDATED  F INANCIAL  S TATEMENTS   AND  S UPPLEMENTARY  D ATA 
       The information required by
this Item is incorporated by reference to the financial statements set forth in Item 15 of Part IV of this report, “Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules.”      
 
 
   
 a) 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 F1 
   
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2017 and 2016 
    
   
 F2 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 

    
   
 F3 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and
2015 
    
   
 F4 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and
2015 
    
   
 F5 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and
2015 
    
   
 F6 
   
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 F7 
   
 
   Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
    
   
   
   
     
 
 
   
 b) 
 Supplementary Data      
 Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited) – The quarterly results for the years ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 are summarized
below (in thousands, except per share amounts):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2017 
    
 First Quarter 
   
    
 Second Quarter 
   
    
 Third Quarter 
   
    
 Fourth Quarter 
   
    
 Fiscal Year 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 465,450 
   
    
 $ 
 530,397 
   
    
 $ 
 514,204 
   
    
 $ 
 556,686 
   
    
 $ 
 2,066,737 
   
 
   Gross profit 
    
   
 269,184 
   
    
   
 309,071 
   
    
   
 299,714 
   
    
   
 323,776 
   
    
   
 1,201,745 
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 76,107 
   
    
   
 76,743 
   
    
   
 87,823 
   
    
   
 101,613 
   
    
   
 342,284 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
   
 0.54 
   
    
   
 0.54 
   
    
   
 0.62 
   
    
   
 0.72 
   
    
   
 2.42 
   
 
   Diluted earnings per
share 
    
   
 0.54 
   
    
   
 0.54 
   
    
   
 0.62 
   
    
   
 0.71 
   
    
   
 2.40 
   
 
 2016 
    
 First Quarter 
   
    
 Second Quarter 
   
    
 Third Quarter 
   
    
 Fourth Quarter 
   
    
 Fiscal Year 
   
 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 411,647 
   
    
 $ 
 454,540 
   
    
 $ 
 453,879 
   
    
 $ 
 518,647 
   
    
 $ 
 1,838,713 
   
 
   Gross profit 
    
   
 238,619 
   
    
   
 266,509 
   
    
   
 259,880 
   
    
   
 301,489 
   
    
   
 1,066,497 
   
 
   Net income* 
    
   
 82,916 
   
    
   
 95,576 
   
    
   
 90,791 
   
    
   
 83,126 
   
    
   
 352,409 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
   Basic earnings per share* 
    
   
 0.59 
   
    
   
 0.68 
   
    
   
 0.65 
   
    
   
 0.59 
   
    
   
 2.51 
   
 
   Diluted earnings per
share* 
    
   
 0.58 
   
    
   
 0.68 
   
    
   
 0.64 
   
    
   
 0.59 
   
    
   
 2.49 
   
   Note: the amounts for each quarter are computed independently, and, due to the computation formula,
the sum of the four quarters may not equal the year.        * The above amounts have been restated to reflect the adoption of ASU  2016-09  “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting” during the year
ended June 30, 2016. Under this standard, we are required to report the impact as though the standard had been adopted on July 1, 2015, the beginning of our fiscal year, and to reflect the tax benefit as a discrete item within each of the
respective interim reporting periods.  
      - 62 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 I TEM  9 
 C HANGES   IN   AND  D ISAGREEMENTS   WITH  A CCOUNTANTS   ON 
A CCOUNTING   AND  F INANCIAL  D ISCLOSURE       
 None.      
 
 
 I TEM  9A 
 C ONTROLS   AND  P ROCEDURES   
     We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.        As required by SEC Rule  13a-15(b),  we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2017. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of June 30, 2017.      
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      - 63 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  M ANAGEMENT ’ S  R EPORT   ON 
I NTERNAL  C ONTROL  O VER  F INANCIAL  R EPORTING       
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in  Rules 13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Our internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:      
 
 
   
 (i) 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
     
 
 
   
 (ii) 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and      
 
 
   
 (iii) 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements.        Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.      
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2017. In making this
assessment, management used the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management’s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our
internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with the audit committee of our board of directors.
       Based on that assessment under the framework in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), management concluded that the company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2017.  
     KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, who
audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of ResMed, Inc. included in this report, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.  
      - 64 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R EPORT   OF  I NDEPENDENT 
R EGISTERED  P UBLIC  A CCOUNTING  F IRM         The Board of Directors and Stockholders    ResMed Inc.:  
     We have audited ResMed Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting
as of June 30, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). ResMed Inc.’s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying  Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.      
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.        A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.        Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
       In our opinion, ResMed Inc. maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
       We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of ResMed Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2017, and our report dated August 3, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.  
     /s/ KPMG LLP      
 


 
 


 
 San Diego, California 
 
 August 3, 2017 
 
      - 65 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 I TEM  9B 
 O THER  I NFORMATION       
 None.  
      - 66 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    PART III
     
 
 
 I TEM  10 
 D IRECTORS , E XECUTIVE  O FFICERS   AND  C ORPORATE  G OVERNANCE 
       Information required by this
Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our November 15, 2017, annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after June 30, 2017.
       We have filed as exhibits to this annual report
on  Form 10-K  for the year ended June 30, 2017, the certifications of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
     
 
 
 I TEM  11 
 E XECUTIVE  C OMPENSATION       
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our November 15, 2017, annual
meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after June 30, 2017.      
 
 
 I TEM  12 
 S ECURITY  O WNERSHIP   OF  C ERTAIN  B ENEFICIAL  O WNERS   AND 
M ANAGEMENT   AND  R ELATED  S TOCKHOLDER  M ATTERS       
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our November 15, 2017, annual
meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after June 30, 2017.      
 
 
 I TEM  13 
 C ERTAIN  R ELATIONSHIPS   AND  R ELATED  T RANSACTIONS ,  AND  D IRECTOR 
I NDEPENDENCE       
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our November 15, 2017, annual
meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after June 30, 2017.      
 
 
 I TEM  14 
 P RINCIPAL  A CCOUNTING  F EES   AND  S ERVICES   
     Information required by this Item is incorporated by
reference from our definitive proxy statement for our November 15, 2017, annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after June 30, 2017.  
      - 67 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

    PART IV
     
 
 
 I TEM  15 
 E XHIBITS   AND  C ONSOLIDATED  F INANCIAL  S TATEMENT  S CHEDULES 
       The following documents are
filed as part of this report:      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 (a) 
   
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules – The index to our consolidated financial statements and schedules are set forth in the “Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements” under Item 8 of this report. 
 
 
 
 
 (b) 
   
 Exhibit Lists 
 
 
 
 
 2.1 
   
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 19, 2016, by and among ResMed Corp., Eagle Acquisition Sub LLC, Brightree LLC, Shareholder Representative Services LLC and
ResMed Inc. (18)** 
 
 
 
 
 3.1 
   
 First Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ResMed Inc., as amended. (16) 
 
 
 
 
 3.2 
   
 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of ResMed
Inc. (13) 
 
 
 
 
 4.1 
   
 Form of certificate evidencing shares of Common
Stock. (1) 
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
   
 Licensing Agreement between the University of Sydney and ResMed Ltd dated May 17, 1991, as amended. (1) 
 
 
 
 
 10.2* 
   
 ResMed Inc. 2006 Incentive Award
Plan. (6) 
 
 
 
 
 10.3* 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to the ResMed Inc. 2006 Incentive Award Plan. (3) 
 
 
 
 
 10.4* 
   
 2006 Grant agreement for Board of
Directors. (3) 
 
 
 
 
 10.5* 
   
 2006 Grant agreement for Executive
Officers. (5) 
 
 
 
 
 10.6* 
   
 2006 Grant agreement for Australian Executive Officers. (5) 
 
 
 
 
 10.7* 
   
 Form of Executive Agreement. (4) 
 
 
 
 
 10.8* 
   
 Amended and Restated 2006 Incentive Award Plan dated November 20, 2008. (7) 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
   
 Form of Indemnification Agreements for our directors and officers. (8) 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
   
 Form of Access Agreement for
directors. (8) 
 
 
 
 
 10.11* 
   
 Updated Form of Executive
Agreement. (2)(12) 
 
 
 
 
 10.12 
   
 ResMed Inc. 2009 Incentive Award
Plan. (9) 
 
 
 
 
 10.13 
   
 ResMed Inc. 2009 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan. (9) 
 
 
 
 
 10.14 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to the ResMed Inc. 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (14) 
 
 
 
 
 10.15 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Award
Agreement. (9) 
 
 
 
 
 10.16 
   
 ResMed Inc. Deferred Compensation
Plan. (10) 
 
 
 
 
 10.17 
   
 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2013, among ResMed Inc., the lenders Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger, swing line lender and letters
of credit issuer and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger. (17) 
      - 68 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 10.18 
   
   
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of April 4, 2016, by and among ResMed, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint
lead arranger, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger. (19) 
 
 
 
 
   
 10.19 
   
   
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of January 9, 2017, among ResMed Inc., as borrower, the lenders, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as successor in interest to Union Bank,
N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger. (22) 
 
 
 
 
   
 10.20 
   
   
 Term Loan Credit Agreement dated April 4, 2016, among ResMed Inc., as borrower, the lenders, Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger and joint book
runner, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as joint lead arranger and joint book runner and HSBC Bank Australia Limited, as joint lead arranger and joint book runner. (20) 
 
 
 
 
   
 10.21 
   
   
 Unconditional Guaranty entered into as of April 4, 2016, by each of ResMed Corp., ResMed Motor Technologies Inc., Birdie Inc., Inova Labs, Inc., Brightree LLC, Brightree
Services LLC, Brightree Home Health & Hospice LLC and Strategic AR LLC., in favor of Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. (21) 
 
 
 
 
   
 10.22 
   
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers. (11) 
 
 
 
 
   
 10.23 
   
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Directors. (11) 
 
 
 
 
   
 10.24 
   
   
 Form of Stock Option Grant for Executive
Officers. (11) 
 
 
 
 
   
 10.25 
   
   
 Form of Stock Option Grant for
Directors. (11) 
 
 
 
 
   
 10.26 
   
   
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers. (15) 
 
 
 
 
   
 21.1 
   
   
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant.  (23) 
 
 
 
 
   
 23.1 
   
   
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.  (23) 
 
 
 
 
   
 31.1 
   
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  (23) 
 
 
 
 
   
 31.2 
   
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  (23) 
 
 
 
 
   
 32.1 
   
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  (23) 
 
 
 
 
   
 101 
   
   
   The following materials from ResMed Inc.’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) related notes. 
   
   * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement  
 ** Exhibits and schedules have been omitted as authorized by Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation  S-K.  The
Registrant will supplementally furnish copies of any of the omitted exhibits and schedules if the SEC requests; provided, however, that the Registrant may request confidential treatment for any exhibits or schedules it furnishes, under Rule  24b-2  of the Exchange Act.    (1)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form  S-1  (No.
 33-91094)  declared effective on June 1, 1995.    (2)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended June 30, 2009.  
 (3)  Incorporated by reference to the
Registrant’s Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended December 31, 2006.    (4)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on
July 13, 2007.  
      - 69 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 (5)  Incorporated by reference to the
Registrant’s Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended June 30, 2007.    (6)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on
November 15, 2006.    (7) 
Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on October 15, 2008.    (8)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on
June 24, 2009.    (9) 
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on November 23, 2009.    (10)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on
May 25, 2010.    (11) 
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2011.  
 (12)  Incorporated by reference to the
Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on July 2, 2012.    (13)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K/A  filed on September 17, 2012.  
 (14)  Incorporated by reference to Appendix
A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on October 4, 2012.    (15)  Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on November 21, 2012.  
 (16)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
3.1 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30, 2013    (17)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to the Registrant’s Report on Form
 8-K  filed on November 5, 2013    (18)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on February 22, 2016.  
 (19)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on August 10, 2017.    (20)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Report on Form
 8-K  filed on April 4, 2016.    (21)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on April 4, 2016.  
 (22)  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on January 12, 2017.    (23)  Filed with this report.     
      - 70 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 I TEM  16 
 F ORM   10-K  S UMMARY         None.  
      - 71 -
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R EPORT   OF 
I NDEPENDENT  R EGISTERED  P UBLIC  A CCOUNTING  F IRM       
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders    ResMed
Inc.:        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of ResMed Inc. (and subsidiaries) as of June 30, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the  three-year  period ended June 30, 2017. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited financial statement schedule II. These consolidated   financial
statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.
       We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.        In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of ResMed Inc. (and subsidiaries) as of June 30, 2017 and
2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the  three-year  period ended June 30, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.  
     We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), ResMed Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated August 3, 2017, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting of ResMed Inc.  
     /s/ KPMG LLP
   San Diego, California  
 August 3, 2017  
    
 - F1 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R ESMED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 June 30, 2017 and 2016    (In thousands, except share and per share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 
30, 2017 
   
   
 June 
30, 2016 
   


 
   Assets 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Current assets: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 821,935 
   
   
 $ 
 731,434 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $11,150 and $12,555 at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016,
respectively 
    
   
 450,530 
   
   
   
 382,086 
   
 
   Inventories (note 5) 
    
   
 268,319 
   
   
   
 224,456 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 103,219 
   
   
   
 81,743 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 1,644,003 
   
   
   
 1,419,719 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-current  assets: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net (note 6) 
    
   
 394,241 
   
   
   
 384,276 
   
 
   Goodwill (note 7) 
    
   
 1,064,874 
   
   
   
 1,059,245 
   
 
   Other intangible assets, net (note 7) 
    
   
 261,800 
   
   
   
 299,808 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes (note 14) 
    
   
 61,503 
   
   
   
 55,496 
   
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 42,066 
   
   
   
 38,161 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total  non-current  assets 
    
   
 1,824,484 
   
   
   
 1,836,986 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 3,468,487 
   
   
 $ 
 3,256,705 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Accounts payable 
    
 $ 
 92,763 
   
   
 $ 
 92,571 
   
 
   Accrued expenses (note 9) 
    
   
 186,295 
   
   
   
 156,805 
   
 
   Deferred revenue 
    
   
 51,918 
   
   
   
 50,009 
   
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 29,150 
   
   
   
 39,166 
   
 
   Short-term debt (note 11) 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 299,438 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 360,126 
   
   
   
 637,989 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-current  liabilities: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Deferred revenue 
    
   
 53,235 
   
   
   
 40,281 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes (note 14) 
    
   
 13,822 
   
   
   
 9,061 
   
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
    
   
 2,427 
   
   
   
 1,211 
   
 
   Long-term debt (note 11) 
    
   
 1,078,611 
   
   
   
 873,332 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total  non-current  liabilities 
    
   
 1,148,095 
   
   
   
 923,885 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 1,508,221 
   
   
   
 1,561,874 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies (notes 18 and 19) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Stockholders’ equity: (note 12) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized; none issued 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Common stock, $0.004 par value, 350,000,000 shares; 183,260,958 issued and 142,174,724 outstanding at June 30, 2017 and
181,747,157 issued and 140,660,923 outstanding at June 30, 2016 
    
   
 569 
   
   
   
 563 
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 1,379,130 
   
   
   
 1,303,238 
   
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 2,316,237 
   
   
   
 2,160,299 
   
 
   Treasury stock, at cost, 41,086,234 shares at June 30, 2017, and 41,086,234 shares at June 30, 2016 
    
   
 (1,546,611 
 )  
   
   
 (1,546,611 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
   
 (189,059 
 )  
   
   
 (222,658 
 )  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 1,960,266 
   
   
   
 1,694,831 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 3,468,487 
   
   
 $ 
 3,256,705 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
       See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
    
 - F2 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R ESMED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Consolidated Statements of Income  
 Years Ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015    (In thousands, except per share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
   
 June 30, 2016 
   
   
 June 30, 2015 
   


 
   Net revenue 
    
 $ 
 2,066,737 
   
   
 $ 
 1,838,713 
   
   
 $ 
 1,678,912 
   
 
   Cost of sales (excluding amortization of acquired intangible assets) 
    
   
 864,992 
   
   
   
 772,216 
   
   
   
 667,516 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Gross profit 
    
   
 1,201,745 
   
   
   
 1,066,497 
   
   
   
 1,011,396 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating expenses: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
    
   
 553,968 
   
   
   
 488,057 
   
   
   
 478,627 
   
 
   Research and development 
    
   
 144,467 
   
   
   
 118,651 
   
   
   
 114,865 
   
 
   Restructuring expenses (note 23) 
    
   
 12,358 
   
   
   
 6,914 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Litigation settlement expenses (note 24) 
    
   
 8,500 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Acquisition related expenses (note 20) 
    
   
 10,076 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Amortization of acquired intangible assets 
    
   
 46,578 
   
   
   
 23,923 
   
   
   
 8,668 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 775,947 
   
   
   
 637,545 
   
   
   
 602,160 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 425,798 
   
   
   
 428,952 
   
   
   
 409,236 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Other income, net: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 17,085 
   
   
   
 16,860 
   
   
   
 26,208 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (28,236 
 )  
   
   
 (11,206 
 )  
   
   
 (5,778 
 )  
 
   Other, net (note 13) 
    
   
 4,096 
   
   
   
 4,960 
   
   
   
 6,250 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total other income, net 
    
   
 (7,055 
 )  
   
   
 10,614 
   
   
   
 26,680 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 418,743 
   
   
   
 439,566 
   
   
   
 435,916 
   
 
   Income taxes (note 14) 
    
   
 76,459 
   
   
   
 87,157 
   
   
   
 83,030 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 342,284 
   
   
 $ 
 352,409 
   
   
 $ 
 352,886 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 2.42 
   
   
 $ 
 2.51 
   
   
 $ 
 2.51 
   
 
   Diluted earnings per share (note 4) 
    
 $ 
 2.40 
   
   
 $ 
 2.49 
   
   
 $ 
 2.47 
   
 
   Dividend declared per share 
    
 $ 
 1.32 
   
   
 $ 
 1.20 
   
   
 $ 
 1.12 
   
 
   Basic shares outstanding (000’s) 
    
   
 141,360 
   
   
   
 140,242 
   
   
   
 140,468 
   
 
   Diluted shares outstanding (000’s) 
    
   
 142,453 
   
   
   
 141,669 
   
   
   
 142,687 
   
       See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
    
 - F3 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R ESMED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
 Years Ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015    (In US$ thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Years Ended June 30, 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 342,284 
   
    
 $ 
 352,409 
   
   
 $ 
 352,886 
   
 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income: 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Foreign currency translation (loss) gain adjustments 
    
   
 33,599 
   
    
   
 (49,142 
 )  
   
   
 (325,073 
 )  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 375,883 
   
    
 $ 
 303,267 
   
   
 $ 
 27,813 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
       See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
    
 - F4 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R ESMED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity  
 Years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015    (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
       Common
Stock 
   
   
 
 Additional Paid-in   Capital 
   
   
       Treasury
Stock 
   
   
   Retained 
 Earnings 
   
   
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
   
   
   Total 
   
 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance, June 30, 2014 
   
   
 176,747 
   
   
 $ 
 561 
   
   
 $ 
 1,117,644 
   
   
   
 (36,442 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,291,910 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,780,396 
   
   
 $ 
 151,557 
   
   
 $ 
 1,758,248 
   
 
   Common stock issued on exercise of options (note 12) 
   
   
 1,954 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 36,565 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 36,573 
   
 
   Common stock issued on vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for tax (note 12) 
   
   
 651 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 (11,406 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (11,403 
 )  
 
   Common stock issued on employee stock purchase plan (note 12) 
   
   
 309 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 13,412 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 13,413 
   
 
   Treasury stock purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (2,744 
 )  
   
   
 (152,644 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (152,655 
 )  
 
   Tax benefit from exercise of options 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 24,868 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 24,868 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation costs 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 47,712 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 47,712 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (325,073 
 )  
   
   
 (325,073 
 )  
 
   Net income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 352,886 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 352,886 
   
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (157,262 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (157,262 
 )  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Balance, June 30, 2015 
   
   
 179,661 
   
   
 $ 
 562 
   
   
 $ 
 1,228,795 
   
   
   
 (39,186 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,444,554 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,976,020 
   
   
 $ 
 (173,516 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,587,307 
   
 
   Common stock issued on exercise of options (note 12) 
   
   
 1,176 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 26,247 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 26,252 
   
 
   Common stock issued on vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for tax (note 12) 
   
   
 619 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 (12,388 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (12,385 
 )  
 
   Common stock issued on employee stock purchase plan (note 12) 
   
   
 291 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 14,081 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 14,082 
   
 
   Treasury stock purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (1,900 
 )  
   
   
 (102,057 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (102,065 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation costs 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 46,503 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 46,503 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (49,142 
 )  
   
   
 (49,142 
 )  
 
   Net income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 352,409 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 352,409 
   
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (168,130 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (168,130 
 )  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Balance, June 30, 2016 
   
   
 181,747 
   
   
 $ 
 563 
   
   
 $ 
 1,303,238 
   
   
   
 (41,086 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,546,611 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,160,299 
   
   
 $ 
 (222,658 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,694,831 
   
 
   Common stock issued on exercise of options (note 12) 
   
   
 740 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 22,246 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 22,249 
   
 
   Common stock issued on vesting of restricted stock units, net of shares withheld for tax (note 12) 
   
   
 447 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (8,159 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (8,157 
 )  
 
   Common stock issued on employee stock purchase plan (note 12) 
   
   
 327 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 15,884 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 15,885 
   
 
   Treasury stock purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation costs 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 45,921 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 45,921 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 33,599 
   
   
   
 33,599 
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 342,284 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 342,284 
   
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (186,346 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (186,346 
 )  
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Balance, June 30, 2017 
   
   
 183,261 
   
   
 $ 
 569 
   
   
 $ 
 1,379,130 
   
   
   
 (41,086 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,546,611 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,316,237 
   
   
 $ 
 (189,059 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,960,266 
   
       See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
    
 - F5 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R ESMED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 Years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015    (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
   
   June 30,   2016 
   
   
 June 30, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 342,284 
   
   
 $ 
 352,409 
   
   
 $ 
 352,886 
   
 
   Adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 112,157 
   
   
   
 86,849 
   
   
   
 73,056 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation costs 
    
   
 45,925 
   
   
   
 46,408 
   
   
   
 47,855 
   
 
   Impairment of long lived assets 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 2,815 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Impairment of cost-method investments (note 8) 
    
   
 1,955 
   
   
   
 750 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Changes in fair value of business combination contingent consideration (note 20) 
    
   
 10,076 
   
   
   
 (2,986 
 )  
   
   
 (132 
 )  
 
   Payment of business combination contingent consideration (note 20) 
    
   
 (8,460 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Gain on disposal of business 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (709 
 )  
 
   Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (24,959 
 )  
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisitions: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 (63,604 
 )  
   
   
 (27,307 
 )  
   
   
 (28,259 
 )  
 
   Inventories, net 
    
   
 (41,599 
 )  
   
   
 30,492 
   
   
   
 (99,524 
 )  
 
   Prepaid expenses, net deferred income taxes and other current assets 
    
   
 (19,257 
 )  
   
   
 12,121 
   
   
   
 (22,849 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
    
   
 34,576 
   
   
   
 46,382 
   
   
   
 85,815 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 414,053 
   
   
   
 547,933 
   
   
   
 383,180 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (62,219 
 )  
   
   
 (58,534 
 )  
   
   
 (62,502 
 )  
 
   Patent registration costs 
    
   
 (9,257 
 )  
   
   
 (9,295 
 )  
   
   
 (9,442 
 )  
 
   Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 (7,274 
 )  
   
   
 (1,041,864 
 )  
   
   
 (29,407 
 )  
 
   Investments in cost-method investments 
    
   
 (6,464 
 )  
   
   
 (8,965 
 )  
   
   
 (10,750 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from disposal of cost-method investments 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 468 
   
   
   
 937 
   
 
   Purchases of foreign currency contracts 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (700 
 )  
 
   (Payment)/proceeds on maturity of foreign currency contracts 
    
   
 3,324 
   
   
   
 (7,564 
 )  
   
   
 (31,207 
 )  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (81,890 
 )  
   
   
 (1,125,754 
 )  
   
   
 (143,071 
 )  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 30,161 
   
   
   
 27,694 
   
   
   
 38,806 
   
 
   Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
   
   
 24,959 
   
 
   Purchases of treasury stock 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 (102,058 
 )  
   
   
 (160,300 
 )  
 
   Payment of business combination contingent consideration (note 20) 
    
   
 (11,682 
 )  
   
   
 (1,228 
 )  
   
   
 (458 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from borrowings, net of borrowing costs 
    
   
 450,000 
   
   
   
 1,140,000 
   
   
   
 180,000 
   
 
   Repayment of borrowings 
    
   
 (545,000 
 )  
   
   
 (283,694 
 )  
   
   
 (181,536 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid 
    
   
 (186,346 
 )  
   
   
 (168,130 
 )  
   
   
 (157,262 
 )  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
    
   
 (262,867 
 )  
   
   
 612,584 
   
   
   
 (255,791 
 )  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
    
   
 21,205 
   
   
   
 (20,578 
 )  
   
   
 (172,799 
 )  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 90,501 
   
   
   
 14,185 
   
   
   
 (188,481 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
    
   
 731,434 
   
   
   
 717,249 
   
   
   
 905,730 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
    
 $ 
 821,935 
   
   
 $ 
 731,434 
   
   
 $ 
 717,249 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Income taxes paid, net of refunds 
    
 $ 
 92,901 
   
   
 $ 
 68,966 
   
   
 $ 
 48,533 
   
 
   Interest paid 
    
 $ 
 28,236 
   
   
 $ 
 11,206 
   
   
 $ 
 5,778 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of assets acquired, excluding cash 
    
 $ 
 10,460 
   
   
 $ 
 338,353 
   
   
 $ 
 20,408 
   
 
   Liabilities assumed 
    
   
 (877 
 )  
   
   
 (79,808 
 )  
   
   
 (8,528 
 )  
 
   Goodwill on acquisition 
    
   
 (645 
 )  
   
   
 796,306 
   
   
   
 20,947 
   
 
   Deferred payments 
    
   
 (84 
 )  
   
   
 120 
   
   
   
 (1,703 
 )  
 
   Fair value of contingent consideration 
    
   
 (1,580 
 )  
   
   
 (13,107 
 )  
   
   
 (1,717 
 )  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid for acquisition 
    
 $ 
 7,274 
   
   
 $ 
 1,041,864 
   
   
 $ 
 29,407 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
       See accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements.  
    
 - F6 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R ES M ED  I NC .
 AND  S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Organization and Basis of Presentation      
 ResMed Inc. (referred to herein as “we”, “us”, “our” or the “Company”) is a Delaware corporation
formed in March 1994 as a holding company for the ResMed Group. Through our subsidiaries, we design, manufacture and market equipment for the diagnosis and treatment of sleep-disordered breathing and other respiratory disorders, including
obstructive sleep apnea. Our manufacturing operations are located in Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, France and the United States. Major distribution and sales sites are located in the United States, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Switzerland,
Australia, Japan, China, Norway and Sweden.      
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 Basis of Consolidation      
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accounting principles requires management estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from management’s estimates.      
 
 
   
 (b) 
 Revenue Recognition      
 We generally record revenue on product sales at the time of shipment, which is when title transfers to the customer. We do not record
revenue on product sales which require customer acceptance until we receive acceptance. We initially defer service revenue received in advance from service contracts and recognize that deferred revenue ratably over the life of the service contract.
We initially defer revenue we receive in advance from rental unit contracts and recognize that deferred revenue ratably over the life of the rental contract. Otherwise, we recognize revenue from rental unit contracts ratably over the life of the
rental contract. We include in revenue freight charges we bill to customers. We charge all freight-related expenses to cost of sales. Taxes assessed by government authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with revenue-producing transactions,
such as sales and value added taxes, are excluded from revenue.        We do not recognize revenues to the extent that we offer a right of return or other recourse with respect to the sale of our products, other than returns for product defects or other warranty claims, nor
do we recognize revenues if we offer variable sale prices for subsequent events or activities. However, as part of our sales processes we may provide upfront discounts for large orders,  one-time  special
pricing to support new product introductions, sales rebates for centralized purchasing entities or price-breaks for regular order volumes. We record the costs of all such programs as an adjustment to revenue at the time the related revenue is
recognized. Our products are predominantly therapy-based equipment and require no installation. Therefore, we have no installation obligations. For multiple-element arrangements, we allocate arrangement consideration to the deliverables by use of
the relative selling price method. The selling price used for each deliverable is based on vendor–specific objective evidence.      
 We also generate revenue from time-based licensing of our software and associated services. In most instances, revenue is generated under
sales agreements with multiple elements comprising subscription fees and professional services, which typically have contract terms of one to three years. We evaluate each element in these multiple-element arrangements to determine whether they
represent a separate unit of accounting and recognize each element as the services are performed.  
    
 - F7 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued      

 
 
   
 (c) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents      
 Cash equivalents include certificates of deposit and other highly liquid investments and we state them at cost, which approximates market.
We consider investments with original maturities of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents for purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows.      
 Our cash and cash equivalents balance at June 30, 2017, include $276.5 million in cash which is subject to notice periods of up
to 90 days. These cash balances earn interest rates above normal term deposit rates otherwise available and are held at highly rated financial institutions.      
 
 
   
 (d) 
 Inventories      
 We state inventories at the lower of cost (determined principally by the  first-in,   first-out  method) or net realizable value. We include material, labor and manufacturing overhead costs in finished goods and
 work-in-process  inventories. We review and provide for any product obsolescence in our manufacturing and distribution operations by assessing throughout the year
individual products and components (based on estimated future usage and sales).      
 
 
   
 (e) 
 Property, Plant and Equipment      
 We record property, plant and equipment, including rental and demonstration equipment at cost. We compute depreciation expense using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Useful lives are generally two to ten years except for buildings which are depreciated over an estimated useful life of 40 years and leasehold improvements, which we amortize over
the lease term. We charge maintenance and repairs to expense as we incur them.      
 
 
   
 (f) 
 Intangible Assets      
 We capitalize the registration costs for new patents and amortize the costs over the estimated useful life of the patent, which is
generally five years. If a patent is superseded or a product is retired, any unamortized costs are written off immediately.      
 We amortize all of our other intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from two to fifteen
years. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets periodically and take into account events or circumstances that warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate that impairment exists. We have not identified any impairment of
intangible assets during any of the periods presented.      
 
 
   
 (g) 
 Goodwill      
 We conducted our annual review for goodwill impairment during the final quarter of the year ended June 30, 2017. Our goodwill
impairment tests are performed at our reporting unit level which is one level below our operating segment. Fair value is determined based on estimated discounted cash flows. Our goodwill impairment review involved the following steps:  
     Step 0 or Qualitative assessment – Evaluate qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. Factors considered included, but were not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market
considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance or events-specific to that reporting unit. If or when we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, including goodwill,
we would move to Step 1 of the quantitative method.  
    
 - F8 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued      
  Step 1 -    Compare the fair value for each reporting unit to its
carrying value, including goodwill. For each reporting unit where the carrying value, including goodwill, exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value, move on to Step 2. If a reporting unit’s fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further
work is performed and no impairment charge is necessary.        Step 2 -    Allocate the fair value of the reporting unit to its identifiable tangible and  non-goodwill  intangible assets and liabilities. This
will derive an implied fair value for the goodwill. Then, compare the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s
goodwill is greater than the implied fair value of its goodwill, an impairment loss must be recognized for the excess.      
 The results of our review indicated that no impaired goodwill exists as the fair value for each reporting unit exceeded its carrying
value.      
 
 
   
 (h) 
 Foreign Currency      
 The consolidated financial statements of our  non-U.S.  subsidiaries, whose functional currencies
are other than the U.S. dollar, are translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. We translate assets and liabilities of  non-U.S.  subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the
U.S. dollar at period end exchange rates, but translate revenue and expense transactions at average exchange rates for the period. We recognize cumulative translation adjustments as part of comprehensive income, as detailed in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income, and include those adjustments in accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated balance sheets until such time the relevant subsidiary is sold or substantially or completely liquidated. We reflect
gains and losses on transactions denominated in other than the functional currency of an entity in our results of operations.      
 
 
   
 (i) 
 Research and Development      
 We record all research and development expenses in the period we incur them.      
 
 
   
 (j) 
 Financial Instruments      
 The carrying value of financial instruments, such as cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable, approximate their fair
value because of their short-term nature. The carrying value of long-term debt approximates its fair value as the principal amounts outstanding are subject to variable interest rates that are based on market rates which are regularly reset. Foreign
currency hedging instruments are marked to market and therefore reflect their fair value. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes.      
 The fair value of financial instruments is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.      
 
 
   
 (k) 
 Foreign Exchange Risk Management      
 We enter into various types of foreign exchange contracts in managing our foreign exchange risk, including derivative financial
instruments encompassing forward exchange contracts and foreign currency options.  
    
 - F9 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued      
  The purpose of our foreign currency hedging activities is to protect us from adverse
exchange rate fluctuations with respect to net cash movements resulting from the sales of products to foreign customers and Australian and Singapore manufacturing activities. We enter into foreign exchange contracts to hedge anticipated sales and
manufacturing costs, principally denominated in Australian and Singapore dollars, and Euros. The terms of such foreign exchange contracts generally do not exceed three years.  
     We have determined our hedge program to be a  non-effective  hedge as defined. We record the foreign currency derivatives portfolio at fair value and include it in other assets and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. We do not offset the fair
value amounts recognized for foreign currency derivatives. We classify purchases of foreign currency derivatives and proceeds received from the exercise of foreign currency derivatives as an investing activity within our consolidated statements of
cash flows.        We record all movements in the fair
value of the foreign currency derivatives within other income, net in our consolidated statements of income.      
 
 
   
 (l) 
 Income Taxes      
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates we expect to
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date.      
 
 
   
 (m) 
 Provision for Warranty      
 We provide for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. We determine the amount of this
provision by using a financial model, which takes into consideration actual historical expenses and potential risks associated with our different products. We use this financial model to calculate the future probable expenses related to warranty and
the required level of the warranty provision. Although we engage in product improvement programs and processes, our warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates and costs incurred to correct those product failures. Should actual product
failure rates or estimated costs to repair those product failures differ from our estimates, we would be required to revise our estimated warranty provision.      
 
 
   
 (n) 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts      
 We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required
payments, which results in bad debt expense. We determine the adequacy of this allowance by periodically evaluating individual customer receivables, considering a customer’s financial condition, credit history and current economic conditions.
We are also contingently liable, within certain limits, in the event of a customer default, to independent leasing companies in connection with customer leasing programs. We monitor the collection status of these installment receivables and provide
for estimated losses separately under accrued expenses within our consolidated balance sheets based upon our historical collection experience with such receivables and a current assessment of our credit exposure.  
    
 - F10 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued      

 
 
   
 (o) 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets      
 We periodically evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used, including certain identifiable intangible assets,
when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net cash flows expected to be
generated by the asset. If assets are considered to be impaired, we recognize as the impairment the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. We report assets to be disposed of at the lower of the
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.      
 We did not recognize impairment charges in relation to long-lived assets during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2017 and 2015, but
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, we recognized $2.8 million of impairment charges.      
 
 
   
 (p) 
 Contingencies      
 We record a liability in the consolidated financial statements for loss contingencies when a loss is known or considered probable and the
amount can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss is a range, and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other, the minimum amount of the range is accrued. If a loss is reasonably possible
but not known or probable, and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed. When determining the estimated loss or range of loss, significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of a loss to be
recorded.      
 
 
 (3) 
   
 New Accounting Pronouncements      
 
 
   
 (a) 
 Recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted      
 ASU No.  2014-09,  “Revenue from Contracts with
Customers”     In May, 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU), ASU
 No. 2014-09,  “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (Topic 606), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised
goods or services to customers. Since its initial release, the FASB has issued several amendments to the standard, which include clarification of accounting guidance related to identification of performance obligations, intellectual property
licenses, and principal vs. agent considerations. ASU  2014-09  and all subsequent amendments (collectively, the “new revenue recognition standards”) will replace most existing revenue recognition
guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The guidance also requires improved disclosures on the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized.  
     We formed an implementation team in fiscal year
June 30, 2017 to oversee adoption of the new revenue recognition standards. The implementation team has commenced the diagnostic phase of its project which has included composition and detailed review of our contract portfolio and selection of
sample contracts for assessment which, we expect to complete in the second quarter of the year ending June 30, 2018. There are a number of steps in the team’s project plan that remain to be completed including: finalizing contract reviews,
evaluating the impact, and working through required changes to systems, business processes and controls to support the adoption of the new revenue recognition standards. We expect there will be changes to our accounting policies to align with
terminology and concepts in the new revenue recognition standards as well as increased disclosures relating to our revenue streams, contract-related balances and contract details.  
    
 - F11 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (3) 
   
 New Accounting Pronouncements, Continued      
  The new revenue recognition standard is effective for us beginning in the first quarter
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019 and early application is permitted for annual or interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The new guidance can be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, or
retrospectively with the cumulative effect of the change recognized at the date of the initial application. Assuming the impact is not material, we expect to adopt the new revenue recognition standards using the modified retrospective method with an
adjustment to beginning retained earnings for the cumulative effect of the change.        ASU  No. 2016-01,  “Financial Instruments—Overall”     In January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU  No. 2016-01,  “Financial Instruments—Overall” (Topic  825-10).  The amendments address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments, and require equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized through net income. The amendments also simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment for impairment quarterly at each reporting period. The
amendments in ASU  2016-01  will be effective for our first quarter of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2019. An entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance
sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption, with prospective adoption of the amendments related to equity securities without readily determinable fair values existing as of the date of adoption. We are currently assessing the impact as
this standard will be relevant for our Cost-Method Investments.        ASU No.  2016-02,  “Leases”     In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU  No. 2016-02,  “Leases” (Topic 842). Under the new guidance, lessees are required to
recognize a  right-of-use  asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases, other than those that meet the definition of a short-term lease. This update
will establish a lease asset and lease liability by lessees for those leases classified as operating under current GAAP. Leases will be classified as either operating or finance under the new guidance. Operating leases will result in straight-line
expense in the income statement, similar to current operating leases, and finance leases will result in more expense being recognized in the earlier years of the lease term, similar to current capital leases. For lessors, the update will more
closely align lease accounting to comparable guidance in the new revenue standards described.        The new standard is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2020 and early application is not permitted. ASU  2016-02 
will be adopted on a modified retrospective transition basis for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. We are currently evaluating the impact of this
standard on its consolidated financial statements and expect to commence an implementation project during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2018. While the formal impact assessment has not commenced, we expect this amendment will affect the way
we account for operating leases where we are the lessee (as described above), require reassessment of how we account for revenue where we are the lessor and will result in increased disclosures for all lease arrangements.  
     ASU
No.  2016-16,  “Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory”     In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ASU  No. 2016-16,  “Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory”
(Topic 740). Under the new guidance, an entity is required to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs and eliminates the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an
asset other than inventory. ASU  2016-16  will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending June 30, 2019, with early adoption permitted. If we enter into transactions within the scope of
the standard, it could result in additional deferred tax balances being recognized at the time of the transfer.  
    
 - F12 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (3) 
   
 New Accounting Pronouncements, Continued      

 
 
   
 (b) 
 Recently adopted accounting pronouncements      
 ASU  No. 2015-03,  “Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs ”    In April, 2015, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2015-03, 
“Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs”. ASU  2015-03  more closely aligns the presentation of debt issuance costs under U.S. GAAP with the presentation under comparable International
Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS, by requiring that debt issuance costs be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability. As of July 1, 2016, we adopted ASU  No. 2015-03,  “Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs” which amended ASC  835-30,  Interest – Imputation of Interest. As a result of the
adoption, $2.2 million was reclassified from other assets and $0.6 million and $1.6 million we recognised in short-term debt and long-term debt, respectively in the company’s consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2016.
The adoption of this guidance did not impact the company’s consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity or cash flows.  
     ASU
 No. 2015-11,  “Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory ”    In July
2015, the FASB issued ASU  No. 2015-11,  “Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory” which requires an entity to measure inventory within the scope of this ASU at the lower of cost and net
realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The amendments in this guidance more closely align the
measurement of inventory in GAAP with the measurement of inventory in IFRS. This accounting guidance was effective for us beginning in the first quarter of our fiscal year ending, June 30, 2018, however we have elected to early-adopt this
amendment which can only be adopted on a prospective basis. There has been no impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures as a result of this adoption.  
     ASU  2016-09, 
“Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ”     On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-09,  “Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting”, which requires companies to recognize additional tax benefits or expenses related to the vesting or settlement of employee share-based
awards (the difference between the actual benefit for tax purposes and the tax benefit initially recognized for financial reporting purposes) as income tax benefit or expense in earnings, rather than in additional
 paid-in  capital, in the reporting period in which they occur. This ASU also requires companies to classify cash flows resulting from employee share-based payments, including the additional tax benefits or
expenses related to the vesting or settlement of share-based awards, as cash flows from operating activities rather than financing activities. Although this change will reduce some of the administrative complexities of tracking share-based awards,
it will increase the volatility of our income tax expense and cash flows from operations. The new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We elected to early adopt
this ASU during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 and were therefore required to report the impacts as though the ASU had been adopted on July 1, 2015, the beginning of our fiscal year, and to reflect the tax benefit as a discrete item
within each of the respective interim reporting periods. Accordingly, we recognized additional income tax benefits as an increase to earnings of $6.1 million and $11.2 million during the years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30,
2016, respectively. We also recognized additional income tax benefits as an increase to operating cash flows of $9.2 million and $14.5 million for the years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, respectively. The new accounting
standard did not impact any periods prior to July 1, 2015, as we applied the changes on a prospective basis.  
    
 - F13 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   

 
 
 (4) 
   
 Earnings Per Share      
 We compute basic earnings per share by dividing the net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares
of common stock outstanding. For purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share, the denominator includes both the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding and the number of dilutive common stock equivalents such as stock
options and restricted stock units.        The weighted
average number of outstanding stock options and restricted stock units not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share were 173,000, 297,000 and 62,000 for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as the effect
would have been anti-dilutive.        Basic and diluted
earnings per share for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are calculated as follows (in thousands except per share data):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Numerator: 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Net Income, used in calculating diluted
earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 342,284 
   
    
 $ 
 352,409 
 
    
 $ 
 352,886 
 
 
   Denominator: 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 
    
   
 141,360 
   
    
   
 140,242 
 
    
   
 140,468 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Stock options and restricted stock
units 
    
   
 1,093 
   
    
   
 1,427 
 
    
   
 2,219 
 
 
   Diluted weighted average
shares 
    
   
 142,453 
   
    
   
 141,669 
 
    
   
 142,687 
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 2.42 
   
    
 $ 
 2.51 
 
    
 $ 
 2.51 
 
 
   Diluted earnings per
share 
    
 $ 
 2.40 
   
    
 $ 
 2.49 
 
    
 $ 
 2.47 
 
     
 
 
 (5) 
   
 Inventories      
 Inventories were comprised of the following as of June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Raw materials 
    
 $ 
 75,658 
   
    
 $ 
 67,121 
   
 
   Work in progress 
    
   
 4,297 
   
    
   
 3,939 
   
 
   Finished goods 
    
   
 188,364 
   
    
   
 153,396 
   
 
   Total inventories 
    
 $ 
 268,319 
   
    
 $ 
 224,456 
   
 
    
 - F14 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   

 
 
 (6) 
   
 Property, Plant and Equipment, net      
 Property, plant and equipment, net is comprised of the following as of June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 (in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Machinery and equipment 
    
 $ 
 230,632 
   
    
 $ 
 197,485 
   
 
   Computer equipment 
    
   
 154,032 
   
    
   
 154,105 
   
 
   Furniture and fixtures 
    
   
 47,074 
   
    
   
 40,776 
   
 
   Vehicles 
    
   
 7,667 
   
    
   
 9,060 
   
 
   Clinical, demonstration and rental equipment 
    
   
 86,024 
   
    
   
 79,641 
   
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   
 35,932 
   
    
   
 33,795 
   
 
   Land 
    
   
 55,311 
   
    
   
 54,338 
   
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 233,868 
   
    
   
 229,502 
   
 
   
    
   
 850,540 
   
    
   
 798,702 
   
 
   Accumulated depreciation and
amortization 
    
   
 (456,299 
 )  
    
   
 (414,426 
 )  
 
   Property, plant and equipment,
net 
    
 $ 
 394,241 
   
    
 $ 
 384,276 
   
     
 
 
 (7) 
   
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net      
 Goodwill      
 Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Balance at the beginning of the period 
    
 $ 
 1,059,245 
   
   
 $ 
 264,261 
   
 
   Business acquisitions (note 22) 
    
   
 (645 
 )  
   
   
 796,306 
   
 
   Foreign currency translation
adjustments 
    
   
 6,274 
   
   
   
 (1,322 
 )  
 
   Balance at the end of the
period 
    
 $ 
 1,064,874 
   
   
 $ 
 1,059,245 
   
       For each of the years
ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, we have not recorded any goodwill impairments.  
    
 - F15 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (7) 
   
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net, Continued      
  Other Intangible Assets        Other intangibles, net are comprised of the following as of June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 (in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Developed/core product technology 
    
 $ 
 206,258 
   
    
 $ 
 202,050 
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 

    
   
 (93,079 
 )  
    
   
 (63,825 
 )  
 
   Developed/core product technology,
net 
    
   
 113,179 
   
    
   
 138,225 
   
 
   Trade names 
    
   
 48,768 
   
    
   
 47,897 
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 

    
   
 (10,894 
 )  
    
   
 (3,832 
 )  
 
   Trade names, net 
    
   
 37,874 
   
    
   
 44,065 
   
 
   Non-compete 
agreements 
    
   
 3,660 
   
    
   
 3,089 
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 

    
   
 (2,236 
 )  
    
   
 (1,899 
 )  
 
 
 Non-compete  agreements, net 
    
   
 1,424 
   
    
   
 1,190 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 122,458 
   
    
   
 118,528 
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 

    
   
 (40,050 
 )  
    
   
 (26,783 
 )  
 
   Customer relationships,
net 
    
   
 82,408 
   
    
   
 91,745 
   
 
 
 In-process  research and development 
    
   
 4,100 
   
    
   
 4,100 
   
 
 
 In-process  research and development, net 
    
   
 4,100 
   
    
   
 4,100 
   
 
   Patents 
    
   
 85,780 
   
    
   
 74,034 
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 

    
   
 (62,965 
 )  
    
   
 (53,551 
 )  
 
   Patents, net 
    
   
 22,815 
   
    
   
 20,483 
   
 
   Total other intangibles,
net 
    
 $ 
 261,800 
   
    
 $ 
 299,808 
   
       Intangible assets
consist of developed/core product technology, trade names,  non-compete  agreements, customer relationships, and patents, and we amortize them over the estimated useful life of the assets, generally between two
and fifteen years. There are no expected residual values related to these intangible assets.  In-process  research and development is amortized over the estimated the useful life of the assets, once the research
and development efforts are completed. At least on an annual basis, we evaluate the  in-process  research and development balances for impairment.        Refer to note 22 of the consolidated financial statements for details of acquisitions made during the year.
 
    
 - F16 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (7) 
   
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net, Continued      
  Amortization expense related to identifiable intangible assets, including patents, for
the year ended June 30, 2017 was $46.6 million. Estimated annual amortization expense for the years ending June 30, 2018 through June 30, 2022, is shown below (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fiscal Year 
    
 Amortization expense 
   


 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 53,761 
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 51,705 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 46,610 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 38,623 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 29,397 
   
     
 
 
 (8) 
   
 Cost-Method Investments      
 The aggregate carrying amount of our cost-method investments at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, included within our other
long-term assets on our consolidated balance sheets, was $38.3 million and $33.8 million, respectively.      
 We periodically evaluate the carrying value of our cost-method investments, when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recovered. We determine the fair value of our cost-method investments to evaluate whether impairment losses shall be recorded using Level 3 inputs. These investments include our holdings in privately held service
and research companies that are not exchange traded and therefore not supported with observable market prices. However, these investments are valued by reference to their net asset values which can be market supported and unobservable inputs
including future cash flows. We have determined, that the fair value of our cost-method investments exceed their carrying values.      
 The following table shows a reconciliation of the changes in our cost-method investments during the years ended June 30, 2017 and
June 30, 2016 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Balance at the beginning of the period 
    
 $ 
 33,815 
   
   
 $ 
 25,600 
   
 
   Investments 
    
   
 6,464 
   
   
   
 8,965 
   
 
   Impairment of
investments 
    
   
 (1,955 
 )  
   
   
 (750 
 )  
 
   Balance at the end of the
period 
    
 $ 
 38,324 
   
   
 $ 
 33,815 
   
 
    
 - F17 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   

 
 
 (9) 
   
 Accrued Expenses      
 Accrued expenses at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 consist of the following (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Product warranties 
    
 $ 
 19,558 
   
    
 $ 
 15,043 
   
 
   Consulting and professional fees 
    
   
 10,506 
   
    
   
 11,948 
   
 
   Value added taxes and other taxes due 
    
   
 18,228 
   
    
   
 14,769 
   
 
   Employee related costs 
    
   
 100,410 
   
    
   
 83,407 
   
 
   Marketing and promotional programs 
    
   
 2,661 
   
    
   
 2,401 
   
 
   Business acquisition contingent consideration 
    
   
 651 
   
    
   
 10,450 
   
 
   Hedging instruments 
    
   
 460 
   
    
   
 243 
   
 
   Liability on receivables sold with recourse (note 19) 
    
   
 18,068 
   
    
   
 4,615 
   
 
   Accrued interest 
    
   
 1,050 
   
    
   
 1,271 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 14,703 
   
    
   
 12,658 
   
 
   
    
 $ 
 186,295 
   
    
 $ 
 156,805 
   
     
 
 
 (10) 
   
 Product Warranties      
 We include the liability for warranty costs in accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the liability for product
warranty for the years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Balance at the beginning of the period 
    
 $ 
 15,043 
   
   
 $ 
 9,823 
   
 
   Fair value of warranty obligations acquired on business
combination 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 971 
   
 
   Warranty accruals for the period 
    
   
 19,805 
   
   
   
 15,014 
   
 
   Warranty costs incurred for the period 
    
   
 (15,489 
 )  
   
   
 (10,667 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation
adjustments 
    
   
 199 
   
   
   
 (98 
 )  
 
   Balance at the end of the
period 
    
 $ 
 19,558 
   
   
 $ 
 15,043 
   
     
 
 
 (11) 
   
 Debt      
 Debt at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 consists of the following (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 June 30, 2016 
   


 
   Short-term debt 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 300,000 
   
 
   Deferred borrowing costs 

    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (562 
 )  
 
   Short-term debt, net 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 299,438 
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 1,080,000 
   
    
   
 875,000 
   
 
   Deferred borrowing costs 

    
   
 (1,389 
 )  
    
   
 (1,668 
 )  
 
   Long-term debt, net 
    
   
 1,078,611 
   
    
   
 873,332 
   
 
   Total debt 
    
 $ 
 1,078,611 
   
    
 $ 
 1,172,770 
   
 
    
 - F18 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (11) 
   
 Debt, Continued      
  Credit Facility        On October 31, 2013, we entered into a revolving credit agreement, as borrower, with lenders, including
Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger, swing line lender and letters of credit issuer, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger, providing for a revolving credit facility of
$700 million, with an uncommitted option to increase the revolving credit facility by an additional $300 million. On April 4, 2016, in connection with our acquisition of Brightree LLC (“Brightree”), we entered into a first
amendment to the revolving credit agreement to increase the size of the revolving credit facility from $700 million to $1 billion, with an uncommitted option to increase the revolving credit facility by an additional $300 million, and
to make other modifications to provide for the acquisition of Brightree. On January 9, 2017, we entered into a second amendment to our agreement with our existing lenders, including MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as successor in interest to Union Bank,
N.A., as Administrative Agent, Joint Lead Arranger, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer; and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Syndication Agent and Joint Lead Arranger. The second amendment, among other things, increases the size of our senior
unsecured revolving credit facility from $1.0 billion to $1.3 billion, with an uncommitted option to increase the revolving credit facility by an additional $300 million. The credit facility terminates on October 31, 2018, when
all unpaid principal and interest under the loans must be repaid. The outstanding principal amount due under the credit facility will bear interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.0% to 2.0% (depending on the then-applicable leverage ratio). At
June 30, 2017, the interest rate that was being charged on the outstanding principal amount was 2.7%. A commitment fee of 0.15% to 0.25% (depending on the then-applicable leverage ratio) applies on the unused portion of the credit facility. The
credit facility also includes a $25 million sublimit for letters of credit.        Our obligations under the revolving credit agreement (as amended) are unsecured but are guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect U. S. subsidiaries, including ResMed Corp., ResMed Motor
Technologies Inc., Birdie Inc., Inova Labs, Inc., Brightree, Brightree Services LLC, Brightree Home Health & Hospice LLC and Strategic AR LLC, under an unconditional guaranty. The credit agreement contains customary covenants, including
certain financial covenants and an obligation that we maintain certain financial ratios, including a maximum leverage ratio of funded debt to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) and an interest coverage ratio.  
     At June 30, 2017, we were in compliance with our debt
covenants and there was $1,080.0 million outstanding under the revolving credit facility. We expect to satisfy all of our liquidity requirements through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated from operations and debt facilities.
       Term Loan  
     On April 4, 2016, in connection with the Brightree
acquisition, we also entered into the term loan credit agreement providing a $300 million senior unsecured  one-year  term loan credit facility.        The proceeds from the funding of the term loan credit facility were used to pay a portion of the acquisition
consideration for the Brightree acquisition, as well as to pay fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition, the amendment to the revolving credit agreement and the term loan credit agreement. On March 30, 2017 we drew down
$300 million from the revolving credit facility to pay off all outstanding amounts under the term loan credit facility, in advance of the scheduled termination of the term loan credit facility on April 3, 2017.  
    
 - F19 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   

 
 
 (12) 
   
 Stockholders’ Equity      
 Common Stock.     On February 21, 2014, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program,
authorizing us to acquire up to an aggregate of 20.0 million shares of our common stock. The program allows us to repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time for cash in the open market, or in negotiated or block transactions, as
market and business conditions warrant and subject to applicable legal requirements. The 20.0 million shares the new program authorizes us to purchase are in addition to the shares we repurchased on or before February 21, 2014 under our
previous programs. There is no expiration date for this program, and the program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time at the discretion of our board of directors. All share repurchases since February 21, 2014 have
been executed in accordance with this program. We temporarily suspended our share repurchase program due to recent acquisitions. Accordingly, we did not repurchase any shares during the year ended June 30, 2017. However, we expect to resume the
share repurchase program during fiscal year 2018.      
 As noted above, we did not repurchase any shares during the year ended June 30, 2017. During the year ended June 30, 2016, we
repurchased 1.9 million shares at a cost of $102.1 million prior to the temporary suspension of the share repurchase program. As of June 30, 2017, we have repurchased a total of 41.1 million shares at a cost of $1.5 billion.
Shares that are repurchased are classified as “treasury stock pending future use” and reduce the number of shares outstanding used in calculating earnings per share. At June 30, 2017, 13.6 million additional shares can be
repurchased under the approved share repurchase program.        Preferred Stock.     In April 1997, our board of directors authorized 2,000,000 shares of $0.01 par value preferred stock. No such shares were issued or outstanding at
June 30, 2017.        Stock Options and
Restricted Stock Units.     We have granted stock options and restricted stock units to personnel, including officers and directors, in accordance with the ResMed Inc. 2009 Incentive Award Plan (the “2009 Plan”).
These options and restricted stock units vest over one to four years and the options have expiration dates of seven years from the date of grant. We have granted the options with an exercise price equal to the market value as determined at the date
of grant.        The maximum number of shares of our
common stock authorized for issuance under the 2009 Plan is 43.7 million. The number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the 2009 Plan at June 30, 2017 is 11.6 million. The number of shares of our common stock
available for issuance under the 2009 Plan will be reduced by (i) 2.8 shares for each one share of common stock delivered in settlement of any “full-value award,” which is any award other than a stock option, stock appreciation
right or other award for which the holder pays the intrinsic value and (ii) one share for each share of common stock delivered in settlement of all other awards. The maximum number of shares, which may be subject to awards granted under the
2009 Plan to any individual during any calendar year, may not exceed 3 million shares of our common stock (except in a participant’s initial year of hiring up to 4.5 million shares of our common stock may be granted).  
     At June 30, 2017, there was $73.2 million in
unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements. This is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.3 years. The aggregate intrinsic value of the stock-based compensation arrangements
outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 was $194.5 million and $164.9 million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the options exercised during the fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, was
$28.1 million, $40.4 million and $80.2 million, respectively.  
    
 - F20 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (12) 
   
 Stockholders’ Equity, Continued      
  The following table summarizes option activity during the year ended June 30, 2017:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term in
Years 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of period 
    
   
 1,924,229 
   
   
 $ 
 38.70 
   
    
   
 3.2 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 313,255 
   
   
   
 58.42 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Exercised* 
    
   
 (741,911 
 )  
   
   
 30.12 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 - 
   
   
   
 - 
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 Outstanding at end of period 
    
   
 1,495,573 
   
   
 $ 
 47.09 
   
    
   
 3.9 
   
 
   Exercise price of granted options 
    
 $ 
 58.42 
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Options exercisable at end of
period 
    
   
 968,023 
   
   
 $ 
 41.32 
   
    
   
   
   
       * Includes 1,508
shares netted for tax.        The following table
summarizes the activity of restricted stock units, including performance restricted stock units, during year ended June 30, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
 Weighted Average Grant- Date Fair Value 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term in Years 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of
period 
    
   
 1,861,510 
   
   
 $ 
 50.52 
   
    
   
 1.4 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 864,562 
   
   
   
 54.57 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Vested* 
    
   
 (584,517 
 )  
   
   
 47.77 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Expired 
    
   
 (178,376 
 )  
   
   
 50.08 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (56,784 
 )  
   
   
 50.74 
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 Outstanding at end of period 
    
   
 1,906,395 
   
   
 $ 
 53.26 
   
    
   
 1.6 
   
       * Includes 137,932
shares netted for tax.        Employee Stock
Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”).     Under the ESPP, we offer participants the right to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount during successive offering periods. Each offering period under the ESPP will be for
a period of time determined by the board of directors’ compensation committee of no less than 3 months and no more than 27 months. The purchase price for our common stock under the ESPP will be the lower of 85% of the fair market value of our
common stock on the date of grant or 85% of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of purchase. An individual participant cannot subscribe for more than $25,000 in common stock during any calendar year. At June 30, 2017, the
number of shares remaining available for future issuance under the ESPP is 0.8 million shares.      
 During years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, we issued 327,000 and 291,000 shares to our employees in two offerings and
we recognized $4.2 million and $4.3 million, respectively, of stock compensation expense associated with the ESPP.  
    
 - F21 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (12) 
   
 Stockholders’ Equity, Continued      
  The following table summarizes the total stock-based compensation costs incurred and the
associated tax benefit recognized during the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):         
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Cost of sales – capitalized as part of inventory 
    
 $ 
 2,877 
   
   
 $ 
 2,731 
   
   
 $ 
 2,605 
   
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
    
   
 37,096 
   
   
   
 36,994 
   
   
   
 38,755 
   
 
   Research and development
expenses 
    
   
 5,952 
   
   
   
 6,683 
   
   
   
 6,495 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation costs 
    
   
 45,925 
   
   
   
 46,408 
   
   
   
 47,855 
   
 
   Tax benefit* 
    
   
 (20,100 
 )  
   
   
 (25,020 
 )  
   
   
 (14,100 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation costs, net of
tax benefit 
    
 $ 
 25,825 
   
   
 $ 
 21,388 
   
   
 $ 
 33,755 
   
       * Includes an
additional tax benefit of $6.1 and $11.2 million for the years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, respectively, associated with the early adoption of ASU  2016-09,  “Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting”, discussed in Note 3 – New Accounting Pronouncements.      
 
 
 (13) 
   
 Other, net      
 Other, net, in the consolidated statements of income is comprised of the following for the years ended 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Gain (loss) on foreign currency
transactions and hedging, net 
    
 $ 
 5,434 
   
   
 $ 
 4,169 
   
   
 $ 
 5,068 
   
 
   Impairment of cost method investments 
    
   
 (1,955 
 )  
   
   
 (750 
 )  
   
   
 - 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 617 
   
   
   
 1,541 
   
   
   
 1,182 
   
 
   
    
 $ 
 4,096 
   
   
 $ 
 4,960 
   
   
 $ 
 6,250 
   
     
 
 
 (14) 
   
 Income Taxes      
 Income before income taxes for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, was taxed under the following jurisdictions (in
thousands):        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   U.S. 
    
 $ 
 (4,985 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,785 
   
    
 $ 
 11,431 
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
    
   
 423,728 
   
   
   
 437,781 
   
    
   
 424,485 
   
 
   
    
 $ 
 418,743 
   
   
 $ 
 439,566 
   
    
 $ 
 435,916 
   
 
    
 - F22 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (14) 
   
 Income Taxes, Continued      
  The provision for income taxes is presented below (in thousands):    
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Current: Federal 
    
 $ 
 16,468 
   
   
 $ 
 24,325 
   
   
 $ 
 28,429 
   
 
     State 
    
   
 (1,159 
 )  
   
   
 5,805 
   
   
   
 695 
   
 
 
   Non-U.S. 
    
   
 65,612 
   
   
   
 58,023 
   
   
   
 50,892 
   
 
   
    
   
 80,921 
   
   
   
 88,153 
   
   
   
 80,016 
   
 
   Deferred: Federal 
    
   
 11,385 
   
   
   
 5,640 
   
   
   
 (4,269 
 )  
 
       State 
    
   
 2,706 
   
   
   
 (1,644 
 )  
   
   
 (180 
 )  
 
 
     Non-U.S. 
    
   
 (18,553 
 )  
   
   
 (4,992 
 )  
   
   
 7,463 
   
 
   
    
   
 (4,462 
 )  
   
   
 (996 
 )  
   
   
 3,014 
   
 
   Provision for income
taxes 
    
 $ 
 76,459 
   
   
 $ 
 87,157 
   
   
 $ 
 83,030 
   
       The provision for
income taxes differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the applicable U.S. federal income tax rate of 35% to pretax income as a result of the following (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Taxes computed at statutory U.S. rate 
    
 $ 
 146,560 
   
   
 $ 
 153,848 
   
   
 $ 
 152,570 
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   State income taxes, net of U.S. tax benefit 
    
   
 (1,294 
 )  
   
   
 2,573 
   
   
   
 348 
   
 
   Research and development credit 
    
   
 (2,804 
 )  
   
   
 (5,138 
 )  
   
   
 (4,821 
 )  
 
   Tax effect of dividends 
    
   
 97,662 
   
   
   
 80,754 
   
   
   
 56,219 
   
 
   Change in valuation allowance 
    
   
 4,021 
   
   
   
 (5,882 
 )  
   
   
 (614 
 )  
 
   Effect of  non-U.S.  tax
rates 
    
   
 (97,141 
 )  
   
   
 (91,124 
 )  
   
   
 (87,721 
 )  
 
   Foreign tax credits 
    
   
 (67,689 
 )  
   
   
 (44,835 
 )  
   
   
 (36,725 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
    
   
 (3,107 
 )  
   
   
 (8,170 
 )  
   
   
 3,158 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 251 
   
   
   
 5,131 
   
   
   
 616 
   
 
   
    
 $ 
 76,459 
   
   
 $ 
 87,157 
   
   
 $ 
 83,030 
   
 
    
 - F23 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (14) 
   
 Income Taxes, Continued      
  The components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 2017 and
June 30, 2016, are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Employee liabilities 
    
 $ 
 19,275 
   
    
 $ 
 15,514 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 10,126 
   
    
   
 9,714 
   
 
   Provision for warranties 
    
   
 4,766 
   
    
   
 4,081 
   
 
   Provision for doubtful debts 
    
   
 2,967 
   
    
   
 3,708 
   
 
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
    
   
 36,117 
   
    
   
 33,881 
   
 
   Capital loss carryover 
    
   
 2,625 
   
    
   
 2,109 
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 3,850 
   
    
   
 - 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
    
   
 15,143 
   
    
   
 15,460 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 5,805 
   
    
   
 4,655 
   
 
   
    
   
 100,674 
   
    
   
 89,122 
   
 
   Less valuation allowance 

    
   
 (15,259 
 )  
    
   
 (10,807 
 )  
 
   Deferred tax assets 
    
   
 85,415 
   
    
   
 78,315 
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Unrealized foreign exchange gains 
    
   
 (735 
 )  
    
   
 (1,016 
 )  
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (4,383 
 )  
 
   Goodwill and other intangibles 
    
   
 (36,999 
 )  
    
   
 (26,481 
 )  
 
   Deferred
tax liabilities 
    
   
 (37,734 
 )  
    
   
 (31,880 
 )  
 
   Net deferred tax asset 
    
 $ 
 47,681 
   
    
 $ 
 46,435 
   
       We reported the net
deferred tax assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, as follows (in thousands):    
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Non-current  deferred tax
asset 
    
   
 61,503 
   
    
   
 55,496 
   
 
   Non-current  deferred tax
liability 
    
   
 (13,822 
 )  
    
   
 (9,061 
 )  
 
   Net
deferred tax asset 
    
 $ 
 47,681 
   
    
 $ 
 46,435 
   
       As of June 30,
2017, we had $114.6 million of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and $90.4 million of  non-U.S.  net operating loss carryforwards, which expire in various years beginning in 2018
or carry forward indefinitely.        The valuation
allowance at June 30, 2017 relates to a provision for uncertainty of the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards of $12.1 million and capital loss and other items of $3.2 million. We believe that it is more likely than not
that the benefits of deferred tax assets, net of any valuation allowance, will be realized.  
    
 - F24 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (14) 
   
 Income Taxes, Continued      
  A substantial portion of our manufacturing operations and administrative functions in
Malaysia and Singapore operate under various tax holidays and tax incentive programs that will expire in whole or in part at various dates through June 30, 2020. The end of certain tax holidays may be extended if specific conditions are met.
The net impact of these tax holidays and tax incentive programs increased our net earnings by $19.5 million ($0.14 per diluted share) for the year ended June 30, 2017 and $19.2 million ($0.14 per diluted share) for the year ended
June 30, 2016.        At June 30, 2017,
applicable U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on the accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are expected to be permanently reinvested. The total amount of these undistributed earnings at
June 30, 2017 amounted to approximately $1.5 billion. If these earnings had not been permanently reinvested, deferred taxes of approximately $358 million would have been recognized in the consolidated financial statements.  
     In accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, we recognize
a tax benefit in the financial statements for an uncertain tax position only if management’s assessment is that the position is “more likely than not” (that is, a likelihood greater than 50 percent) to be allowed by the tax
jurisdiction based solely on the technical merits of the position. The term “tax position” refers to a position in a previously filed tax return or a position expected to be taken in a future tax return that is reflected in measuring
current or deferred income tax assets and liabilities for annual periods. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
Accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheets. Based on all known facts and circumstances and current tax law, we believe the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits on
June 30, 2017, is not material to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, and if recognized, would not have a material impact on our effective tax rate.  
     Our income tax returns are based on calculations and
assumptions subject to audit by various tax authorities. In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. We regularly assess the potential outcomes of examinations by
tax authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We are currently under audit by the Australian Taxation Office for the tax years 2009 to 2013. Although we do not believe that any material adjustments will result from
this audit, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. Any final assessment resulting from tax audits may result in material changes to our past or future taxable income, tax payable or deferred tax assets, and may require us to
pay penalties and interest that could materially adversely affect our financial results.      
 
 
 (15) 
   
 Segment Information      
 We predominantly operate in a single operating segment, which is the sleep and respiratory disorders sector of the medical device
industry. Due to the acquisition of Brightree LLC in April 2016, our operations now include the supply of business management software and services to medical equipment and home health providers. However, these operations, both in terms of revenue
and profit, are not material to our global operations and therefore have not been separately reported as a segment.  
    
 - F25 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (15) 
   
 Segment Information, Continued      
  Sales of devices for each of the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, were
$1,161.0 million, $1,064.2 million and $975.9 million, respectively. Sales of masks and other accessories for each of the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, were $767.7 million, $745.6 million and
$703.0 million, respectively. We allocate revenue to a geographic area based on where the products are shipped to or where the services are performed. Revenue information by geographic area for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015,
is summarized below (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   Revenue from external sources
for the years   ended June 30, 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 1,229,196 
   
    
 $ 
 1,056,453 
   
    
 $ 
 904,342 
   
 
   Germany 
    
   
 153,283 
   
    
   
 163,257 
   
    
   
 184,245 
   
 
   Rest of the World 
    
   
 684,258 
   
    
   
 619,003 
   
    
   
 590,325 
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,066,737 
   
    
 $ 
 1,838,713 
   
    
 $ 
 1,678,912 
   
       Long-lived assets of
geographic areas are those assets used in our operations in each geographical area, and excludes goodwill, other intangible assets, and deferred tax assets. Long-lived assets by geographic area as of June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, is summarized
below (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Long lived assets at June 30, 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 150,677 
   
    
 $ 
 148,789 
   
    
 $ 
 140,344 
   
 
   Australia 
    
   
 183,159 
   
    
   
 185,978 
   
    
   
 197,609 
   
 
   Rest of the World 
    
   
 60,405 
   
    
   
 49,509 
   
    
   
 49,805 
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 394,241 
   
    
 $ 
 384,276 
   
    
 $ 
 387,758 
   
     
 
 
 (16) 
   
 Stock-based Employee Compensation      
 We measure the compensation expense of all stock-based awards at fair value on the grant date. We estimate the fair value of stock options
and purchase rights granted under the ESPP using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The fair value of restricted stock units is equal to the market value of the underlying shares as determined at the grant date less the fair value of dividends that
holders are not entitled to, during the vesting period. We recognize the fair value as compensation expense using the straight-line method over the service period for awards expected to vest.  
    
 - F26 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (16) 
   
 Stock-based Employee Compensation, Continued      
  We estimate the fair value of stock options granted under our stock option plans and
purchase rights granted under the ESPP using the following assumptions:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Stock options: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Weighted average grant date fair
value 
    
   
 $10.89 
   
   
   
 $12.18 
   
 
   Weighted average risk-free interest
rate 
    
   
 1.61 
 %  
   
   
 1.66 
 %  
 
   Expected life in years 
    
   
 4.9 
   
   
   
 4.9 
   
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 2.02% - 2.29 
 %  
   
   
 2.06% - 2.09 
 %  
 
   Expected
volatility 
    
   
 25 
 %  
   
   
 27 
 %  
 
   ESPP purchase
rights: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Weighted average grant date fair
value 
    
   
 $12.50 
   
   
   
 $13.61 
   
 
   Weighted average risk-free interest
rate 
    
   
 0.5 
 %  
   
   
 0.2 
 %  
 
   Expected life in years 
    
   
 6 months 
   
   
   
 6 months 
   
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 1.92% - 2.27 
 %  
   
   
 1.96% - 2.14 
 %  
 
   Expected
volatility 
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 23% - 32 
 %  
       During the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, we granted 243,000 and 208,000, performance restricted stock units (“PRSUs”), which contain a market condition, with the ultimate realizable number of PRSUs dependent on relative total
stockholder return over a three-year period, up to a maximum amount to be issued under the award of 200% of the original grant. The weighted average grant date fair value of PRSUs granted during the fiscal years 2017 and 2016 was estimated at $51.60
and $53.11 per PRSU, respectively, using a Monte-Carlo simulation valuation model.      
 
 
 (17) 
   
 Employee Retirement Plans      
 We contribute to a number of employee retirement plans for the benefit of our employees. Details of the main plans are as follows:
       (1) Australia - We contribute to defined
contribution plans for each employee resident in Australia. All Australian employees, after serving a qualifying period, are entitled to benefits on retirement, disability or death. Employees may contribute additional funds to the plans. We
contribute to the plans at the rate of approximately 9.5% of the salaries of all Australian employees. Our total contributions to the plans for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, were $9.9 million, $9.1 million and
$9.9 million, respectively.        (2) United
States - We sponsor a defined contribution plan available to substantially all domestic employees. Company contributions to this plan are based on a percentage of employee contributions to a maximum of 4% of the employee’s salary. Our total
contributions to the plan were $4.3 million, $3.3 million and $3.2 million in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      
 (3) Singapore - We sponsor a defined contribution plan available to substantially all domestic employees. Company contributions to this
plan are based on a percentage of employee contributions to a maximum of 16% of the employee’s salary. Our total contributions to the plan were $1.7 million, $1.4 million and $1.2 million in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.  
    
 - F27 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   

 
 
 (18) 
   
 Commitments      
 We lease buildings, motor vehicles and office equipment under operating leases. We expense rental charges for operating leases on a
straight-line basis over the lease term taking into account rent concessions or holidays. Rent expenses under operating leases for the years ended June 30, 2017, 2016 and 2015, were approximately $20.1 million, $17.4 million and
$17.0 million, respectively. At June 30, 2017 we had the following future minimum lease payments under  non-cancelable  operating leases (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fiscal Years 
    
 Operating Leases 
   


 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 19,232 
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 14,208 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 7,912 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 5,030 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 4,009 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 7,852 
   
 
   Total minimum lease
payments 
    
 $ 
 58,243 
   
     
 
 
 (19) 
   
 Legal Actions and Contingencies      
 Litigation      
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to routine litigation incidental to our business. While the results of this litigation
cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that their final outcome will not, individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.  
     Contingent Obligations Under Recourse Provisions
       We use independent leasing companies to
provide financing to certain customers for the purchase of our products. In some cases, we are contingently liable in the event of a customer default, to the leasing companies, within certain limits, for unpaid installment receivables transferred to
the leasing companies. The gross amount of receivables sold, with recourse, during the fiscal years 2017 and 2016, amounted to $99.3 million and $67.1 million, respectively. The maximum potential amount of contingent liability under these
arrangements at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, were $27.5 million, and $12.9 million, respectively. The recourse liability recognized by us at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 in relation to these arrangements was
$1.4 million and $0.7 million, respectively.      
 
 
 (20) 
   
 Fair Value Measurements      
 In determining the fair value measurements of our financial assets and liabilities, we consider the principal and most advantageous market
in which we transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the financial asset or liability. We maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.
 
    
 - F28 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (20) 
   
 Fair Value Measurements, Continued      
  The hierarchies of inputs are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
   •    Level 1: 
    
 Input prices quoted in an active market for identical financial assets or liabilities; 
 
 
 
 
   •    Level 2: 
    
 Inputs other than prices quoted in Level 1, such as prices quoted for similar financial assets and liabilities in active markets, prices for identical assets and liabilities in
markets that are not active or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data; and 
 
 
 
 
   •    Level 3: 
    
 Input prices quoted that are significant to the fair value of the financial assets or liabilities which are not observable nor supported by an active market. 
       The following table
summarizes our financial assets and liabilities, as at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 using the valuation input hierarchy (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Balances at June 30, 2017 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Foreign currency hedging instruments, net 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 2,760 
   
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 2,760 
   
 
   Business acquisition contingent
consideration 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 (1,580 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (1,580 
 )  
 
   Balances at June 30, 2016 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Foreign currency hedging instruments, net 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 4,185 
 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 4,185 
 
 
   Business acquisition contingent
consideration 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 (10,450 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (10,450 
 )  
       We determine the fair
value of our financial assets and liabilities as follows:        Foreign currency options – These financial instruments are valued using third-party valuation models based on market observable inputs, including interest rate curves,
 on-market  spot currency prices, volatilities and credit risk.      
 Contingent consideration – These liabilities include the fair value estimates of additional future payments that may be required for
some of our previous business acquisitions based on the achievement of certain performance milestones. Each potential future payment is valued using the estimated probability of achieving each milestone, which is then discounted to present value.
       During the year ended June 30, 2017 we
recognized a charge of $10.1 million representing additional contingent consideration associated with the acquisition of Curative Medical Technology Inc. (“Curative Medical”), following the achievement of performance milestones under
the purchase agreement which exceeded our earlier expectations.        The following is a reconciliation of changes in the fair value of contingent consideration during fiscal years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   
    
   
 2017 
   
    
   
 2016 
   
 
   Balance at the beginning of the
period 
    
 $ 
 (10,450 
 )  
    
 $ 
   (1,584 
 )  
 
   Acquisition date fair value of contingent
consideration 
    
   
 (1,580 
 )  
    
   
 (13,107 
 )  
 
   Changes in fair value included in
operating income 
    
   
 (10,076 
 )  
    
   
 2,986 
   
 
   Payments 
    
   
 20,142 
   
    
   
 1,228 
   
 
   Foreign
currency translation adjustments 
    
   
 384 
   
    
   
 27 
   
 
   Balance
at the end of the period 
    
 $ 
   (1,580 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (10,450 
 )  
 
    
 - F29 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (20) 
   
 Fair Value Measurements, Continued      
  We did not have any significant  non-financial 
assets or liabilities measured at fair value on June 30, 2017 or June 30, 2016.      
 
 
 (21) 
   
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities      
 We transact business in various foreign currencies, including a number of major European currencies as well as the Australian and
Singapore dollars. We have significant foreign currency exposure through both our Australian and Singaporean manufacturing activities, and international sales operations. We have established a foreign currency hedging program using purchased
currency options and forward contracts to hedge foreign-currency-denominated financial assets, liabilities and manufacturing cash flows. The terms of such foreign currency hedging contracts generally do not exceed three years. The goal of this
hedging program is to economically manage the financial impact of foreign currency exposures denominated mainly in Euros, Australian and Singapore dollars. Under this program, increases or decreases in our foreign currency denominated financial
assets, liabilities, and firm commitments are partially offset by gains and losses on the hedging instruments.      
 We do not designate these foreign currency contracts as hedges. We have determined our hedge program to be a  non-effective  hedge as defined under the FASB issued authoritative guidance. All movements in the fair value of the foreign currency instruments are recorded within other income, net in our consolidated statements
of income and through changes in our operating assets and liabilities within our consolidated statements of cash flows. We do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.  
     We held foreign currency instruments with notional amounts
totaling $568.2 million and $612.2 million at June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, respectively, to hedge foreign currency fluctuations. These contracts mature at various dates prior to June 30, 2019.  
     The following table summarizes the amount and location of
our derivative financial instruments as of June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 June 30, 2016 
   
    
 Balance Sheet Caption 
   


 
   Foreign currency hedging instruments 
    
 $ 
 2,614 
   
    
 $ 
 2,346 
 
    
   
 Other assets - current 
   
 
   Foreign currency hedging instruments 
    
   
 1,273 
   
    
   
 2,082 
 
    
   
 Other assets - non current 
   
 
   Foreign currency hedging
instruments 
    
   
 (1,127 
 )  
    
   
 (243 
 )  
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 $ 
 2,760 
   
    
 $ 
 4,185 
 
    
   
   
   
       The following table
summarizes the amount and location of gains (losses) associated with our derivative financial instruments and other foreign-currency-denominated transactions for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016, respectively (in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gain /(Loss) Recognized 
   
   
 Income Statement Caption 
   
 
   
    
 Year Ended June 30, 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
   
   


 
   Foreign currency hedging instruments 
    
 $ 
 1,812 
   
    
 $ 
 (5,192 
 )  
   
   
 Other, net 
   
 
   Other foreign-currency-denominated transactions 
    
   
 3,622 
   
    
   
 9,361 
   
   
   
 Other, net 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 $ 
 5,434 
   
    
 $ 
 4,169 
   
   
   
 Other, net 
   
       We are exposed to
credit-related losses in the event of  non-performance  by counter parties to financial instruments. We minimize counterparty credit risk by entering into derivative transactions with major financial
institutions and we do not expect material losses as a result of default by our counterparties.  
    
 - F30 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   

 
 
 (22) 
   
 Business Combinations      
 Fiscal year ended June 30, 2017      
 On May 31, 2017, we completed the acquisition of assets in Conduit Technology, LLC (“Conduit”), a provider of documentation
and workflow solutions. On June 30, 2017, we completed the acquisition of assets in AllCall Connect, LLC (“AllCall”), a provider of a live-calling solution for CPAP patient resupply. These acquisitions have been accounted for as
business combinations using purchase accounting and are included in our consolidated financial statements from their respective acquisition dates. The acquisitions, individually and collectively, are not considered a material business combination
and accordingly pro forma information is not provided. The acquisitions were funded through cash  on-hand.       
 We have not yet completed the purchase price allocations associated with the Conduit and AllCall acquisitions. We expect to complete our
Conduit and AllCall purchase price allocations during the quarter ending September 30, 2017. We do not believe that the completion of this work will materially modify the preliminary purchase price allocation for Conduit or AllCall. The cost of
the acquisitions was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimates of their fair values at the date of acquisition. The goodwill recognized as part of these acquisitions, which is deductible for tax purposes, mainly
represents the synergies that are unique to our combined businesses and the potential for new products and services to be developed in the future. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the estimated useful lives of
intangible assets acquired are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Preliminary 
   
    
 Intangible assets - 
useful life 
   


 
   Current assets 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 69 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Trade names 
    
   
 100 
   
    
   
 3 years 
   
 
   Non-compete 
    
   
 520 
   
    
   
 1 - 3 years 
   
 
   Developed technology 
    
   
 1,800 
   
    
   
 5 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 2,160 
   
    
   
 5 years 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 2,000 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 6,649 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Current liabilities 
    
   
 (60 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Total liabilities
assumed 
    
 $ 
 (60 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 6,589 
   
    
   
   
   
       During the year ended
June 30, 2017 we did not record material acquisition-related expenses.        Fiscal year ended June 30, 2016        Brightree        On April 4, 2016 we completed the acquisition of Brightree LLC (“Brightree”), a provider of cloud-based clinical and business management software for the post-acute care industry, for a
total purchase consideration paid of $802 million. This acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination using purchase accounting and included in our consolidated financial statements from April 4, 2016. The acquisition was
funded through cash  on-hand,  funds available from the existing revolving credit facility, an increase in the size of our revolving credit facility from $700 million to $1 billion and we also entered
into a $300 million senior unsecured  one-year  term loan credit facility.  
    
 - F31 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (22) 
   
 Business Combinations, Continued      
  We completed the purchase price allocation in relation to this acquisition during the
quarter ended March 31, 2017. The cost of the acquisition was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimates of their fair values at the date of acquisition. The goodwill recognized as part of these acquisitions,
which is deductible for tax purposes, mainly represents the synergies that are unique to our combined businesses and the potential for new products and services to be developed in the future. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, and the estimated useful lives of intangible assets acquired, are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Brightree 
   
    
 Adjustments 
   
    
 Final 
   
    
 Intangible assets – useful 
life 
   


 
   Current assets 
    
 $ 
 13,868 
 
    
   
 1,442 
 
    
   
 15,310 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 1,045 
 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 1,045 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Trade names 
    
   
 28,700 
 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 28,700 
 
    
   
 10 years 
   
 
   In-process  research and
development 
    
   
 4,100 
 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 4,100 
 
    
   
 n/a 
   
 
   Developed technology 
    
   
 114,700 
 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 114,700 
 
    
   
 5 to 6 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 51,000 
 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 51,000 
 
    
   
 10 to 15 years 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 602,090 
 
    
   
 906 
 
    
   
 602,996 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 815,503 
 
    
 $ 
 2,348 
 
    
 $ 
 817,851 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Current liabilities 
    
   
 (9,399 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (9,399 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Deferred revenue 
    
   
 (4,571 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (4,571 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 

    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Total liabilities
assumed 
    
 $ 
 (13,970 
 )  
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 (13,970 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 801,533 
 
    
 $ 
 2,348 
 
    
 $ 
 803,881 
 
    
   
   
   
       The acquisition is
considered a material business combination and accordingly unaudited pro forma information presented below for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, include the effects of pro forma adjustments as if the acquisition of Brightree
occurred on July 1, 2014. The pro forma results were prepared using the acquisition method of accounting and combine our historical results and Brightree’s for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, including the effects of
the business combination, primarily amortization expense related to the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired, interest expense associated with the financing obtained by us in connection with the acquisition, and the elimination of
incurred acquisition-related costs.        The pro
forma financial information presented below is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented, nor is it intended to be a projection
of future results.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Unaudited Proforma Consolidated Results 
    
 Years Ended June 30, 
   
 
 (In thousands, except per share information) 
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,931,257 
   
    
 $ 
 1,780,727 
   
 
   Net income attributable to stockholders 
    
 $ 
 354,565 
   
    
 $ 
 347,563 
   
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 2.53 
   
    
 $ 
 2.47 
   
 
   Diluted earnings per
share 
    
 $ 
 2.54 
   
    
 $ 
 2.44 
   
 
    
 - F32 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (22) 
   
 Business Combinations, Continued      
  The unaudited pro forma consolidated results for the years ended June 30, 2016, and
2015 reflect primarily the following pro forma  pre-tax  adjustments:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Addition of net amortization expense related to the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired of $19.9 million and $26.2 million
for the years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, respectively.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Addition of net interest expense associated with debt that was issued to finance the acquisition of $16.1 million and $16.5 million for the
years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, respectively.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Elimination of  pre-tax  acquisition-related costs totaling $4.1 million from the results for the year ended
June 30, 2016.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Addition of net income tax expense of $1.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2016 and elimination of net income tax expense of
$3.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2015, respectively.        Although Brightree and its U.S. subsidiaries had historically elected to be treated as a partnership for U.S. Federal and state income tax purposes, and therefore, no income tax expense or benefit was
previously recognized by Brightree in the U.S., the pro forma financial information assumes that Brightree’s historical income tax expense is based on a U.S. statutory rate of 37%. Brightree’s historical income tax expense was a benefit of
$1.2 million and $0.4 million for the twelve months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The effective tax rate of the combined company could be significantly different depending on post-acquisition activities, such as the tax
treatment applicable to each entity and the geographical mix of taxable income affecting state and foreign taxes, among other factors.      
 Other Acquisitions      
 On October 2, 2015, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares in Curative Medical Technology Inc., a leading provider of  non-invasive  ventilation and sleep-disordered breathing medical devices and accessories in China. Curative Medical has its manufacturing base in Suzhou, China, offices in Beijing, Germany and the United States, and
a distributor network throughout China and in other select markets. On November 6, 2015, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares in Maribo Medico A/S, a distributor of medical equipment for treating, diagnosing, and managing
sleep-disordered breathing and other respiratory disorders in Denmark and the Nordics. On November 30, 2015, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares in Bennett Precision Tooling Pty Ltd, an Australian based company that designs and
manufactures tools specializing in applications for Liquid Silicon Rubber. On January 29, 2016, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares in Inova Labs Inc. (“Inova Labs”), a medical device company specializing in the
development and commercialization of innovative oxygen therapy products. These acquisitions have been accounted for as business combinations using purchase accounting and are included in our consolidated financial statements from their respective
acquisition dates. The acquisitions, individually and collectively, are not considered a material business combination and accordingly pro forma information is not provided. The acquisitions were funded through cash
 on-hand  and by drawing on our existing credit facility.  
    
 - F33 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
 (22) 
   
 Business Combinations, Continued      
  We have completed the purchase price allocation in relation to all these acquisitions.
The cost of the acquisitions was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on estimates of their fair values at the date of acquisition. The goodwill recognized as part of these acquisitions, which is not deductible for tax
purposes, mainly represents the synergies that are unique to our combined businesses and the potential for new products and services to be developed in the future. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the estimated useful
lives of intangible assets acquired are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   
    
   
 Preliminary 
   
    
   
 Adjustments 
   
    
   
 Final 
   
    
   
 Intangible assets – useful life 
   
 
   Current assets 
    
 $ 
 49,370 
 
    
   
 3,184 
 
    
   
 52,554 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 5,294 
 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 5,294 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Trade names 
    
   
 17,400 
 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 17,400 
 
    
   
 7 years 
   
 
   Non-compete 
    
   
 1,400 
 
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 1,400 
 
    
   
 5 years 
   
 
   Developed technology 
    
   
 20,515 
 
    
   
 585 
 
    
   
 21,100 
 
    
   
 5 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 37,303 
 
    
   
 600 
 
    
   
 37,903 
 
    
   
 5 to 8 years 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 194,216 
 
    
   
 (3,551 
 )  
    
   
 190,665 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 325,498 
 
    
 $ 
 818 
 
    
 $ 
 326,316 
 
    
   
   
   
 
   Current liabilities 
    
   
 (21,147 
 )  
    
   
 (370 
 )  
    
   
 (21,517 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Debt assumed 
    
   
 (21,201 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (21,201 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Deferred revenue 
    
   
 (4,283 
 )  
    
   
 - 
   
    
   
 (4,283 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 

    
   
 (19,207 
 )  
    
   
 (448 
 )  
    
   
 (19,655 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   Total liabilities
assumed 
    
 $ 
 (65,838 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (818 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (66,656 
 )  
    
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 259,660 
 
    
 $ 
 - 
   
    
 $ 
 259,660 
 
    
   
   
   
       During the year ended
June 30, 2016, we recorded $5.3 million in acquisition-related expenses.      
 
 
 (23) 
   
 Restructuring Expenses      
 During the year ended June 30, 2017, we incurred restructuring expenses of $12.4 million associated with the reorganization of
our Paris manufacturing activities and German research and development activities. The restructuring expenses consisted primarily of severance payments to employees, site closure costs and associated project cancellation costs. We recorded the full
amount of $12.4 million during the year ended June 30, 2017, within our operating expenses and separately disclosed the amount as restructuring expenses. We had $6.5 million remaining in our employee related costs accrual at year end.
       During the year ended June 30, 2016, we
incurred restructuring expenses of $6.9 million associated with rationalizing our European research & development operations and manufacturing facilities. The restructuring expenses consisted primarily of severance payments and an
asset write-down of a legacy manufacturing facility. We recorded and paid the full amount of $6.9 million during the year ended June 30, 2016, within our operating expenses and separately disclosed the amount as restructuring expenses.
       We did not recognize any restructuring expense
for the year ended June 30, 2015.  
    
 - F34 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   

 
 
 (24) 
   
 Litigation Settlement Expenses      
 During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 we recognized litigation settlement expenses of $8.5 million associated with an
agreement with Chinese manufacturer, BMC Medical, and its U.S. distributor, 3B, to settle all outstanding disputes. The material terms of the settlement were:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   ResMed paid 3B the amount of $8.5 million to settle all claims in the Florida case, including claims against our three customers.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   We agreed that for five years from the date of the agreement, we would not initiate legal suit against BMC for patent infringement for selling their
range of devices and masks that were the subject of the current dispute. BMC agreed to pay us royalties on the sale of those products in the United States.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Mutual release and dismissal of all litigation current at the time of settlement, worldwide, including all validity challenges. It was agreed that
neither party will initiate legal suit against the other for a period of five years without a 90 day meet and confer process.  
    
 - F35 -  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  S CHEDULE  II
       R ES M ED  I NC .  AND  S UBSIDIARIES     V ALUATION   AND  Q UALIFYING  A CCOUNTS   AND  R ESERVES   
 Y EARS  E NDED  J UNE  30, 2017, 2016  AND  2015  
 (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Charged to costs and expenses 
   
    
 Other (deductions) 
   
   
 Balance at end of period 
   


 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   Year ended June 30, 2017 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   Applied against asset account 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Allowance for doubtful
accounts 
    
 $ 
 12,555 
   
    
   
 4,269 
   
    
   
 (5,674 
 )  
   
 $ 
 11,150 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   Year ended June 30, 2016 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   Applied against asset account 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Allowance for doubtful
accounts 
    
 $ 
 12,276 
   
    
   
 3,383 
   
    
   
 (3,104 
 )  
   
 $ 
 12,555 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   Year ended June 30, 2015 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   Applied against asset account 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Allowance for doubtful
accounts 
    
 $ 
 10,971 
   
    
   
 3,559 
   
    
   
 (2,254 
 )  
   
 $ 
 12,276 
   
       See accompanying report of
independent registered public accounting firm.  

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES      
   SIGNATURES      
 Under the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the authorized persons below.        DATED August 3, 2017        ResMed Inc.      
 


 
 


 
   / S /    M ICHAEL  J.
F ARRELL         
 
 Michael J. Farrell 
 
 Chief executive officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
       Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SIGNATURE 
    
 TITLE 
   
 DATE 


 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    M ICHAEL  J.
F ARRELL           Michael J.
Farrell 
    
   Chief executive officer and director   (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    B RETT  A.
S ANDERCOCK           Brett
A. Sandercock 
    
   Chief financial officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and   Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    P ETER  C.
F ARRELL           Peter C.
Farrell 
    
   Non-executive  chairman 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    C HRISTOPHER  G.
R OBERTS         
 Christopher G. Roberts 
    
   Director 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    C AROL  J.
B URT           Carol J.
Burt 
    
   Director 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    G ARY  W.
P ACE           Gary W.
Pace 
    
   Director 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    R ICHARD 
S ULPIZIO         Richard
Sulpizio 
    
   Director 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    R ON 
T AYLOR           Ron
Taylor 
    
   Director 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
   / S /    J OHN  P.
W AREHAM           John P.
Wareham 
    
   Director 
   
 August 3, 2017 
 
      S-1
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R ES M ED  I NC .  AND 
S UBSIDIARIES     E XHIBIT  I NDEX   
     The following documents are filed as part of this report:  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 (a) 
    
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules – The index to our consolidated financial statements and schedules are set forth in the “Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements” under Item 8 of this report. 
 
 
 
 
 (b) 
    
 Exhibit Lists 
 
 
 
 
 2.1 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 19, 2016, by and among ResMed Corp., Eagle Acquisition Sub LLC, Brightree LLC, Shareholder Representative Services LLC and
ResMed Inc. (18)** 
 
 
 
 
 3.1 
    
 First Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ResMed Inc., as amended. (16) 
 
 
 
 
 3.2 
    
 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of ResMed
Inc. (13) 
 
 
 
 
 4.1 
    
 Form of certificate evidencing shares of Common
Stock. (1) 
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
    
 Licensing Agreement between the University of Sydney and ResMed Ltd dated May 17, 1991, as amended. (1) 
 
 
 
 
 10.2* 
    
 ResMed Inc. 2006 Incentive Award
Plan. (6) 
 
 
 
 
 10.3* 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the ResMed Inc. 2006 Incentive Award Plan. (3) 
 
 
 
 
 10.4* 
    
 2006 Grant agreement for Board of
Directors. (3) 
 
 
 
 
 10.5* 
    
 2006 Grant agreement for Executive
Officers. (5) 
 
 
 
 
 10.6* 
    
 2006 Grant agreement for Australian Executive Officers. (5) 
 
 
 
 
 10.7* 
    
 Form of Executive Agreement. (4) 
 
 
 
 
 10.8* 
    
 Amended and Restated 2006 Incentive Award Plan dated November 20, 2008. (7) 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreements for our directors and officers. (8) 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
    
 Form of Access Agreement for
directors. (8) 
 
 
 
 
 10.11* 
    
 Updated Form of Executive
Agreement. (2)(12) 
 
 
 
 
 10.12 
    
 ResMed Inc. 2009 Incentive Award
Plan. (9) 
 
 
 
 
 10.13 
    
 ResMed Inc. 2009 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan. (9) 
 
 
 
 
 10.14 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the ResMed Inc. 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (14) 
 
 
 
 
 10.15 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award
Agreement. (9) 
 
 
 
 
 10.16 
    
 ResMed Inc. Deferred Compensation
Plan. (10) 
 
 
 
 
 10.17 
    
 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2013, among ResMed Inc., the lenders Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger, swing line lender and letters
of credit issuer and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger. (17) 
 
 
 
 
 10.18 
    
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of April 4, 2016, by and among ResMed, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint
lead arranger, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger. (19) 
 
 
 
 
 10.19 
    
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of January 9, 2017, among ResMed Inc., as borrower, the lenders, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as successor in interest to Union Bank,
N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and joint lead arranger. (22) 

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 10.20 
    
 Term Loan Credit Agreement dated April 4, 2016, among ResMed Inc., as borrower, the lenders, Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, joint lead arranger and joint book
runner, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as joint lead arranger and joint book runner and HSBC Bank Australia Limited, as joint lead arranger and joint book runner. (20) 
 
 
 
 
 10.21 
    
 Unconditional Guaranty entered into as of April 4, 2016, by each of ResMed Corp., ResMed Motor Technologies Inc., Birdie Inc., Inova Labs, Inc., Brightree LLC, Brightree
Services LLC, Brightree Home Health & Hospice LLC and Strategic AR LLC., in favor of Union Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. (21) 
 
 
 
 
 10.22 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers. (11) 
 
 
 
 
 10.23 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Directors. (11) 
 
 
 
 
 10.24 
    
 Form of Stock Option Grant for Executive
Officers. (11) 
 
 
 
 
 10.25 
    
 Form of Stock Option Grant for
Directors. (11) 
 
 
 
 
 10.26 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Executive Officers. (15) 
 
 
 
 
 21.1 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (23) 
 
 
 
 
 23.1 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. (23) 
 
 
 
 
 31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (23) 
 
 
 
 
 31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (23) 
 
 
 
 
 32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (23) 
 
 
 
 
 101 
    
   The following materials from ResMed Inc.’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) related notes. 
   
 
 
 
 * 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement  
 
 
 ** 
 Exhibits and schedules have been omitted as authorized by Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation  S-K.  The Registrant will supplementally
furnish copies of any of the omitted exhibits and schedules if the SEC requests; provided, however, that the Registrant may request confidential treatment for any exhibits or schedules it furnishes, under Rule
 24b-2  of the Exchange Act.  
 
 
 (1)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form  S-1  (No.  33-91094)  declared effective on June 1, 1995.  
 
 
 (2)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended June 30, 2009.
 
 
 
 (3)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended December 31,
2006.  
 
 
 (4)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on July 13, 2007.
 
 
 
 (5)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  10-K  for the year ended June 30, 2007.
 
 
 
 (6)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on November 15, 2006.
 
 
 
 (7)   
   Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on October 15, 2008.
 
 
 
 (8)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on June 24, 2009.
 
 
 
 (9)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on November 23, 2009.
 
 
 
 (10)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on May 25, 2010.
 
 
 
 (11)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 30,
2011.  
 
 
 (12)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on July 2, 2012.
 
 
 
 (13)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K/A  filed on September 17, 2012.
 
 
 
 (14)   
   Incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on October 4, 2012.
 
 
 
 (15)   
   Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on November 21, 2012.
 
 
 
 (16)   
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended
September 30, 2013  
 
 
 (17)   
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on
November 5, 2013  
 
 
 (18)   
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on February 22,
2016.  
 
 
 ( 19 )   
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on April 4,
2016.  
 
 
 (20)   
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on April 4,
2016.  
 
 
 (21)   
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on April 4,
2016.  
 
 
 (22)   
   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Report on Form  8-K  filed on January 12,
2017.  
 
 
 ( 23 )   
   Filed with this report.     
 
 
 
