
 10-K
 1
 tm2011880-1_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
      
 
 

 

 

   

   



 UNITED STATES  

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

   



 FORM 10-K 

   



 (Mark One)  

 
 
     x 
     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 
   

 For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2019  

 Or    

 
 
     ¨ 
     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 
   

 For the transition period from                   
to                   

 To  

 Commission File No. 001-38518 

   



 Vertiv
Holdings Co 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

   



   

 
 
   
   
   
 
 Delaware 
   
 81-2376902 
 
 (State
or other jurisdiction of 
   
 (I.R.S.
Employer 
 
 incorporation
or organization)    
   
 Identification
No.)    
 
   
   
   
 
 1050 Dearborn
Drive 
   
 43085 
 
 Columbus, Ohio
   
   
 (Zip Code)   
 
 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
   
 


 (614) 888-0246 

 (Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code)  

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:  

   

 
 
 Title of each class 
   
 Trading   
Symbol(s)    
   
 Name of each exchange   
on which registered    
 
 Units, each consisting of one share of 
 Class A common stock, $0.0001 par  
value per share, and one-third of one 
 redeemable warrant to purchase one 
 share of Class A common stock 
   
 VERT.U 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 Class A common stock, $0.0001 par 
 value per share 
   
 VRT 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 Redeemable warrants to purchase  
Class A common stock 
   
 VRT WS 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:  

 None 

   

   






 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes   ¨    No   x 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No   ¨ 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files).    Yes   x     No   ¨ 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
 “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

   

 
 
     Large accelerated filer 
       
     ¨ 
       
       
     Accelerated filer 
       
     x 
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
     Non-accelerated filer 
       
     ¨ 
       
       
     Smaller reporting company 
       
     x 
 
       
       
       
       
       
       
 
       
       
       
       
       
     Emerging growth company 
       
     x 
 
   

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):    Yes   ¨     No   x 

 At June 30, 2019 (the last business day of the Registrant’s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the Registrant’s Class A common stock
outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, was approximately $697.4 million. 

 As of March 9, 2020, there were 328,411,705 shares of the
our Class A common stock, par value $0.0001, issued and outstanding. 

   



 

   

   

 

 

 

 
       
       
     

   




 GS ACQUISITION HOLDINGS CORP  

 FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2018  

 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   

 
 
       
       
       
     PAGE 
     
 
     PART
    I.  
       
     
 
     Item 1. 
       
     Business 
     4 
     
 
     Item 1A. 
       
     Risk Factors 
     13 
     
 
     Item 1B. 
       
     Unresolved Staff
    Comments 
     36 
     
 
     Item 2. 
       
     Properties 
     36 
     
 
     Item 3. 
       
     Legal Proceedings 
     36 
     
 
     Item 4. 
       
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     36 
     
 
       
       
 
     PART
    II.  
       
     
 
     Item 5. 
       
     Market For Registrant’s
    Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     37 
     
 
     Item 6. 
       
     Selected Financial
    Data 
     38 
     
 
     Item 7. 
       
     Management’s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     40 
     
 
     Item 7A. 
       
     Quantitative and
    Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     44 
     
 
     Item 8. 
       
     Financial Statements
    and Supplementary Data 
     44 
     
 
     Item 9. 
       
     Changes in and Disagreements
    with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
     58 
     
 
     Item 9A. 
       
     Controls and Procedures 
     58 
     
 
     Item 9B. 
       
     Other Information 
     58 
     
 
       
       
 
     PART
    III.  
       
     
 
     Item 10. 
       
     Directors, Executive
    Officers and Corporate Governance 
     59 
     
 
     Item 11. 
       
     Executive Compensation 
     67 
     
 
     Item 12. 
       
     Security Ownership
    of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     83 
     
 
     Item 13. 
       
     Certain Relationships
    and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     85 
     
 
     Item 14. 
       
     Principal Accounting
    Fees and Services 
     90 
     
 
       
       
 
     PART
    IV.  
       
     
 
     Item 15. 
       
     Exhibits, Financial
    Statement Schedules 
     91 
     
 
     Item 16. 
       
     Form 10-K Summary 
     93 
     
 
   

 

 
     i 
       
     

   

 
   

 Explanatory
Note 

   

 Vertiv Holdings Co, formerly known as GS
Acquisition Holdings Corp, was originally incorporated in Delaware on April 25, 2016 as a special purpose acquisition company formed
for the purpose of effecting  a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses. On June 12, 2018, GSAH (as defined below) consummated its initial public offering
(the “ IPO ”), following which its securities began trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the “ NYSE ”). 

   

 On
February 7, 2020 (the “ Closing Date ”), Vertiv Holdings Co consummated its previously announced business
combination pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 10, 2019 (the “ Merger Agreement ”),
by and among GSAH, Vertiv Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ Vertiv Holdings ”), VPE Holdings,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “ Vertiv Stockholder ”), Crew Merger Sub I LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of GSAH (“ First Merger Sub ”), and Crew Merger Sub II
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of GSAH (“ Second Merger Sub ”).
As contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (1) First Merger Sub merged with and into Vertiv Holdings, with Vertiv Holdings continuing
as the surviving entity (the  “First Merger” ) and (2) immediately following the First Merger and as
part of the same overall transaction as the First Merger, Vertiv  Holdings merged with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second
Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and renamed “Vertiv Holdings, LLC” (the “ Second Merger ”
and, collectively with the First Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “ Business
Combination ”). 

   

 In connection with
the Business Combination, GS Acquisition Holdings Corp changed its name to Vertiv Holdings Co and changed the trading symbols for
its units,  each unit representing one share of Class A common stock and one-third of
one redeemable warrant to acquire one share of Class A common stock, that were issued in the IPO (less the number of units
that have been separated into the underlying shares of Class A common stock (the “ public shares ”) and underlying
warrants (the “ public warrants ”) upon the request of the holder thereof) (the “ units ”) ,
Class A common stock and public warrants on the NYSE from “GSAH.U,” “GSAH” and “GSAH WS,” and
to “VERT.U,” “VRT” and “VRT WS,” respectively. As a result of the Business Combination, Vertiv
Holdings Co became the  owner, directly or indirectly, of all of the assets of Vertiv and
its subsidiaries, and the Vertiv Stockholder holds a portion of the Company’s Class A common stock. 

   

 Unless the context
otherwise indicates or requires, references to (1) “ the Company ,” “ we ,” “ us ”
and “ our ” refer to Vertiv Holdings Co, a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries following the
Business Combination; (2) “ GSAH ” refer to GS Acquisition Holdings Corp prior to the Business Combination; and
(3)  “Vertiv”  refer to Vertiv Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries prior to the Business Combination.
This Annual Report on Form 10-K principally describes the business and operations of the Company following the Business Combination,
other than the financial statements and related Management Discussion and Analysis which describe the    business, financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of GSAH prior to the Business Combination. Substantially concurrently
with the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we will be filing Amendment No. 2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, initially
filed on February 7, 2020, which will include the audited consolidated financial statements of Vertiv Holdings, LLC for the year
ended December 31, 2019 and related Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
  Interested parties should refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K for more information. 

   

 

 
       2   
       
     

   

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

   

 This Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation,
statements regarding the financial position, capital structure, dividends, indebtedness, business strategy and plans and objectives
of management for future operations, including as they relate to the anticipated effects of the Business Combination (as defined
herein). These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements, and are not guarantees of performance.
Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,”
 “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,”
 “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “strive,”
 “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean
that a statement is not forward-looking. When the Company discusses its strategies or plans, including as they relate to the Business
Combination, it is making projections, forecasts or forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the beliefs of, as
well as assumptions made by and information currently available to, the Company’s management. 

   

 The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on current expectations and beliefs
concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. There can be no assurance that future developments
affecting the Company will be those that the Company has anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Company’s control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences
include, but are not limited to: (1) the benefits of the Business Combination; (2) the future financial performance
of the Company following the Business Combination; (3) the ability to maintain the listing of the Company’s
securities on the New York Stock Exchange; (4) the risk that the Business Combination disrupts current plans and
operations of the Company; (5) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, which may
be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain
relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its management and key employees; (6) costs related to the
Business Combination; (7) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company or any of its
directors or officers, following the Business Combination; (8) the failure to realize anticipated pro forma results;
(9) factors relating to the business, operations and financial performance of the Company and its subsidiaries,
including: global economic weakness and uncertainty; risks relating to the continued growth of the Company’s
customers’ markets; failure to meet or anticipate technology changes; the unpredictability of the Company’s
future operational results; disruption of the Company’s customers’ orders or the Company’s customers’
markets; less favorable contractual terms with large customers; risks associated with governmental contracts; failure to
mitigate risks associated with long-term fixed price contracts; risks associated with information technology disruption or
security; risks associated with the implementation and enhancement of information systems; failure to properly manage the
Company’s supply chain or difficulties with third-party manufacturers; competition in the infrastructure technologies
industry; failure to realize the expected benefit from any rationalization and improvement efforts; disruption of, or changes
in, the Company’s independent sales representatives, distributors and original equipment manufacturers; failure to
obtain performance and other guarantees from financial institutions; failure to realize sales expected from the
Company’s backlog of orders and contracts; changes to tax law; ongoing tax audits; risks associated with future
legislation and regulation of the Company’s customers’ markets both in the United States and abroad; costs or
liabilities associated with product liability; the Company’s ability to attract, train and retain key members of its
leadership team and other qualified personnel; the adequacy of the Company’s insurance coverage; a failure to benefit
from future acquisitions; failure to realize the value of goodwill and intangible assets; the global scope of the
Company’s operations; risks associated with the Company’s sales and operations in emerging markets; exposure to
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; the Company’s ability to comply with various laws and regulations and
the costs associated with legal compliance; adverse outcomes to any legal claims and proceedings filed by or against us; the
Company’s ability to protect or enforce its proprietary rights on which its business depends; third party intellectual
property infringement claims; liabilities associated with environmental, health and safety matters; risks associated with the
recent coronavirus outbreak; risks associated with the Company’s limited history of operating as an independent
company; and potential net losses in future periods; and (10) other risks and uncertainties indicated in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, including those under “ Item 1A. Risk Factors .” Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Company’s assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 

   

 Forward-looking
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any earlier
date specified for such statements . The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.  All
subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on the Company’s behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

   

 

 
       3   
       
     

   

 PART I.  

   

 
 
     Item 1. 
     Business 
 
   

 Who We Are 

   

 We are a global leader in the design, manufacturing
and servicing of critical digital infrastructure technology that powers, cools, deploys, secures and maintains electronics that
process, store and transmit data. We provide this technology to data centers, communication networks and commercial & industrial
environments worldwide. 

   

 We aim to help create a world where critical
technologies always work, and where we empower the vital applications of the digital world. 

   

 Our Business 

   

 We have a suite of comprehensive
offerings, innovative solutions and a leading service organization that supports a diversified group of customers, which we
deliver from engineering, manufacturing, sales and service locations in more than 45 countries across the Americas, Asia
Pacific and  Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“ EMEA ”).  We
provide the hardware, software and services to facilitate an increasingly interconnected marketplace of digital systems where
large amounts of indispensable data need to be transmitted, analyzed, processed and stored. Whether this growing quantity of
data is managed centrally in hyperscale/cloud locations, distributed at the so-called “edge” of the network,
processed in an enterprise location or managed via a hybrid platform, the underpinnings and operations of all those locations
rely on our critical digital infrastructure and services. 

   

 We have a broad range of offerings,
which include power management products, thermal management products, integrated rack systems, modular solutions, and
management systems for monitoring and controlling digital infrastructure. These comprehensive offerings are integral to the
technologies used for a number of services, including e-commerce, online banking, file sharing, video on-demand, energy
storage, wireless communications,  Internet of Things (“ IoT ”)  and
online gaming. In addition, through our global services network, we provide lifecycle management services, predictive
analytics and professional services for deploying, maintaining and optimizing these products and their related systems. 

   

 Our primary customers are businesses across
three main end markets: (1) data centers (including hyperscale/cloud, colocation, enterprise and edge), (2) communication networks
and (3) commercial and industrial environments. Within these areas we serve a diverse array of industries, including social media,
financial services, healthcare, transportation, retail, education and government. We approach these industries and end users through
our global network of direct sales professionals, independent sales representatives, channel partners and original equipment manufacturers.
Many of our installations are completed in collaboration with our customers and we work with them from the initial planning phase
through delivery and servicing of the completed solution. This depth of interaction supports key customer relationships, sometimes
spanning multiple decades. Our most prominent brands include Liebert, NetSure, Geist and Avocent. 

   

 Our business is organized into three
segments according to our main geographic regions—the Americas, Asia Pacific and EMEA—and we manage and report
our results of operations across these three business segments. For the year ended December 31, 2019, Vertiv’s revenue
was $4,431.2 million, of which 50% was transacted in the Americas; 29% was transacted in Asia Pacific; and 21% was transacted
in EMEA as compared with our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 of $4,285.6 million. 

   

 Our Customers 

   

 Our
primary customers are businesses across three main end markets: (1) data centers (including hyperscale/cloud, colocation,
enterprise and edge), (2) communication networks and (3) commercial and industrial environments. 

   

 

 
       4   
       
     

   

 Data Centers :
The primary purpose of a data center is to process, store and distribute data. There are a host of different sizes and types of
data centers, but primarily they can be broken down into the following classifications: 

   

 
 
       
     · 
     Cloud/Hyperscale : These facilities are massive in scale and are primarily used to support off-premise cloud applications. This portion of the industry is growing rapidly. Examples of companies in this space include Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, and Google Cloud. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
     Colocation : These facilities range in size and offer users a location where they can place their information technology (“ I.T. ”) equipment, while the building and critical digital infrastructure is owned by the colocation company. This portion of the industry is growing rapidly. Examples of companies in this space include Digital Realty and Equinix. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
     Enterprise : This classification refers to the “Fortune 1000” type businesses that have their own on-premises data centers. Examples of companies in this space include Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Walmart and Cleveland Clinic. We have found that the growth of the enterprise market, based on data centers and square footage, has generally been flat for the past three years. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
     Edge : These types of data centers are at the infancy stage of their development and will be utilized by all of the aforementioned categories in the future. These locations are decentralized by nature and located closer to where the data is being demanded (i.e., towards the edge of the network). This market is small today, but the opportunities for growth in this space are expected to increase as the proliferation of connected devices and data storage needs continue to grow in the future. 
 
   

 Communication
Networks : This space is comprised of wireline, wireless and broadband companies. These companies create content and are ultimately
responsible for distributing voice, video and data to businesses and consumers. They deliver this data through an intricate network
of wireline and wireless mediums. Additionally, some of these companies’ locations act as data centers where the data is
delivered and also processed and stored. This sector has a generally low single-digit growth profile. 

   

 Commercial/Industrial :
This space is comprised of those applications that are tied to a company’s critical systems. Examples include transportation,
manufacturing, oil and gas, etc. These applications are growing in their need for intelligent infrastructure and may be regulated
or need to pass some level of compliance. The growth in this area generally tracks Growth Domestic Product. 

   

 Our Offerings 

   

 We design, manufacture
and service critical digital infrastructure technology for data centers, communication networks and commercial/industrial environments.
Our principal offerings include: 

   

 
 
       
     · 
     Critical infrastructure & solutions 
 
   

 We identify delivery
of products as performance obligations within the critical infrastructure & solutions offering. Such products include
AC and DC power management, thermal management, modular hyperscale type data center sites, as well as hardware for managing I.T.
equipment. 

   

 
 
       
     · 
     I.T. and edge infrastructure 
 
   

 Performance obligations
within I.T. and edge infrastructure include the delivery of racks, rack power, rack power distribution, rack thermal systems, and
configurable integrated solutions. 

   

 
 
       
     · 
     Services & software solutions 
 
   

 Services include
preventative maintenance, acceptance testing, engineering and consulting, performance assessments, remote monitoring, training,
spare parts, and critical digital infrastructure software. 

   

 

 
       5   
       
     

   

 Sales and Marketing 

   

 Due to the global
nature of our customers, we go to market through multiple channels to ensure that we map our coverage to align with our customers’
buying organization. Our primary selling method is direct sales. To accomplish this, we have over 2,300 sales people located around
the world. Additionally, we utilize a robust network of channel partners in the form of distributors, I.T. resellers, value-added
retailers and original equipment manufacturers. This network helps extend our reach to all corners of the world in which we operate. 

   

 Backlog  

   

 Vertiv’s estimated combined order
backlog was approximately $1,401.2 million and $1,502.0 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The backlog consists
of product and service orders for which a customer purchase order or purchase commitment has been received and which have not yet
been delivered. Orders may be subject to cancellation or rescheduling by the customer. The following table shows estimated backlog
by business segment at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

   

 
 
         
     As of December 31, 
 
     (Dollars in millions)   
     2019     
     2018 
 
     Americas   
     $ 701.8     
     $ 806.8 
 
     Asia Pacific   
       297.3     
       281.3 
 
     EMEA   
       402.1     
       413.9 
 
     Total Backlog   
     $ 1,401.2     
     $ 1,502.0 
 

   

 The vast majority of the combined backlog
as of December 31, 2019 is considered firm and is expected to be shipped within one year. We do not believe that Vertiv’s
backlog estimates as of any date are necessarily indicative of our revenues for any future period. Backlog estimates are subject
to a number of risks. See “ Item 1A. Risk factors—Risks relating to Our Business—We may not realize all of
the sales expected from our backlog of orders and contracts.”  

   

 Due to the variability of shipments under
large contracts, customers’ seasonal installation considerations and variations in product mix and in profitability of individual
orders, we can experience significant quarterly fluctuations in revenue and operating income. These fluctuations are expected to
continue in the future. Consequently, it may be more meaningful to focus on annual rather than interim results. 

   

 Research and Development  

   

 We are committed to outpacing our competitors
and being first to market with new product developments and improvements. In 2019, Vertiv spent $198.3 million on Research and
Development (“ R&D ”). We use our R&D budget to focus on fostering new product innovation and engineering.
We have global product leaders supported by global product lines and engineering organizations to ensure that we continue to be
ahead of market trends by leveraging our regional input. These global groups are also supported by in-region product and engineering
teams who are responsible for understanding and adapting our offerings to local market and customer requirements. These teams work
closely with our sales and service network which allows us to receive and act upon customer feedback to continuously improve our
offerings. 

   

 

 
       6   
       
     

   

 Competition  

   

 We encounter competition from a variety
of areas; however the majority of our competitors are targeted within a specific offering or a specific geographic location. Competition
in our markets is primarily on the basis of reliability, quality, price, service and customer relationships. Across our three markets,
we encounter two principal types of competitors: niche players and global competitors. We believe we differentiate ourselves through
our ability to service customers in each phase of the product lifecycle, our large customer network which allows us to address
the local and regional needs of our customer base, our ability to apply our understanding of trends, technologies and the implementation
of our offerings to our customers’ utilization of technology and our integration with third party software which allows us
to customize solutions according to a particular customer’s needs. 

   

 Facilities, Operations and Supply Chain  

   

 Being able to serve our customers both on
a global and regional level is important, thus that is how we have built our manufacturing footprint. We have significant manufacturing
facilities in North and South America, Asia Pacific and EMEA. This well-diversified global network of facilities allows for cost,
delivery and inventory optimization. Our manufacturing facilities are supported by regional engineering and configuration centers
where, if our customers desire, we can tailor our products to the local market and to our customer’s requirements. 

   

 We have established a robust supply chain
that is complementary to our manufacturing footprint. In addition to providing high quality service to our customers, this strategy
avoids a significant dependence on a particular supplier or region. 

   

 Employees  

   

 As of December 31, 2019, Vertiv had over
19,800 employees operating globally. Management believes that our employee relations are generally favorable. We are headquartered
in Columbus, Ohio. As of December 31, 2019, GSAH had one officer. 

   

 Intellectual Property  

   

 Our ability to create, obtain and protect
intellectual property is important to the success of our business and our ability to compete. We create IP in our operations globally,
and we work to protect and enforce our IP rights. We consider our trademarks valuable assets, including well-known marks such as
Vertiv, Geist, Liebert, Energy Labs, NetSure, Avocent and Chloride. 

   

 In addition, we integrate licensed third
party technology and IP into certain aspects of our products. Although certain third party proprietary IP rights are important
to our success, we do not believe we are materially dependent on any particular third party patent of license or group. 

   

 As of December 31, 2019 Vertiv had approximately
2,600 patents and approximately 500 pending, published or allowed patent applications, and approximately 1,700 registered trademarks
and approximately 200 pending trademark applications. 

   

 Raw Materials  

   

 We obtain raw materials and supplies from
a variety of sources and generally from more than one supplier. We believe our sources and supplies of raw materials are adequate
for our needs. 

   

 Environmental, Health and Safety  

   

 We are subject to a broad range of
foreign and domestic environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and requirements, including those relating to the
discharge of regulated materials into the environment, the generation and handling of hazardous substances and wastes, human
health and safety and the content, composition and takeback of our products. We maintain an environmental, health and safety
compliance program, including policies and standards, dedicated staff, and periodic auditing and training. We also have a
program for complying with the European Union Restriction on the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances and Waste Electrical and
Electronic Equipment Directives, the China Restriction of Hazardous Substances law, the European Union Registration,
Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals regulation, and similar requirements. 

   

 At sites which we own, lease or operate,
or have previously owned, leased or operated, or where we have disposed or arranged for the disposal of hazardous materials, we
are currently liable for contamination, and could in the future be liable for additional contamination. We have projects under
way at certain current and former manufacturing facilities to investigate and remediate environmental contamination. Compliance
with laws regulating contamination and the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection
of the environment has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. 

   

 

 
       7   
       
     

   

 Business Combination 

   

 GSAH was incorporated
on April 25, 2016 as a Delaware corporation under the name “GS Acquisition Holdings Corp” and formed for the purpose
of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses.  On June 12, 2018, GSAH closed its IPO of 69,000,000 units,
including 9,000,000 units issued pursuant to the exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional units in full,
at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating proceeds to GSAH of $690,000,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses.  Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, GSAH closed the private placement of an aggregate of 10,533,333 warrants, each exercisable to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share (the “ private placement warrants”
 and, together with the public warrants, the “ warrants ”), initially issued to GS DC Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (our “ Sponsor ”), at a price of $1.50 per private placement warrant, generating proceeds
of $15,800,000.  

   

 On the Closing
Date, Vertiv Holdings Co (formerly known as GS Acquisition Holdings Corp), consummated the Business Combination pursuant to that
certain Merger Agreement, by and among GSAH, Vertiv Holdings, the Vertiv Stockholder, the First Merger Sub and the Second Merger
Sub. As contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (1) First Merger Sub merged with and into Vertiv Holdings, with Vertiv Holdings
continuing as the surviving entity and (2) immediately following the First Merger and as part of the same overall transaction
as the First Merger, Vertiv Holdings merged with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub continuing as the surviving
entity and renamed “Vertiv Holdings, LLC.” As a result of the consummation of the Business Combination, (a) the
Company directly owns all of the equity interests of Vertiv Holdings, LLC and indirectly owns the equity interests of its subsidiaries
and (b) the Vertiv Stockholder, the sole equity owner of Vertiv Holdings prior to the Business Combination, holds 118,261,955
shares of our Class A common stock as of March 9, 2020. In connection with the Business Combination, the registrant changed
its name from GS Acquisition Holdings Corp to “Vertiv Holdings Co”. 

   

 On February 6,
2020, GSAH’s stockholders, at a special meeting of GSAH, approved and adopted the Merger Agreement, and approved the Business
Combination proposal and the other related proposals presented in the definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on January 17,
2020 (the “ Proxy Statement ”). 

   

 The aggregate merger
consideration paid by GSAH in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination was approximately $1.5 billion (the
 “ Merger Consideration ”). The Merger Consideration was paid in a combination of cash and stock. The amount of
cash consideration paid to the Vertiv Stockholder upon the consummation of the Business Combination was $341.6 million. The remainder
of the consideration paid to the Vertiv Stockholder upon the consummation of the Business Combination was stock consideration (“ Stock
Consideration ”), consisting of 118,261,955 newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock (the “ Stock
Consideration Shares ”), which shares were valued at $10.00 per share for purposes of determining the aggregate number
of shares of our Class A common stock payable to the Vertiv Stockholder as part of the Merger Consideration. In addition,
the Vertiv Stockholder is entitled to receive additional future cash consideration with respect to the Business Combination in
the form of amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Company and the
Vertiv Stockholder (the “ Tax Receivable Agreement ”). 

   

 

 
       8   
       
     

   

 Concurrently with
the execution of the Merger Agreement, GSAH entered into subscription agreements (the “ Subscription Agreements ”)
with  Atlanta Sons LLC  (the “ Cote PIPE Investor ”) ,
a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of David M. Cote ,  GSAH Investors
Emp LP (the “ GS ESC PIPE Investor ”), a Delaware limited partnership and an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (NYSE: GS) and its affiliates ( “Goldman Sachs ”), and certain other “accredited
investors” (as defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act), and their permitted transferees  (collectively with
the Cote PIPE Investor and the GS ESC PIPE Investor, the “ PIPE Investors ”), including certain executive officers
of Vertiv (the “ Subscribing Vertiv Executives ”), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors collectively subscribed
for 123,900,000 shares of our Class A common stock (the “ PIPE Shares ”) for an aggregate purchase price
equal to $1,239,000,000. The private placement pursuant to which the PIPE Investors purchased the PIPE Shares (the “ PIPE
Investment ”) was consummated in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. Each of  GS
Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Goldman Sachs  (the “ GS Sponsor Member ”),
  Cote SPAC 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company managed by David M. Cote 
(the “ Cote Sponsor Member ” and, together with the GS Sponsor Member, the “ Sponsor
Members ”), and Mr. James Albaugh, Mr. Roger Fradin and Mr. Steven S. Reinemund, GSAH’s independent
directors prior to the Business Combination  (such individuals collectively with the Sponsor Members, the “ Initial
Stockholders ”) agreed to waive the anti-dilution adjustments provided for in GSAH’s  amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, dated June 7, 2018 (“ GSAH’s  Certificate of Incorporation ”),
which were applicable to GSAH’s shares of Class B common stock prior to the Business Combination. As a result of such waiver,
the 17,250,000 shares of GSAH’s Class B common stock automatically converted into shares of our Class A common stock
on a one-for-one basis upon the consummation of the Business Combination (such shares prior to and after such conversion,
the “ founder shares ”). 

   

 On
the Closing Date, in connection with the Business Combination, we entered into certain related agreements including the Tax Receivable
Agreement, the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement and the Stockholders Agreement (each of which is described below
under “— Related Agreements. ”  

   

 Related
Agreements 

   

 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement  

   

 On the Closing Date, we entered into the
Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the “ Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement ”), with
the Initial Stockholders, the Vertiv Stockholder, the GS ESC PIPE Investor, the Cote PIPE Investor and certain other PIPE Investors (collectively,
with each other person who has executed and delivered a joinder thereto, the “ RRA Parties ”), pursuant to which
the RRA Parties are entitled to registration rights in respect of certain shares of the Company’s Class A common stock
and certain other equity securities of the Company that are held by the RRA Parties from time to time. 

   

 The Amended and Restated Registration Rights
Agreement provides that the Company will as soon as practicable but no later than the later of (i) 45 calendar days following the
consummation of the Business Combination and (ii) 90 calendar days following the Company’s most recent fiscal year end, file
with the SEC a shelf registration statement pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act registering the resale of certain shares
of the Company’s Class A common stock and certain other equity securities of the Company held by the RRA Parties
and will use its commercially reasonably efforts to have such shelf registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable
after the filing thereof, but no later than the earlier of (x) the 90th calendar day following the filing date if the SEC
notifies the Company that it will “review” such shelf registration statement and (y) the 10th business day after
the date the Company is notified in writing by the SEC that such shelf registration statement will not be “reviewed”
or will not be subject to further review. 

   

 Each of the GS Sponsor Member, the Cote
Sponsor Member and the Vertiv Stockholder is entitled to make up to two demand registrations in any 12 month period in connection
with an underwritten shelf takedown offering, in each case subject to certain offering thresholds, applicable lock-up restrictions
and certain other conditions. In addition, the RRA Parties have certain “piggy-back” registration rights. The
Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement includes customary indemnification and confidentiality provisions. The
Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any registration statements filed pursuant to the terms
of the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 

   

 

 
       9   
       
     

 

 
   

 Stockholders Agreement  

   

 On the Closing Date, the Company, the GS
Sponsor Member, the Cote Sponsor Member and the Vertiv Stockholder entered into the Stockholders Agreement (the “ Stockholders
Agreement ”). The Stockholders Agreement provides that the Vertiv Stockholder may not transfer its Stock Consideration
Shares until August 5, 2020, subject to exceptions allowing for certain transfers to related parties and transfers in connection
with extraordinary transactions by the Company. 

   

 Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement,
the Vertiv Stockholder has the right to nominate up to four directors to our Board of Directors, subject to its ownership percentage
of the total outstanding shares of Class A common stock. If the Vertiv Stockholder holds: (i) 30% or greater of the outstanding
Class A common stock, it will have the right to nominate four directors (two of which must be independent); (ii) less than
30% but greater than or equal to 20% of the outstanding Class A common stock, it will have the right to nominate three directors
(one of which must be independent); (iii) less than 20% but greater than or equal to 10% of the outstanding Class A common
stock, it will have the right to nominate two directors; (iv) less than 10% but greater than or equal to 5% of the outstanding
Class A common stock, it will have the right to nominate one director; and (iv) less than 5% of the outstanding Class A
common stock, it will not have the right to nominate any directors. As long as the Vertiv Stockholder has the right to nominate
at least one director, the Vertiv Stockholder shall have certain rights to appoint its nominees to committees of the Board of Directors
and the Company shall take certain actions to ensure the number of directors serving on the Board of Directors does not exceed
nine. In addition, the Stockholders Agreement provides that so long as the Company has any Executive Chairman or Chief Executive
Officer as a named executive officer, the Company shall take certain actions to include such Executive Chairman or Chief Executive
Officer on the slate of nominees recommended by the Board of Directors for election. The Stockholders Agreement also provides that,
for so long as the Vertiv Stockholder holds at least 5% of our outstanding Class A common stock, the Vertiv Stockholder will
have the right to designate an observer to attend meetings of the Board, subject to certain limitations. 

   

 Tax Receivable Agreement  

   

 On the Closing Date, the Company
entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement, which generally provides for the payment by us to the Vertiv Stockholder of 65% of
the cash tax savings in U.S. federal, state, local and certain foreign taxes, that we actually realize (or are deemed to
realize) in periods after the closing of the Business Combination as a result of (i) increases in the tax basis of
certain intangible assets of Vertiv resulting from certain pre-Business Combination acquisitions, (ii) certain
U.S. federal income tax credits for increasing research activities (so-called “ R&D credits ”)
and (iii) tax deductions in respect of certain Business Combination expenses. We expect to retain the benefit of the
remaining 35% of these cash tax savings. 

   

 For purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement,
the applicable tax savings will generally be computed by comparing our actual tax liability for a given taxable year to the amount
of such taxes that we would have been required to pay in such taxable year without the tax basis in the certain intangible assets,
the U.S. federal income tax R&D credits and the tax deductions for certain Business Combination expenses described above. Except
as described below, the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement will continue for twelve taxable years following the closing of the
Business Combination. However, the payments described in (i) and (ii) above will generally be deferred until the close of
our third taxable year following the closing of the Business Combination. The payments described in (iii) above will generally
be deferred until the close of our fourth taxable year following the closing of the Business Combination and then payable ratably
over the following three taxable year period regardless of whether we actually realize such tax benefits. Payments under the Tax
Receivable Agreement are not conditioned on the Vertiv Stockholder’s continued ownership of our stock. 

   

 Under certain circumstances (including
a material breach of our obligations, certain actions or transactions constituting a change of control, a divestiture of
certain assets, upon the end of the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement or, after three years, at our option), payments
under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be accelerated and become immediately due in a lump sum. In such case, the payments
due upon acceleration would be based on the present value of our anticipated future tax savings using certain valuation
assumptions, including that we will generate sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the applicable tax assets and
attributes covered under the Tax Receivable Agreement (or, in the case of a divestiture of certain assets, the applicable tax
attributes relating to such assets). Consequently, it is possible in these circumstances that the actual cash tax savings
realized by us may be significantly less than the corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement payments we are required to make at
the time of acceleration. Furthermore, the acceleration of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a
substantial negative impact on our liquidity. Additionally, the obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable
Agreement, including the acceleration of our obligation to make payments in the event of a change of control, could make us a
less attractive target for a future acquisition. 

   

 

 
       10   
       
     

   

 While the timing of any payments under the
Tax Receivable Agreement will vary depending upon the amount and timing of our taxable income, we expect that the payments that
we will be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be substantial. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement
will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and such tax reporting positions are subject to challenge by taxing
authorities. Payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not be returned upon a successful challenge by a taxing authority
to our reporting positions, although such excess payments made to the Vertiv Stockholder may be netted against payments otherwise
to be made to the Vertiv Stockholder after our determination of such excess. Any payments made by us under the Tax Receivable Agreement
will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. 

   

 Subscription Agreements  

   

 Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements,
the PIPE Investors purchased an aggregate of 123,900,000 shares of the Class A common stock in a private placement for a price
of $10.00 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1,239,000,000. 

   

 The shares of Class A common stock
issued in connection with the Subscription Agreements (the  “PIPE Shares ”) were not registered under the Securities
Act, and were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

   

 The Subscription Agreements for the PIPE
Investors (other than (1) the PIPE Investors who are RRA Parties, whose registration rights are governed by the Amended and
Restated Registration Rights Agreement, and (2) Subscribing Vertiv Executives) (the “ Non-Sponsor PIPE Investors ”)
provide for certain registration rights. In particular, the Company is required to, as soon as practicable but no later than, (i)
45 calendar days following the closing date of the Business Combination and (ii) 90 calendar days following the Company’s
most recent fiscal year end, file with the SEC (at the Company’s sole cost and expense) a registration statement registering
the resale of such shares, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement declared effective
as soon as practicable after the filing thereof, but no later than the earlier of (i) the 90th calendar day following the
actual filing date if the SEC notifies the Company that it will “review” such registration statement and (ii) the
10th business day after the date the Company is notified in writing by the SEC that such registration statement will not be “reviewed”
or will not be subject to further review. Such registration statement is required to be kept effective for at least two years after
effectiveness or until the shares thereunder have been sold by the Non-Sponsor PIPE Investors. In addition, the Non-Sponsor PIPE
Investors that purchase shares for an aggregate purchase price in excess of $100,000,000 also will be entitled to make up to two
demands in the aggregate for traditional underwritten registrations, plus up to two demands in the aggregate for block trades,
in any 12 month period immediately following the closing date of the Business Combination, in each case subject to certain thresholds,
and will have certain “piggy-back” registration rights. 

   

 Recent Developments 

   

 To further
its objective to explore future financing options to optimize its capital structure, on January 31, 2020, Vertiv commenced a
process to (i) amend and extend that certain  Revolving Credit Agreement, by and
among¸  inter alia , Vertiv Intermediate Holding II Corporation (“ Vertiv Group Intermediate ”),
Vertiv Group Corporation (“ Vertiv Group ”), as lead borrower, certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of
Vertiv Group, as co-borrowers thereunder, various financial institutions from time to time party thereto, as lenders, and
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to
time, the “ Prior Asset-Based Revolving Credit  Facility ”) and (ii) refinance (a) the
indebtedness represented by  that certain Term Loan Credit Agreement, by and among,  inter
alia , Vertiv Group Intermediate, Vertiv Group, as borrower, various financial institutions from time to time party
thereto, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as amended, amended and restated, modified or
supplemented from time to time,  the “ Prior  Term Loan Facility”), (b)  Vertiv
Intermediate Holding Corporation’s (“ Vertiv Holdco ”)
$500.0 million of 12.00%/13.00% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2022 (the “ 2022 Senior Notes ”), (c)
Vertiv Group’s $750.0 million of 9.250% Senior Notes due 2024 (the “ 2024 Senior Notes ”) and (d)
Vertiv Group’s $120.0 million of 10.00% Senior Secured Second Lien Notes due 2024 (the “ 2024 Senior
Secured Notes ” and, together with the 2022 Senior Notes and 2024 Senior Notes, the “ Prior
Notes ”). In connection with the refinancing process, on January 31, 2020, Vertiv called each of the Prior Notes for
conditional redemption on March 2, 2020, in accordance with the respective indentures governing the Prior Notes. In addition,
a total of $500,000 principal amount of 2024 Senior Notes were tendered in the change of control offer made in connection
with the Business Combination and were repurchased on February 7, 2020. 

   

 

 
       11   
       
     

   

 On the Closing
Date and prior to the completion of the refinancing, Vertiv used a portion of the proceeds from the Business Combination, including
the PIPE Investment, to repay $176 million of the outstanding indebtedness under the Prior Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility
and approximately $1.29 billion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Prior Term Loan Facility. 

   

 On March 2,
2020, we completed the refinancing by entering into (i) Amendment No. 5 to the Prior-Asset Based Revolving Credit Agreement,
by and among,  inter alia , Vertiv Group Intermediate, Vertiv Group, as lead borrower, certain direct and indirect
subsidiaries of Vertiv Group, as co-borrowers and guarantors thereunder, various financial institutions from time to time
party thereto, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the “ Amendment ” and,
the Prior Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility as amended by the Amendment, the “ Asset-Based Revolving
Credit Facility ”), which Amendment extended the maturity of, and made certain other modifications to, the Prior
Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) a new Term Loan Credit Agreement, by and among,  inter alia , Vertiv
Group Intermediate, Vertiv Group, as borrower, various financial institutions from time to time party thereto, and Citibank,
N.A., as administrative agent (the “ Term Loan Facility ” and, together with the Asset-Based Revolving
Credit Facility, the “ Senior Secured Credit Facilities ”), with the borrowings thereunder used to repay or
redeem, as applicable, in full the Prior Term Loan Facility and the Prior Notes. The refinancing transactions reduce our debt
service requirements going forward and extend the maturity profile of our indebtedness. 

   

 Emerging Growth Company 

   

 We are an
 “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act,
and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the
auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a
nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. 

   

 Further, section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at
the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with certain
other public companies difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

   

 We will
remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth
anniversary of the closing of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion or
(c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common equity that is
held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th; and (2) the date on which we have
issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. We
currently anticipate losing our “emerging growth company” status at 2020 year end. References herein to
 “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

   

 

 
       12   
       
     

   

 Corporate Information 

   

 We were incorporated on April 25, 2016
as a Delaware corporation under the name “GS Acquisition Holdings Corp” and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
On February 7, 2020, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, we changed our name to “Vertiv
Holdings Co.” Our principal executive offices are located at 1050 Dearborn Drive, Columbus, Ohio, 43085, and our telephone
number is (614) 888-0246. Our website is www.vertiv.com. 

   

 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), are filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “S EC ”).  We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and
we file or furnish reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information we file with
the SEC are available free of charge at www.vertiv.com when such reports are available on the SEC’s website. The
SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We periodically provide other information for investors on our corporate website, including
press releases and other information about financial performance, information on corporate governance and details related to our
annual meeting of stockholders. Our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. The information
found on, or that can be accessed from or that is hyperlinked to, our website does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated
into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 This
 Annual Report on Form 10-K  contains some of our trademarks, service marks and trade
names, including, among others, Vertiv, Liebert, Chloride, NetSure, Geist, Energy Labs, Trellis, Alber, HVM and Avocent. Each one
of these trademarks, service marks or trade names is either (1) our registered trademark, (2) a trademark for which we
have a pending application, or (3) a trade name or service mark for which we claim common law rights. All other trademarks,
trade names or service marks of any other company appearing in this  Annual Report on Form 10-K  belong
to their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this  Annual
Report on Form 10-K  are presented without the TM, SM and ® symbols, but such
references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our respective
rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. 

   

 
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
 
   

 An investment in our
securities involves risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the following risks as well as the other information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Cautionary Statement About Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,”
 “Selected Financial Data,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” and the financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
before investing in our securities. We operate in a changing environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties
that could materially adversely affect our operations. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations or prospects. However, the selected risks described below are not the only risks facing
us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In such a case, the trading price of
our securities could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in us. Unless the context otherwise requires, all
references in this subsection to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Vertiv
Holdings Co and its consolidated subsidiaries following the Business Combination, other than certain historical information which
refers to the business of Vertiv prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 

   

 

 
       13   
       
     

   

 Risks Related to Our Business 

   

 Economic weakness and uncertainty
could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 Worldwide economic
conditions impact demand for our offerings, and economic weakness and uncertainty in global, regional or local areas may result
in decreased orders, revenue, gross margin and earnings. For example, our business has been impacted from time to time in the past
by macroeconomic weakness in the United States and various regions outside of the United States. Any such economic weakness and
uncertainty may result in: 

   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     capital spending constraints for customers and, as a result, reduced demand for our offerings; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     increased price competition for our offerings; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     excess and obsolete inventories; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     supply constraints if the number of suppliers decreases due to financial hardship; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     restricted access to capital markets and financing, resulting in delayed or missed payments to us and additional bad debt expense; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     excess facilities and manufacturing capacity; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue and higher interest expense; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     loss of orders, including as a result of corruption, the risk of which is increased by a weak economic climate; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     significant declines in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, impacting our revenues and results of operations; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     financial difficulty for our customers; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     increased difficulty in forecasting business activity for us, customers, the sales channel and vendors. 
 
   

 We rely on the continued growth
of our customers’ networks, in particular data center and communication networks, and any decreases in demand in these networks
could lead to a decrease in our offerings. 

   

 A substantial
portion of our business depends on the continued growth of our customers’ data centers and communication networks. If these
networks do not continue to grow, whether as a result of changes in the economy, capital spending, building capacity in excess
of demand, delays in receiving required permits and approvals, or otherwise overall demand could decrease for our offerings, which
would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 If we fail to anticipate technology
shifts, market needs and opportunities, and fail to develop appropriate products, product enhancements and services in a timely
manner to meet those changes, we may not be able to compete effectively against our global competitors and, as a result, our ability
to generate revenues will suffer. 

   

 We believe that
our future success will depend in part upon our ability to anticipate technology shifts and to enhance and develop new products
and services that meet or anticipate such technology changes. Any such developments will require continued investment in engineering,
capital equipment, marketing, customer service and technical support. For example, we will need to anticipate potential market
shifts to alternative power architectures, cooling technologies and energy storage that could diminish the demand for our existing
offerings or affect our margins. 

   

 Also, our primary
global competitors are sophisticated companies with significant resources that may develop superior products and services or may
adapt more quickly to new technologies and technology shifts, industry changes or evolving customer requirements. If we fail to
anticipate technology changes, shifting market needs or keep pace with our competitors’ products, or if we fail to develop
and introduce new products or enhancements in a timely manner, we may lose customers and experience decreased or delayed market
acceptance and sales of present and future products and our ability to generate revenues will suffer. 

   

 

 
       14   
       
     

   

 The long sales cycles for certain
of our products and solutions offerings, as well as unpredictable placing or canceling of customer orders, particularly large orders,
may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter, which could make our future
operational results less predictable. 

   

 A customer’s
decision to purchase certain of our products or solutions, particularly products new to the market or long-term end-to-end solutions,
may involve a lengthy contracting, design and qualification process. In particular, customers deciding on the design and implementation
of large deployments may have lengthy and unpredictable procurement processes that may delay or impact expected future orders.
As a result, the order booking and sales recognition process may be uncertain and unpredictable, with some customers placing large
orders with short lead times on little advance notice and others requiring lengthy, open-ended processes that may change depending
on global or regional economic weakness. This may cause our revenues and operating results to vary unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter, making
our future operational results less predictable. 

   

 Any disruption or any consolidation
of our customers’ markets could result in declines in the sales volume and prices of our products. 

   

 The disruption
of our customers’ markets could occur due to a number of factors, including government policy changes, industry consolidations
or the shifting of market size and power among customers. Such consolidations or other disruptions may result in certain parties
gaining additional purchasing leverage and, consequently, increasing the product pricing pressures facing our business. Such changes
could impact spending as customers evolve their strategies or integrate acquired operations. For example, if fewer customers exist
due to consolidation, the loss of a major customer could have a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace
composed of more numerous participants. Any reduction in customer spending on technological development as a result of these and
other factors could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See also “— Future
legislation and regulation, both in the United States and abroad, governing the Internet services, other related communications
services and information technologies could disrupt our customers’ markets resulting in declines in sales volume and prices
of our products and otherwise have an adverse effect on our business operations. ” 

   

 Large companies, such as communication
network and hyperscale/cloud and colocation data center providers, often require more favorable terms and conditions in our contracts
with such companies that could result in downward pricing pressures on our business. 

   

 Large companies,
such as communication network and hyperscale/cloud and colocation data center providers, comprise a portion of our customer base
and generally have greater purchasing power than smaller entities. Accordingly, these customers often require more favorable terms
and conditions in contracts from suppliers including us. Consolidation among such large customers can further increase their buying
power and ability to require onerous terms. See “— Any disruption or any consolidation of our customers’ markets
could result in declines in the sales volume and prices of our products. ” In addition, these customers may impose substantial
penalties for any product or service failures caused by us. As we seek to sell more products to such customers, we may be required
to agree to such terms and conditions more frequently, which may include terms that affect the timing of our cash flows and ability
to recognize revenue, and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 We derive a portion of our revenue
from contracts with governmental customers. Such customers and their respective agencies are subject to increased pressures to
reduce expenses. Contracts with governmental customers may also contain additional or more onerous terms and conditions that are
not common among commercial customers. In addition, as a result of our contracts with governmental customers, we are at risk of
being subject to audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties by such governments, which could result in various civil and criminal
penalties, administrative sanctions, and fines and suspensions. 

   

 We derive a portion
of our revenue from contracts with governmental customers, including the U.S., state and local governments. There is increased
pressure on such governmental customers and their respective agencies to reduce spending and some of our contracts at the state
and local levels are subject to government funding authorizations. These factors combine to potentially limit the revenue we derive
from government contracts. 

   

 

 
       15   
       
     

   

 Additionally,
government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations which could result in various civil and criminal penalties
and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits,
suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business. Such contracts are also subject to
various laws and regulations that apply to doing business with governments. The laws relating to government contracts differ from
other commercial contracting laws and our government contracts may contain pricing and other terms and conditions that are less
favorable to the Company than those in commercial contracts. 

   

 We have, and we intend to continue
pursuing, long-term, fixed-price contracts (including long-term, turnkey projects). Our failure to mitigate certain risks associated
with our long-term, fixed-price contracts (including long-term, turnkey projects) may result in excess costs and penalties. 

   

 We have, and we
intend to continue pursuing, long-term, fixed-price contracts (including long-term, turnkey projects). These contracts and projects
have a duration greater than twelve months. Such contracts and projects involve substantial risks, which may result in excess costs
and penalties, and include but are not limited to: 

   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     unanticipated technical problems with equipment, requiring us to incur added expenses to remedy such problems; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     changes in costs or shortages of components, materials, labor or construction equipment; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     difficulties in obtaining required governmental permits or approvals; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     project modifications and changes to the scope of work resulting in unanticipated costs; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     delays caused by local weather or other conditions beyond our control; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     changes in regulations, permits or government policy; 
 
       
       
       
       
 
       
     · 
       
     the failure of suppliers, subcontractors or consortium partners to perform; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     penalties, if we cannot complete all or portions of the project within contracted time limits and performance levels. 
 
   

 Our failure to
mitigate these risks may result in excess costs and penalties and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

   

 System security risks could disrupt
our operations, and any such disruption could reduce our revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely impact
our performance. 

   

 We rely on our
information systems and the information systems of a variety of third parties for processing customer orders, shipping products,
billing our customers, tracking inventory, supporting finance and accounting functions, financial statement preparation, payroll
services, benefit administration and other general aspects of our business. Our information systems or those of our third-party
providers may be vulnerable to attack or breach. Any such attack or breach could compromise such information systems, resulting
in fraud, ransom attack or theft of proprietary or sensitive information which could be accessed, publicly disclosed, misused,
stolen or lost. This could impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions and the financial costs we
could incur to eliminate or alleviate these security risks could be significant and may be difficult to anticipate or measure.
Moreover, such a breach could cause reputational and financial harm and subject us to liability to our customers, suppliers, business
partners or any affected individual. 

   

 In addition, the
products we produce or elements of such products that we procure from third parties may contain defects or weaknesses in design,
architecture or manufacture, which could lead to system security vulnerabilities in our products and compromise the network security
of our customers. If an actual or perceived breach of network security occurs, regardless of whether the breach is attributable
to our products or services, the market perception of the effectiveness of our products or services could be harmed. 

   

 

 
       16   
       
     

   

 Implementations of new information
systems and enhancements to our current systems may be costly and disruptive to our operations. 

   

 We recently commenced
the implementation of new information systems, including enhancement to our enterprise resource plan, human capital management,
and product lifecycle management systems. The implementation of new information systems and enhancements to current systems may
be costly and disruptive to our operations. Any problems, disruptions, delays or other issues in the design and implementation
of these systems or enhancements could adversely impact our ability to process customer orders, ship products, provide service
and support to our customers, bill and collect in a timely manner from our customers, fulfill contractual obligations, accurately
record and transfer information, recognize revenue, file securities, governance and compliance reports in a timely manner or otherwise
run our business. If we are unable to successfully design and implement these new systems, enhancements and processes as planned,
or if the implementation of these systems and processes is more lengthy or costly than anticipated, our business, results of operations
and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

   

 Failure to properly manage our
supply chain and inventory could result in higher costs of production and delays in fulfilling customer orders, excess or obsolete
materials or components, labor disruptions or shortages and delays in production. 

   

 Our operations,
particularly our manufacturing and service operations, depend on our ability to accurately anticipate both our needs, including
raw materials, components, products and services, from third-party suppliers, and such suppliers’ ability to timely deliver
the quantities and quality required at reasonable prices. We have a large number of providers to support our global operations
and breadth of offerings. In addition, certain of our suppliers are also competitors with us in one or more parts of our business
and those suppliers may decide to discontinue business with us. Other supply chain risks that we could face include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Volatility in the supply or price of raw materials.  Our products rely on a variety of raw materials and components, including steel, copper and aluminum and electronic components. We may experience a shortage of, or a delay in receiving, such materials or components as a result of strong demand, supplier capacity constraints or other operational disruptions, restrictions on use of materials or components subject to our governance and compliance requirements, disputes with suppliers or problems in transitioning to new suppliers. Moreover, prices for some of these materials and components have historically been volatile and unpredictable, and such volatility is expected to continue. Ongoing supply issues may require us to reengineer some offerings, which could result in further costs and delays. If we are unable to secure necessary supplies at reasonable prices or acceptable quality, we may be unable to manufacture products, fulfill service orders or otherwise operate our business. We may also be unable to offset unexpected increases in material and component costs with our own price increases without suffering reduced volumes, revenues or operating income. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Contractual terms.  As a result of long-term price or purchase commitments in contracts with our suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase materials, components or services at prices higher than those available in the current market, which may put us at a disadvantage to competitors who have access to components or services at lower prices, impact our gross margin, and, if these issues impact demand, may result in additional charges for inventory obsolescence. In addition, to secure the supply of certain materials and components on favorable terms, we may make strategic purchases of materials and components in advance or enter into non-cancelable commitments. If we fail to anticipate demand properly, we may have an oversupply which could result in excess or obsolete materials or components. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Contingent workers.  In some locations, we rely on third-party suppliers for the provision of contingent workers, and our failure to manage such workers effectively could adversely impact our results of operations. We may in the future be exposed to various legal claims relating to the status of contingent workers. We may also be subject to labor shortages, oversupply, or fixed contractual terms relating to the contingent workforce, and our ability to manage the size of, and costs for, such contingent workforce may be further constrained by local laws or future changes to such laws. In addition, our customers may impose obligations on us with regard to our workforce and working conditions. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Single-source suppliers.  We obtain certain materials or components from single-source suppliers due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. Replacing a single-source supplier could delay production of some products because replacement suppliers, if available, may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. 
 

   

 

 
       17   
       
     

   

 Any of these risks
could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 In addition, our
operations depend upon disciplined inventory management, as we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure
competitive lead times against the risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements.
Excess or obsolete inventory, including that procured pursuant to an inaccurate customer forecast, would result in a write-off of
such inventory, causing an increase in costs of goods sold and a decline in our gross margins. 

   

 The areas in which we provide
our offerings are highly competitive, and we experience competitive pressures from numerous and varied competitors. 

   

 We encounter competition
from numerous and varied competitors in all areas of our business on a global and regional basis, and our competitors have targeted,
and are expected to continue targeting, our primary areas of operation. We compete with such competitors primarily on the basis
of reliability, quality, price, service and customer relationships. A significant element of our competitive strategy is focused
on delivering high-quality products and solutions at the best relative global cost. If our products, services, and cost structure
do not enable us to compete successfully based on any of those criteria, we may experience a decline in product sales and a corresponding
loss of customers due to their selection of a competitor. 

   

 Our competitors,
any of which could introduce new technologies or business models that disrupt significant portions of our markets and cause our
customers to move a material portion of their business away from us to such competitors, include: 

   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Large-scale, global competitors with broad, sometimes larger, product portfolios and service offerings. These competitors may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources available to them compared to the resources allocated to our products and services that compete against their products and services. Competitors within this category include Schneider Electric, S.E. and Eaton Corporation Plc, each of which have a large, global presence and compete directly in the markets in which we operate. Industry consolidation may also impact the competitive landscape by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we operate. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Offering-specific competitors with products and services that compete globally but with a limited set of product offerings. These competitors may be able to focus more closely on a segment of the market and be able to apply targeted financial, technical and marketing resources in ways that we cannot, potentially leading to stronger brand recognition and more competitive pricing. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Regional or country-level competitors that compete with us in a limited geographic area. 
 
   

 We may not realize the expected
benefits from any rationalization and improvement efforts that we have taken or may take in the future. 

   

 We are continuously
evaluating, considering and implementing possible rationalization and realignment initiatives to reduce our overall cost base and
improve efficiency. There can be no assurance that we will fully realize the benefits of such efforts that we have taken or will
take in the future within the expected time frame, or at all, and we may incur additional and/or unexpected costs to realize them.
Further, we may not be able to sustain any achieved benefits in the future. In addition, these actions and potential future efforts
could yield other unintended consequences, such as distraction of management and employees, business disruption, reduced employee
morale and productivity, and unexpected employee attrition, including the inability to attract or retain key personnel. If we fail
to achieve the expected benefits of any rationalization or realignment initiatives and improvement efforts, or if other unforeseen
events occur in connection with such efforts, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 

   

 

 
       18   
       
     

   

 Disruption of, or consolidation
or changes in, the markets or operating models of our independent sales representatives, distributors and original equipment manufacturers
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

   

 We rely, in part,
on independent sales representatives, distributors and original equipment manufacturers for the distribution of our products and
services, some of whom operate on an exclusive basis. If these third parties’ financial condition or operations weaken, including
as a result of a shift away from the go-to-market operating model they currently follow, and they are unable to successfully
market and sell our products, our revenue and gross margins could be adversely affected. In addition, if there are disruptions
or consolidation in their markets, such parties may be able to improve their negotiating position and renegotiate historical terms
and agreements for the distribution of our products or terminate relationships with us in favor of our competitors. Changes in
the negotiating position of such third parties in future periods could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

   

 If we are unable to obtain performance
and other guarantees from financial institutions, we may be prevented from bidding on, or obtaining, certain contracts, or our
costs with respect to such contracts could be higher. 

   

 In accordance
with industry practice for large data center construction opportunities, we are required to provide guarantees, including bid-bonds, advance
payment and performance guarantees for our performance and project completion dates. Some customers require these guarantees to
be issued by a financial institution, and historic global financial conditions have in the past, and may in the future, make it
more difficult and expensive to obtain these guarantees. If, in the future, we cannot obtain such guarantees on commercially reasonable
terms or at all, we could be prevented from bidding on, or obtaining, such large construction contracts, or our costs for such
contracts could be higher and, in either case, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

   

 We may not realize all of the
sales expected from our backlog of orders and contracts. 

   

 Our backlog consists
of the value of product and service orders for which we have received a customer purchase order or purchase commitment and which
have not yet been delivered. As of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, Vertiv’s estimated combined order backlog was
approximately $1,401.2 million and $1,502.0 million, respectively. The vast majority of Vertiv’s combined backlog is considered
firm and expected to be delivered within one year. Our customers have the right in some circumstances, usually with penalties or
termination consequences, to reduce or defer firm orders in backlog. If customers terminate, reduce or defer firm orders, whether
due to fluctuations in their business needs or purchasing budgets or other reasons, our sales will be adversely affected and we
may not realize the revenue we expect to generate from our backlog or, if realized, may not result in profitable revenue. More
generally, we do not believe that our backlog estimates as of any date are indicative of revenues for any future period. 

   

 Our global operations and entity
structure result in a complex tax structure where we are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, variability of our quarterly and annual effective tax rate, the adoption
of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could impact our financial performance. 

   

 Our global operations
and entity structure result in a complex tax structure where we are subject to income and other taxes in the United States and
numerous foreign jurisdictions. Variability in the mix and profitability of domestic and international activities, identification
and resolution of various tax uncertainties, changes in tax laws and rates or other regulatory actions regarding taxes, and the
extent to which we are able to realize net operating loss and other carryforwards included in deferred tax assets and avoid potential
adverse outcomes included in deferred tax liabilities, among other matters, may significantly impact our effective income tax rate
in the future. Our effective tax rate in any given financial reporting period may be materially impacted by mix and level of earnings
or losses by jurisdiction as well as the discrete recognition of taxable events and exposures. 

   

 Future legislation and regulation,
both in the United States and abroad, governing the Internet services, other related communications services and information technologies
could disrupt our customers’ markets resulting in declines in sales volume and prices of our products and otherwise have
an adverse effect on our business operations. 

   

 Various laws
and governmental regulations, both in the United States and abroad, governing Internet related services, related
communications services and information technologies remain largely unsettled, even in areas where there has been some
legislative action. For example, in the United States regulations governing aspects of fixed broadband networks and wireless
networks may change as a result of proposals regarding net neutrality and government regulation of the Internet, which could
impact our communication networks customers. There may also be forthcoming regulation in the United States in the areas of
cybersecurity, data privacy and data security, any of which could impact us and our customers. Similarly, data privacy
regulations outside of the United States continue to evolve. Future legislation could impose additional costs on our
business, disrupt our customers’ markets or require us to make changes in our operations which could adversely affect
our operations. 

   

 

 
       19   
       
     

   

 Any failure of our offerings
could subject us to substantial liability, including product liability claims, which could damage our reputation or the reputation
of one or more of our brands. 

   

 The offerings
that we provide are complex, and our regular testing and quality control efforts may not be effective in controlling or detecting
all quality issues or errors, particularly with respect to faulty components manufactured by third parties. Defects could expose
us to product warranty claims, including substantial expense for the recall and repair or replacement of a product or component,
and product liability claims, including liability for personal injury or property damage. We are not generally able to limit or
exclude liability for personal injury or property damage to third parties under the laws of most jurisdictions in which we do business
and, in the event of such incident, we could spend significant time, resources and money to resolve any such claim. We may be required
to pay for losses or injuries purportedly caused by the design, manufacture, installation or operation of our products or by solutions
performed by us or third parties. 

   

 An inability to
cure a product defect could result in the failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market,
delays in customer payments or refusals by our customers to make such payments, increased inventory costs, product reengineering
expenses and our customers’ inability to operate their enterprises. Such defects could also negatively impact customer satisfaction
and sentiment, generate adverse publicity, reduce future sales opportunities and damage our reputation or the reputation of one
or more of our brands. Any of these outcomes could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 In order to successfully operate
as an independent public company and implement our business plans, we must identify, attract, develop, train, motivate and retain
key employees, and failure to do so could seriously harm us. 

   

 In order to successfully
operate as an independent public company and implement our business plans, we must identify, attract, develop, motivate, train
and retain key employees, including qualified executives, management, engineering, sales, marketing, IT support and service personnel.
The market for such individuals may be highly competitive. Attracting and retaining key employees in a competitive marketplace
requires us to provide a competitive compensation package, which often includes cash- and equity-based compensation. If our total
compensation package is not viewed as competitive, our ability to attract, motivate and retain key employees could be weakened
and failure to successfully hire or retain key employees and executives could adversely impact us. 

   

 We may elect not to purchase
insurance for certain business risks and expenses and, for the insurance coverage we have in place, such coverage may not address
all of our potential exposures or, in the case of substantial losses, may be inadequate. 

   

 We may elect not
to purchase insurance for certain business risks and expenses, such as claimed intellectual property infringement, where we believe
we can adequately address the anticipated exposure or where insurance coverage is either not available at all or not available
on a cost-effective basis. In addition, product liability and product recall insurance coverage is expensive and may not be available
on acceptable terms, in sufficient amounts, or at all. We may be named as a defendant in product liability or other lawsuits asserting
potentially large claims if an accident occurs at a location where our products, solutions or services have been or are being used.
For those policies that we do have, insurance coverage may be inadequate in the case of substantial losses, or our insurers may
refuse to cover us on specific claims. Losses not covered by insurance could be substantial and unpredictable and could adversely
impact our financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to maintain our portfolio of insurance coverage, whether
at an acceptable cost or at all, or if there is an increase in the frequency or damage amounts claimed against us, our business,
results of operations and financial condition may be negatively impacted. 

   

 

 
       20   
       
     

   

 Any failure by us to identify,
manage, integrate and complete acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully could harm our financial
results, business and prospects. 

   

 As part of our
business strategy, we have in the past and may, from time to time, in the future acquire businesses or interests in businesses,
including non-controlling interests, or form joint ventures or create strategic alliances. Whether we realize the anticipated
benefits from such activities depends, in part, upon the successful integration between the businesses involved, the performance
and development of the underlying products, capabilities or technologies, our correct assessment of assumed liabilities and the
management of the operations. Accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance and liability
issues, our failure to achieve synergies and other benefits we expected to obtain, transaction-related charges, amortization related
to intangibles, and charges for impairment of long-term assets. These transactions may not be successful. 

   

 Our results of operations may
be adversely affected if we fail to realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible assets. 

   

 As of December
31, 2019, Vertiv had total goodwill and net intangible assets of $2,047.4 million which constituted approximately 44.0 percent
of our total assets. We assess our net intangible assets and goodwill for impairment annually, and we conduct an interim evaluation
whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the
acquired business or asset, indicate that these assets may be impaired. Our ability to realize the value of goodwill and net intangible
assets will depend on the future cash flows of the businesses to which the goodwill relates. If we are not able to realize the
value of the goodwill and net intangible assets, this could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition,
and also result in an impairment of those assets. 

   

 The global scope of our operations
could impair our ability to react quickly to changing business and market conditions and enforce compliance with company-wide standards
and procedures. 

   

 As of December
31, 2019, Vertiv employed over 19,800 people globally and had manufacturing facilities in the Americas, Asia Pacific and EMEA.
We generate substantial revenue outside of the United States and expect that foreign revenue will continue to represent a significant
portion of our total revenues. In order to manage our day-to-day operations, we must overcome cultural and language barriers
and assimilate different business practices. In addition, we are required to create compensation programs, employment policies
and other administrative programs that comply with the laws of multiple countries. We also must communicate and monitor company-wide
standards and directives across our global network. Our failure to successfully manage our geographically diverse operations could
impair our ability to react quickly to changing business and market conditions and to enforce compliance with company-wide standards
and procedures. 

   

 Our sales and operations in emerging
markets exposes us to economic and political risks. 

   

 We generate a
significant portion of our revenue from sales in emerging markets. Serving a global customer base requires that we place more materials,
production and service assets in emerging markets to capitalize on market opportunities and maintain our cost position. Newer geographic
markets may be relatively less profitable due to our investments associated with entering such markets and local pricing pressures,
and we may have difficulty establishing and maintaining the operating infrastructure necessary to support the high growth rates
associated with some of those markets. Operations in emerging markets can also present risks that are not encountered in countries
with well-established economic and political systems, including: 

   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     changes or ongoing instability in a country’s or region’s economic or political conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts, which could make it difficult for us to anticipate future business conditions, cause delays in the placement of orders, complicate our dealings with governments regarding permits and other regulatory matters and make our customers less willing to make cross-border investments; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     unpredictable or more frequent foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     inadequate infrastructure, including lack of adequate power and water supplies, transportation, raw materials and parts; 
 
   

 
       21   
       
     

 

   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     foreign state takeovers of our facilities, trade protectionism, state-initiated industry consolidation or other similar government actions or control; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     changes in and compliance with international, national or local regulatory and legal environments, including laws and policies affecting trade, economic sanctions, foreign investment, labor relations, foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     longer collection cycles and financial instability among customers; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     trade regulations, boycotts and embargoes, including policies adopted by countries that may favor domestic companies and technologies over foreign competitors, which could impair our ability to obtain materials necessary to fulfill contracts, pursue business or establish operations in such countries; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     difficulty of obtaining adequate financing and/or insurance coverage; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     fluctuations in freight costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     political or social instability that may hinder our ability to send personnel abroad or cause us to move our operations to facilities in countries with higher costs and less efficiencies; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     difficulties associated with repatriating earnings generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner, changes in tax laws, or tax inefficiencies; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     exposure to wage, price and capital controls, local labor conditions and regulations, including local labor disruptions and rising labor costs which we may be unable to recover in our pricing to customers. 
 
   

 Consequently,
our exposure to the conditions in or affecting emerging markets may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

   

 We are exposed to fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates, and our hedging activities may not protect us against the consequences of such fluctuations
on our earnings and cash flows. 

   

 As a result of
our global operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by fluctuations in
currency exchange rates, most notably the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the primary foreign currencies, which could
adversely impact our revenue growth in future periods. For example, if the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies such
as the euro, our revenues reported in U.S. dollars would decline. In addition, for U.S. dollar-denominated sales, an increase in
the value of the U.S. dollar would increase the real cost to customers of our products in markets outside the United States, which
could result in price concessions in certain markets, impact our competitive position or have an adverse effect on demand for our
products and consequently on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 Legal compliance issues, particularly
those related to our imports/exports and foreign operations, could adversely impact our business. 

   

 We are subject
to various anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended, that prohibit payments or offers
of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in several
less-developed countries and regions that are generally recognized as having a greater risk of potentially corrupt business environments.
Our legal compliance and ethics programs, including a code of business conduct, policies on anti-bribery, export controls, environmental
and other legal compliance, and periodic training to relevant associates on these matters, are designed to reduce the likelihood
of a legal compliance violation. Nevertheless, such a violation could still occur, disrupting our business through fines, penalties,
diversion of internal resources, negative publicity and possibly severe criminal or civil sanctions. 

   

 

 
       22   
       
     

   

 We are also
subject to applicable import laws, export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations. Changes in import and export
control or trade sanctions laws may restrict our business practices, including cessation of business activities in sanctioned
countries or with sanctioned entities, and may result in claims for breach of existing contracts and modifications to
existing compliance programs and training schedules. Violations of the applicable export or import control, or economic
sanctions laws and regulations, such as an export to an embargoed country, or to a denied party, or the export of a product
without the appropriate governmental license, may result in penalties, including fines, debarments from export privileges,
and loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business, and may harm our ability to enter into
contracts with our customers who have contracts with the U.S. government. A violation of the laws and regulations enumerated
above could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 We are subject to risks related
to legal claims and proceedings filed by or against us, and adverse outcomes in these matters may materially harm our business. 

   

 We are subject
to various claims, disputes, investigations, demands, arbitration, litigation, or other legal proceedings. Legal claims and proceedings
may relate to labor and employment, commercial arrangements, intellectual property, environmental, health and safety, property
damage, theft, personal injury and various other matters. Legal matters are inherently uncertain and we cannot predict the duration,
scope, outcome or consequences. In addition, legal matters are expensive and time-consuming to defend, settle, and/or resolve,
and may require us to implement certain remedial measures that could prove costly or disruptive to our business and operations.
The unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

   

 Our financial performance may
suffer if we cannot continue to develop, commercialize or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend,
some of which are not patented or patentable, or if we are unable to gain and maintain access to relevant intellectual property
rights of third parties through license and other agreements. 

   

 Our business relies
on a substantial portfolio of intellectual property rights, including trademarks, trade secrets, patents, copyrights and other
such rights globally. Intellectual property laws and the protection and enforcement of our intellectual property vary by jurisdiction
and we may be unable to protect or enforce our proprietary rights adequately in all cases or such protection and enforcement may
be unpredictable and costly, which could adversely impact our growth opportunities, financial performance and competitive position.
In addition, our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, or insufficient to take
advantage of current market trends or to provide competitive advantage. For our patent filings, because of the existence of a large
number of patents in our fields, the secrecy of some pending patent applications, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents
within our applicable fields, it is not economically practical or even possible to determine conclusively in advance whether a
product or any of its components infringes the patent rights of others. 

   

 We also rely on
maintenance of proprietary information (such as trade secrets, know-how and other confidential information) to protect
certain intellectual property. Trade secrets and/or confidential know-how can be difficult to maintain as confidential
and we may not obtain confidentiality agreements in all circumstances, or individuals may unintentionally or willfully disclose
our confidential information improperly. In addition, confidentiality agreements may not provide an adequate remedy in the event
of an unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets or other confidential information, and the enforceability of such confidentiality
agreements may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Furthermore, laws regarding trade secret rights in certain markets where
we operate may afford little or no protection to our trade secrets. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secrets, protection of know-how and
other confidential information could adversely impact our business. 

   

 In addition,
we rely on licensing certain intellectual property rights from third parties. For example, many of our software offerings are
developed using software components or other intellectual property licensed from third parties, including proprietary and
open source licenses. This practice requires that we monitor and manage our use of third-party and open source software
components to comply with the applicable license terms and avoid any inadvertent licensing or public disclosure of our
intellectual property pursuant to such license terms, and our ability to comply with such license terms may be affected by
factors that we can only partially influence or control. The continuation of good licensing relationships with our
third-party licensors is important to our business. It is possible that merger or acquisition activity or the granting of
exclusive licenses may result in reduced availability and/or a change to the license terms that were previously in place. If
any of our third-party licensors are acquired by our competitors, there is a risk that the applicable licensed intellectual
property may no longer be available to us or available only on less favorable terms. Loss of our license rights and an
inability to replace such software with other third-party intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, or at all,
could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 

 
       23   
       
     

   

 Third-party claims of intellectual
property infringement, including patent infringement, are commonplace and successful third-party claims may limit or disrupt our
ability to sell our offerings. 

   

 Third parties
may claim that we, or customers using our products, are infringing their intellectual property rights. For example, patent assertion
entities, or non-practicing entities, may purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of asserting infringement
claims and attempting to extract settlements from us. Regardless of the merit of these claims, they can be time-consuming, costly
to defend, and may require that we develop or substitute non-infringing technologies, redesign affected products, divert
management’s attention and resources away from our business, require us to enter into settlement or license agreements that
may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, pay significant damage awards, including treble damages if we were found
to be willfully infringing, or temporarily or permanently cease engaging in certain activities or offering certain products or
services in some or all jurisdictions, and any of the foregoing could adversely impact our business. 

   

 Furthermore, because
of the potential for unpredictable significant damage awards or injunctive relief, even arguably unmeritorious claims may be settled
for significant amounts of money. In addition, in circumstances in which we are the beneficiary of an indemnification agreement
for such infringement claims, the indemnifying party may be unable or unwilling to uphold its indemnification obligations to us.
Our customer contracts and certain of our intellectual property license agreements often include obligations to indemnify our customers
and licensees against certain claims of intellectual property infringement, and these obligations may be uncapped. If claims of
intellectual property infringement are brought against such customers or licensees in respect of the intellectual property rights,
products or services that we provide to them, we may be required to defend such customers or licensees and/or pay a portion of,
or all, the costs these parties may incur related to such litigation or claims. In addition, our exposure to risks associated with
the use of intellectual property may be increased as a result of acquisitions, as we have a lower level of visibility into the
development process with respect to such acquired technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement or similar risks
with respect thereto. 

   

 We are subject to environmental,
health and safety matters, laws and regulations, including regulations related to the composition and takeback of our products
and related to our ownership, lease or operation of the facilities in which we operate, and, as a result, may face significant
costs or liabilities associated with environmental, health and safety matters. 

   

 We are subject
to a broad range of foreign and domestic environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and requirements, including those relating
to the discharge of regulated materials into the environment, the generation and handling of hazardous substances and wastes, human
health and safety, and the content, composition and takeback of our products. For example, the European Union (EU) Restriction
on the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive and similar laws and regulations of
China and other jurisdictions limit the content of certain hazardous materials such as lead, mercury, and cadmium in the manufacture
of electrical equipment, including our products. Additionally, the EU, China and other jurisdictions have adopted or proposed versions
of the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, which requires producers of electrical and electronic equipment to
assume responsibility for collecting, treating, recycling and disposing of products when they have reached the end of their useful
life, as well as Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances regulations, which regulate the
handling and use of certain chemical substances that may be used in our products. 

   

 If we fail
to comply with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we may face administrative, civil or
criminal fines or penalties, the suspension or revocation of necessary permits and requirements to install additional
pollution controls. Furthermore, current and future environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permit
requirements could require us to make changes to our operations or incur significant costs relating to compliance. For
example, as climate change issues become more prevalent, foreign, federal, state and local governments and our customers have
been responding to these issues. The increased focus on environmental sustainability may result in new regulations and
customer requirements, or changes in current regulations and customer requirements, which could materially adversely impact
our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we handle hazardous materials in the ordinary
course of operations and there may be spills or releases of hazardous materials into the environment. We have significant
manufacturing facilities in North and South America, in Asia-Pacific and in EMEA. At sites which we own, lease or operate, or
have previously owned, leased or operated, or where we have disposed or arranged for the disposal of hazardous materials, we
are currently liable for contamination, and could in the future be liable for additional contamination. We have been, and may
in the future, be required to participate in the remediation or investigation of, or otherwise bear liability for, such
contamination and be subject to claims from third parties whose property damage, natural resources damage or personal injury
is caused by such contamination. 

   

 

 
       24   
       
     

   

 Our business and operations may
be adversely affected by the recent coronavirus outbreak or other similar outbreaks . 

   

 We derive a significant
portion of our revenue from China. We have manufacturing facilities in China, and several of our customers, subcontractors and
suppliers also are located in China. As a result of the recent coronavirus outbreak or other adverse public health developments,
initially in Asia and increasingly in other locations, our global operations, and those of our subcontractors, customers and suppliers,
have and may continue to experience delays or disruptions, such as difficulty obtaining components, logistics and supply-chain
problems, and temporary suspensions of operations. In addition, our financial condition and results of operations have been and
may continue to be adversely affected by the coronavirus outbreak. 

   

 In addition, the
timeline and potential magnitude of the coronavirus outbreak is currently unknown.  The continuation or amplification of this
disease could more broadly affect the global economy, including our business.  For example, a significant outbreak of coronavirus
or other contagious diseases in the human population could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the
economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect our operating results. Any
of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 We have a limited history of
operating as an independent company, and Vertiv’s historical financial results or any pro forma financial results we have
or will provide in connection with the Business Combination are not necessarily representative of what Vertiv’s actual financial
position or results of operations would have been as an independent company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 

   

 Vertiv’s
historical financial results are not necessarily indicative of our future results of operations, financial condition or cash flows,
nor does it reflect what Vertiv’s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows would have been as an independent
company. Following the Business Combination, our financial condition and future results of operations could be materially different
from the historical financial results of Vertiv, so it may be difficult for investors to compare our future results to Vertiv’s
historical results or to evaluate our relative performance or trends in our business. 

   

 In particular,
Vertiv’s historical financial results are not necessarily indicative of our future results of operations, financial condition
or cash flows primarily because of the following factors: 

   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Prior to the   transactions in which Vertiv Group and certain of its affiliates acquired the assets and liabilities associated with the business, operations, products, services and activities of   the Network Power business previously owned by Emerson Electric Co.  (“ Emerson ”) in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2016 (the “ Separation ”), Vertiv’s business was operated by Emerson as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. During such time, Emerson or one of its affiliates provided support for various corporate functions for Vertiv, such as I.T., shared services, medical insurance, procurement, logistics, marketing, human resources, legal, finance and internal audit. 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Vertiv’s historical financial results reflect the direct, indirect and allocated costs for such services historically provided by Emerson prior to the Separation, and these costs may significantly differ from the comparable expenses Vertiv would have incurred as an independent company; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Prior to the Separation, Vertiv’s working capital requirements and capital expenditures historically were satisfied as part of Emerson’s corporate-wide cash management and centralized funding programs, and Vertiv’s cost of debt and other capital may significantly differ from that which is reflected in Vertiv’s historical financial results prior to the Separation; 
 

   

 

 
       25   
       
     

   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Vertiv’s historical financial results prior to the Separation may not fully reflect the costs associated with the Separation, including the costs related to being an independent company; 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Vertiv’s historical financial results prior to the Separation do not reflect Vertiv’s obligations under the various transitional and other agreements that Vertiv entered into with Emerson in connection with the Separation; and these historical financial results reflect the direct, indirect and allocated costs for such services historically provided by Emerson, and these costs may significantly differ from the comparable expenses Vertiv would have incurred as an independent company; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     · 
       
     Vertiv’s business was integrated with that of Emerson and, prior to the Separation, Vertiv benefitted from Emerson’s size and scale in costs, employees and vendor and customer relationships. Thus, costs we will incur as an independent company may significantly exceed comparable costs Vertiv would have incurred as part of Emerson and some of our customer relationships may be weakened or lost. 
 
   

 Similarly,
pro forma financial results that we have or will provide in connection with the Business Combination may not be indicative of our
future operating or financial performance and our actual financial condition and results of operations may vary materially from
such pro forma financial results.  

   

 We have recorded net losses in
the past and may experience net losses in the future. 

   

 For the years
ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, Vertiv recorded consolidated and combined net losses of $140.8 million, $314.0 million
and $369.6 million, respectively. Our future results of operations are uncertain and we may continue to record net losses in future
periods. 

   

 Our substantial level of indebtedness
could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from making payments on the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and
our other debt obligations (if any). 

   

 We have a substantial
amount of debt, including existing outstanding indebtedness under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities. Following the refinancing
transactions, as of March 2, 2020, we had approximately $2.3 billion of senior secured debt outstanding and $334.0 million of undrawn
commitments (which undrawn commitments are available subject to customary borrowing base and other conditions) under the Senior
Secured Credit Facilities, which, if drawn, would be secured. For more information on the refinancing transactions, see “ Item
1. Business—Recent Developments. ” 

   

 Our substantial
level of indebtedness could have important consequences, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations;
increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for
future working capital, capital expenditures, raw materials, strategic acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; exposing
us to interest rate fluctuations because the interest on the debt under the Term Loan Facility and the Asset-Based Revolving Credit
Facility is imposed, and debt under any future debt agreements may be imposed, at variable rates; requiring us to dedicate a substantial
portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt (including scheduled repayments on the outstanding term loan borrowings
under the Term Loan Facility or any future debt agreements with similar requirements), thereby reducing the availability of our
cash flow for operations and other purposes; making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to our lenders, resulting
in possible defaults on and acceleration of such indebtedness; limiting our ability to refinance indebtedness or increase the associated
costs; requiring us to sell assets to reduce debt or influence our decision about whether to do so; limiting our flexibility in
planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate or prevent us from carrying out capital
spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy and efforts to improve operating margins of our business; and placing
us at a competitive disadvantage compared to any competitors that have less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest
rates and that, as a result, may be better positioned to withstand economic downturns. 

   

 

 
       26   
       
     

   

 The phase-out of LIBOR could affect
interest rates for our variable rate debt and interest rate swap agreement. 

   

 LIBOR is
used as a reference rate for our variable rate debt under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities and for our interest rate swap
agreement. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority announced it intends to stop compelling
banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. It is unclear if LIBOR will cease to exist at that time, if a
new method of calculating LIBOR will be established, or if an alternative reference rate will be established. The Federal
Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, which identified
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“ SOFR ”) as its preferred alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in
derivatives and other financial contracts. We are not able to predict when LIBOR will cease to be available or if SOFR, or
another alternative reference rate, attains market traction as a LIBOR replacement. Although the Senior Secured Credit
Facilities  provide a mechanism for determining a benchmark replacement index, such replacement
may not be as favorable as LIBOR and the interest rates on our variable rate debt under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities
and in our interest rate swap agreement may change. The new rates may be higher than those in effect prior to any LIBOR
phase-out and the transition process may result in delays in funding, higher interest expense, additional expenses, and
increased volatility in markets for instruments that currently rely on LIBOR, all of which could negatively impact our cash
flow. 

   

 We also have interest
rate swap agreements, which are used to hedge the floating rate exposure of the Term Loan Facility. If LIBOR becomes unavailable
and market quotations for specified inter-bank lending are not available, it is unclear how payments under such agreements would
be calculated, which could cause the interest rate swap agreements to no longer offer us the protection we expect. Relevant industry
groups are seeking to create a standard protocol addressing the expected discontinuation of LIBOR, to which parties to then-existing
swaps will be able to adhere. There can be no assurance that such a protocol will be developed or that our swap counterparties
will adhere to it. It is uncertain whether amending our then-existing swap agreements may provide us with effective protection
from changes in the then-applicable interest rate on the Term Loan Facility indebtedness or other indebtedness. Similarly, while
industry groups have announced that they anticipate amending standard documentation to facilitate a market in swaps on one or more
successor rates to LIBOR, it is uncertain whether and to what extent a market for interest rate swaps on the successor rate selected
for the Term Loan Facility indebtedness or other indebtedness will develop, which may affect our ability to effectively hedge our
interest rate exposure. 

   

 Fluctuations
in interest rates could materially affect our financial results and may increase the risk our counterparties default on our interest
rate hedges . 

   

 Borrowings under
the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are subject to variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. Potential future
increases in interest rates and credit spreads may increase our interest expense and therefore negatively affect our financial
condition and results of operations, and reduce our access to capital markets. We have entered into interest rate swap agreements
that hedge the floating rate exposure of the Term Loan Facility. Increased interest rates may increase the risk that the counterparties
to our interest rate swap agreements will default on their obligations, which could further increase our exposure to interest rate
fluctuations. Conversely, if interest rates are lower than our swapped fixed rates, we will be required to pay more for our debt
than we would have had we not entered into the interest rate swap agreements. 

   

 Despite substantial levels of
indebtedness, we have the ability to incur more indebtedness. Incurring additional debt could further intensify the risks described
above. 

   

 We may be
able to incur additional debt in the future and the terms of the credit agreements governing the Senior Secured Credit
Facilities will not fully prohibit us from doing so. We have the ability to draw upon our $455.0 million Asset-Based
Revolving Credit Facility (subject to customary borrowing base and other conditions) and the ability to increase the
aggregate availability thereunder by up to $145.0 million (subject to receipt of commitments). We also have the ability
to draw upon the uncommitted accordion provided under the Term Loan Facility (subject to the receipt of commitments), which,
as of the date of closing of the Term Loan Facility, permitted incremental term loans thereunder of up to (i) the greater of
$325.0 million and 60% of “consolidated EBITDA” (as defined in the Term Loan Facility), plus (ii) the sum of
all voluntary prepayments, repurchases and redemptions of the Term Loan Facility and certain permitted indebtedness that is
secured on a pari passu basis with the Term Loan Facility, in each case, to the extent not financed with the incurrence of
additional long-term indebtedness, plus (iii) an unlimited amount so long as the “consolidated first lien net leverage
ratio” (as defined in the Term Loan Facility) of Vertiv Group and its restricted subsidiaries, determined on a pro
forma basis, would not exceed 3.75:1.00. The amount of the Term Loan Facility and the Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility
may be increased if we meet certain conditions. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we
now face could intensify and we may not be able to meet all our respective debt obligations. In addition, the credit
agreements governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities do not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute
indebtedness under those agreements. 

   

 

 
       27   
       
     

   

 Restrictive covenants in the
credit agreements governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, and any future debt agreements, could restrict our operating
flexibility. 

   

 The credit agreements
governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain covenants that limit our and our restricted subsidiaries’ ability
to take certain actions. These restrictions may limit our ability to operate our businesses, prohibit or limit our ability to enhance
our operations or take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. 

   

 The credit agreements
governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities restrict (subject to customary exceptions), among other things, certain of our subsidiaries’
ability to incur additional indebtedness; pay dividends or other payments on capital stock; guarantee other obligations; grant
liens on assets; make loans, acquisitions or other investments; dispose of assets; make optional payments of, or otherwise modify,
certain debt instruments; engage in transactions with affiliates; amend organizational documents; engage in mergers or consolidations;
enter into arrangements that restrict certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends; change the nature of the business
conducted by Vertiv Group and its subsidiaries; and designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 

   

 In addition, under
the Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility, if availability goes below a certain threshold, Vertiv Group and its restricted subsidiaries
are required to comply with a minimum “consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio” (as defined in the Asset-Based Revolving
Credit Facility). 

   

 Our ability to comply with the
covenants and restrictions contained in the credit agreements governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, and any future debt
agreements, is not fully within our control and breaches of such covenants or restrictions could trigger adverse consequences. 

   

 Our ability to
comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the credit agreements governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, and
any future debt agreements, may be affected by economic conditions and by financial, market and competitive factors, many of which
are beyond our control. Our ability to comply with these covenants in future periods will also depend substantially on the pricing
and sales volume of our products, our success at implementing cost reduction initiatives and our ability to successfully implement
our overall business strategy. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the credit
agreements governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, or any future debt, that would permit the holders or applicable lenders
to terminate any outstanding commitments and declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued
and unpaid interest. In that case, the applicable borrowers may be unable to borrow under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities,
or any future debt, may not be able to repay the amounts due under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, or any future debt, and
may not be able make cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise, to enable us to make payments on any future
debt. In addition, the lenders under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, or any future debt, could proceed against the collateral
securing that indebtedness. This could have serious consequences to our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows
and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent. 

   

 Our business plan is dependent
on access to funding through the capital markets. 

   

 Our ability to
invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets
and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. Volatility in the capital markets may increase costs associated
with issuing debt instruments, or affect our ability to access those markets. Any decline in the ratings of our corporate credit
or any indications from the rating agencies that their ratings on our corporate credit are under surveillance or review with possible
negative implications could adversely impact our ability to access capital. If we are unable to continue to access the capital
markets, our ability to effectively execute our business plan could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business and financial results. Additionally, if our customers, suppliers or financial institutions are unable to
access the capital markets to meet their commitments to us, our business could be adversely impacted. 

   

 
       28   
       
     

 

 
   

 Risks Related to the Ownership of
our Securities 

   

 The Vertiv Stockholder has significant
influence over us. 

   

 As
of March 9, 2020, the Vertiv Stockholder beneficially owned approximately 36.01% of our outstanding Class A common stock.
As long as the Vertiv Stockholder owns or controls a significant percentage of our outstanding voting power, it will have the
ability to significantly influence all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of
directors and the size of our Board, any amendment to our  Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (“ Certificate
of Incorporation ”) or Amended and Restated Bylaws (“ Bylaws ” and, together with the Certificate of
Incorporation, the “ Organizational Documents ”), or the approval of any merger or other significant corporate
transaction, including a sale of substantially all of our assets. The Vertiv Stockholder’s influence over our management
could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting
to obtain control of us, which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline or prevent stockholders
from realizing a premium over the market price for our Class A common stock. Because our Certificate of Incorporation opts
out of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “ DGCL ”) regulating certain
business combinations with interested stockholders, the Vertiv Stockholder may transfer shares to a third party by transferring
their common stock without the approval of our Board of Directors (our “ Board ”) or other stockholders, which
may limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the Stockholders
Agreement entered into by and among the Company, the Sponsor Members and the Vertiv Stockholder, the Vertiv Stockholder will initially
have the right to nominate up to four directors (at least two of whom will be independent) to our Board. The Vertiv Stockholder’s
right to nominate directors to our Board is subject to its ownership percentage of the total outstanding shares of Class A
common stock. If the Vertiv Stockholder holds: (1) 30% or greater of the outstanding Class A common stock, it will have the
right to nominate four directors (at least two of whom will be independent); (2) less than 30% but greater than or equal to 20%
of the outstanding Class A common stock, it will have the right to nominate three directors (at least one of whom will be
independent); (3) less than 20% but greater than or equal to 10% of the outstanding Class A common stock, it will have the
right to nominate two directors (none of whom will be required to be independent); (4) less than 10% but greater than or equal
to 5% of the outstanding Class A common stock, it will have the right to nominate one director (none of whom will be required
to be independent); and (5) less than 5% of the outstanding Class A common stock, it will not have the right to nominate
any directors. 

   

 The Vertiv Stockholder’s
interests may not align with our interests as a company or the interests of our other stockholders. Accordingly, the Vertiv Stockholder
could cause us to enter into transactions or agreements of which you would not approve or make decisions with which you would disagree.
Further, the Vertiv Stockholder is in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses
that compete directly or indirectly with us. The Vertiv Stockholder may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary
to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In recognition that principals,
members, directors, managers, partners, stockholders, officers, employees and other representatives of the Vertiv Stockholder and
its affiliates and investment funds may serve as our directors or officers, our Certificate of Incorporation provides, among other
things, that none of the Vertiv Stockholder or any principal, member, director, manager, partner, stockholder, officer, employee
or other representative of the Vertiv Stockholder has any duty to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
business activities or lines of business that we do. In the event that any of these persons or entities acquires knowledge of a
potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for itself and us, we will not have any expectancy in such
corporate opportunity, and these persons and entities will not have any duty to communicate or offer such corporate opportunity
to us and may pursue or acquire such corporate opportunity for themselves or direct such opportunity to another person. These potential
conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if, among
other things, attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by the Vertiv Stockholder to itself or its other affiliates. 

   

 We are required to pay the Vertiv
Stockholder for a significant portion of the tax benefits relating to pre-Business Combination tax assets and attributes,
regardless of whether any tax savings are realized. 

   

 

 
       29   
       
     

   

 At the closing
of the Business Combination, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement, which generally provides for the payment by us to the
Vertiv Stockholder of 65% of the cash tax savings in U.S. federal, state, local and certain foreign taxes, that we actually realize
(or are deemed to realize) in periods after the closing of the Business Combination as a result of (i) increases in the tax
basis of certain intangible assets of Vertiv resulting from certain pre-Business Combination acquisitions, (ii) certain
U.S. federal income tax credits for increasing research activities (so-called “ R&D credits ”) and
(iii) tax deductions in respect of certain Business Combination expenses. We expect to retain the benefit of the remaining
35% of these cash tax savings. The payments described in (i) and (ii) above will generally be deferred until the close of
our third taxable year following the closing of the Business Combination and will be payable over the following nine taxable years.
The payments described in (iii) above will generally be deferred until the close of our fourth taxable year following the
closing of the Business Combination and will be payable ratably over the following three taxable years regardless of whether we
actually realize such tax benefits in such years. 

   

 Under certain
circumstances (including a material breach of our obligations, certain actions or transactions constituting a change of control,
a divestiture of certain assets, upon the end of the term of the Tax Receivable Agreement or after three years, at our option),
payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be accelerated and become immediately due. In such case, the payments due upon
acceleration would be based on the present value of our anticipated future tax savings using certain valuation assumptions, including
that we will generate sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the applicable tax assets and attributes covered under the Tax
Receivable Agreement (or, in the case of a divestiture of certain assets, the applicable tax attributes relating to such assets).
Consequently, it is possible in these circumstances that the actual cash tax savings realized by us may be significantly less than
the corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement payments we are required to make at the time of acceleration. Furthermore, the acceleration
of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity. Additionally,
the obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, including the acceleration of our obligation to make payments
in the event of a change of control, could make us a less attractive target for a future acquisition. 

   

 While the timing
of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will vary depending upon the amount and timing of our taxable income, we expect
that the payments that we will be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be substantial. Payments under the
Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and such tax reporting positions are subject
to challenge by taxing authorities. Payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not be returned upon a successful challenge
by a taxing authority to our reporting positions, although such excess payments made to the Vertiv Stockholder may be netted against
payments otherwise to be made to the Vertiv Stockholder after our determination of such excess. Any payments made by us under the
Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. 

   

 For more information
about the Tax Receivable Agreement, please see “ Item 1. Business—Business Combination—Related Agreements .” 

   

 Resales of our securities may
cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well 

   

 Subject
to certain exceptions: the Vertiv Stockholder is contractually restricted from selling or transferring its Stock
Consideration Shares until August 5, 2020 and the Initial Stockholders are contractually restricted from selling or
transferring their founder shares until  the earlier of (1) February 7, 2021 and
(2) (a) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing on or after July 6, 2020, or (b) the date on which
we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our
public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other
property  (such period, the “ Sponsor Lock-up Period ”). However, following the expiration of such
lockups, neither the Vertiv Stockholder nor the Initial Stockholders will be restricted from selling their securities, other
than by applicable securities laws. The lock-up period applicable to the Initial Stockholders’ private placements
warrants and Class A common stock underlying the private placement warrants expired on March 8, 2020 and such securities
may be sold in accordance with applicable securities laws Additionally, the other PIPE Investors are not restricted from
selling any of their securities, other than by applicable securities laws.    

   

 

 
       30   
       
     

   

 We also intend
to register all shares of Class A common stock that we may issue under  the Vertiv Holdings
Co 2020 Equity Incentive Plan approved in connection with the Business Combination ( the “ Incentive Plan ”).
Once we register these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable
to affiliates. 

   

 A
significant number of shares of our Class A common stock will be issuable upon the exercise of our warrants (including
the warrants included in the units). Additionally, all of the founder shares, private placement warrants, PIPE Shares, Stock
Consideration Shares and  any other securities that are “Registrable
Securities” under the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement  have been registered for resale under
the Securities Act pursuant to the registration rights set forth in the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement or
Subscription Agreements. As restrictions on resale end and registration statements are available for use, the sale or
possibility of sale of shares by the Vertiv Stockholder, the Initial Stockholders and the PIPE Investors could have the
effect of increasing the volatility in our share price or the market price of our securities could decline if the holders of
currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them. 

   

 The trading price of our Class A
common stock, warrants and units may be volatile. 

   

 The trading price
of our Class A common stock, warrants and units may highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations due to a number of factors
such as the following, some of which will be beyond our control. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the market price
of our Class A common stock, warrants and units or result in significant fluctuations in price, regardless of our actual operating
performance, include: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     changes in the markets in which we operate; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     announcements by us, our competitors or our vendors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     additions or departures of key personnel; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     actions by stockholders, including the sale by the Vertiv Stockholder and the PIPE Investors of any of their shares of our common stock; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     speculation in the press or investment community; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     general market, economic and political conditions, including an economic slowdown; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     uncertainty regarding economic events, including in Europe in connection with the United Kingdom’s possible departure from the European Union; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     changes in interest rates; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     our operating performance and the performance of other similar companies; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     our ability to accurately project future results and our ability to achieve those and other industry and analyst forecasts; and 
 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     new legislation or other regulatory developments that adversely affect us, our markets or our industry. 
 
   

 

 
       31   
       
     

   

 Furthermore, in
recent years, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant
impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in our industry, and often occurs without
regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Therefore, factors that have little or nothing to do with us could
cause the price of our Class A common stock, warrants and units to fluctuate, and these fluctuations or any fluctuations related
to our company could cause the market price of our Class A common stock, warrants and units to decline materially. 

   

 In the past, following
periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities
litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of our management team from our business regardless
of the outcome of such litigation. 

   

 Compliance obligations under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require substantial financial and management resources. 

   

 As a privately
held company, Vertiv was not subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The standards required for a public company
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those required of Vertiv as a privately
held company. Management may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to
the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements that are applicable to us after the Business Combination. If we
are not able to implement the requirements of Section 404, including any additional requirements once we are no longer an
emerging growth company, in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may not be able to assess whether our internal controls
over financial reporting are effective, which may subject us to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence
and the market price of our securities. Additionally, once we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will be required to
comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
We currently anticipate losing our “emerging growth company” status at 2020 year end. 

   

 The obligations associated with
being a public company involve significant expenses and require significant resources and management attention, which may divert
from our business operations. 

   

 As a public company,
we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires the filing
of annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to a public company’s business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires, among other things, that a public company establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting.
As a result, we have incurred and expect to incur in the future significant legal, accounting and other expenses that Vertiv did
not previously incur. Vertiv’s entire management team and many of its other employees will need to devote substantial time
to compliance, and may not effectively or efficiently manage our transition into a public company. 

   

 We are currently an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and to the extent we have taken advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it
more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

   

 We
are currently an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act,
and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As
a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We cannot predict whether
investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our
securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower
than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our
securities may be more volatile. 

   

 

 
       32   
       
     

   

 Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt
out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company,
which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

   

 We will remain
an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the closing of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common equity that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
$700 million as of the prior June 30th; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. We currently anticipate losing our “emerging growth company” status
at 2020 year end. 

   

 Warrants became exercisable for
our Class A common stock on March 8, 2020, which increases the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market
and results in dilution to our stockholders. 

   

 Outstanding warrants
to purchase a significant number of shares of our Class A common stock became exercisable in accordance with the terms of
the warrant agreement on March 8, 2020. The exercise price of these warrants is $11.50 per share. To the extent such warrants
are exercised, additional shares of our Class A common stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to the holders
of our Class A common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial
numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that such warrants may be exercised could adversely affect the market price
of our Class A common stock. However, there is no guarantee that the warrants will continue to be in the money, and as such,
the warrants may expire worthless. 

   

 The warrants may not continue
to be in the money, they may expire worthless and the terms of the warrants may be amended in a manner that may be adverse to holders
of our warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise
price of the warrants could be increased, the warrants could be converted into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially
provided), the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise
of a warrant could be decreased, all without a warrant holder’s approval. 

   

 The warrants may
not continue to be in the money, and they may expire worthless. Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement
between Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc., acting together as warrant agent (together, “ Computershare ”),
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding
public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of warrants. Accordingly, we
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants
approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of at least 50% of the then
outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the
exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten
the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

   

 

 
       33   
       
     

   

 We may redeem unexpired warrants
prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to a warrant holder, thereby making the warrants worthless. 

   

 We have the ability
to redeem outstanding warrants at any time prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported
sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the
third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable
by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under
all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force warrant holders to: (1) exercise
their warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so (2) sell their warrants
at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish to hold their warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption
price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market
value of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor
Members or their respective permitted transferees. 

   

 In addition, following
June 6, 2020, we may redeem warrants for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date
and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption
described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are “out-of-the-money,” in
which case warrant holders would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A
common stock had the warrants remained outstanding. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as
they are held by the Sponsor Members or their permitted transferees. 

   

 The NYSE may delist our securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us
to additional trading restrictions. 

   

 Our Class A
common stock, public warrants and units are listed on the NYSE. There is no guarantee that these securities will remain listed
on the NYSE. Although we currently meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NYSE listing standards, there can
be no assurance that these securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future. In order to continue listing our securities
on the NYSE, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. In general, we must maintain a minimum number
of holders of our securities. 

   

 If the NYSE delists
any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange,
we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     a determination that our Class A common stock are a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     • 
     a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
   

 The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because our Class A common stock, public warrants and
units are listed on the NYSE, our Class A common stock, public warrants and units qualify as covered securities under such
statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states
to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can
regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. If we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would
not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

   

 

 
       34   
       
     

   

 The coverage of our business
or our securities by securities or industry analysts or the absence thereof could adversely affect our securities and trading volume. 

   

 The trading market
for our securities will be influenced in part by the research and other reports that industry or securities analysts may publish
about us or our business or industry from time to time. We do not control these analysts or the content and opinions included in
their reports. As a former blank check company, we may be slow to attract equity research coverage, and the analysts who publish
information about our securities will have had relatively little experience with our company, which could affect their ability
to accurately forecast our results and make it more likely that we fail to meet their estimates. If no or few analysts commence
equity research coverage of us, the trading price and volume of our securities would likely be negatively impacted. If analysts
do cover us and one or more of them downgrade our securities, or if they issue other unfavorable commentary about us or our industry
or inaccurate research, our stock price would likely decline. Furthermore, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage or fail
to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets. Any of the foregoing would likely cause
our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

   

 Anti-takeover provisions contained
in our Organizational Documents, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

   

 Our Organizational
Documents contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best
interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control.
Together, these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could
involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Certain of these provisions provide: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     the requirement that directors may only be removed from the Board for cause; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     the right of our Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director in certain circumstances, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     a prohibition on stockholders calling a special meeting and the requirement that a meeting of stockholders may only be called by members of our Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a meeting of stockholders, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company. 
 
   

 

 
       35   
       
     

   

 Our Certificate of Incorporation
includes a forum selection clause, which could discourage claims or limit stockholders’ ability to make a claim against us,
our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. 

   

 Our
Certificate of Incorporation includes a forum selection clause, which provides that, unless we consent in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for
any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of
the Company; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or
other employees of the Company to the Company or our stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to
any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or (d) any action asserting a claims governed
by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (a) through (d) above, any claim (i) as to which the
Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
(and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following
such determination), (ii) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery,
(iii) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction or (iv) arising under the federal
securities laws, including the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the
District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. This forum selection clause may discourage claims
or limit stockholders’ ability to submit claims in a judicial forum that they find favorable and may result in
additional costs for a stockholder seeking to bring a claim. While we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce this
forum selection clause is low, if a court were to determine the forum selection clause to be inapplicable or unenforceable in
an action, we may incur additional costs in conjunction with our efforts to resolve the dispute in an alternative
jurisdiction, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the forum selection clause will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and
exclusive forum. 

   

 We are a holding company and
will depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends. 

   

 We are a holding
company without any direct operations and have no significant assets other than our ownership interest in Second Merger Sub. Accordingly,
our ability to pay dividends depends upon the financial condition, liquidity and results of operations of, and our receipt of dividends,
loans or other funds from, our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to
make funds available to us. In addition, there are various statutory, regulatory and contractual limitations and business considerations
on the extent, if any, to which our subsidiaries may pay dividends, make loans or otherwise provide funds to us. For example, the
ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions, loans and other payments to us for the purposes described above and for any
other purpose may be limited by the terms of the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness. 

   

 
 
     Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments.  
 
   

 None. 

   

 
 
     Item 2. 
     Properties.  
 
   

 The
Company's principal executive offices are located at 1050 Dearborn Drive, Columbus, Ohio. The Company maintains offices and manufacturing
facilities at approximately 363 locations in 50 countries. The Company is a lessee under a number of operating leases for certain
real properties and equipment, none of which are material to its operations. Management believes that the existing manufacturing
facilities are adequate for its operations and that the facilities are maintained in good condition. The company does not anticipate
difficulty in renewing leases as they expire or in finding alternative facilities. 

   

 
 
     Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings.  
 
   

 In the normal course
of business, we are involved in a variety of lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings, including commercial and contract disputes,
employment matters, product liability claims, environmental liabilities and intellectual property disputes. 

   

 The
Company is a party to a number of pending legal proceedings and claims, including those involving general and product liability
and other matters. As of December 31, 2019, there were no pending legal proceedings that management currently believes are material
to the Company. 

   

 
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
   

 None. 

   

 

 
       36   
       
     

   

 
   

 PART II.  

   

 
 
     Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
   

 (a) Market Information  

   

 Our Class A common stock, units and warrants
currently trade on the NYSE under the symbols “VRT,” “VERT.U” and VRT WS,” respectively. From June
8, 2018 until the consummation of the Business Combination on February 7, 2020, our units traded on the NYSE under the symbol “GSAH.U.”
From July 30, 2018 until the consummation of the Business Combination on February 7, 2020, our Class A common stock and warrants
traded on the NYSE under the symbols “GSAH” and “GSAH WS,” respectively. 

   

 (b) Holders 

   

 As of March 9, 2020 there was one
holder of record of our units, approximately 75 holders of record of our separately traded Class A common stock, and three
holders of record of our warrants.  Such numbers do not include DTC participants or beneficial owners holding shares through
nominee names. 

   

 (c) Dividends 

   

 We have not paid
any cash dividends on our Class A common stock to date. We expect to initiate an annual dividend of $0.01 per share of our Class A
common stock. We are a holding company without any direct operations and have no significant assets other than our ownership interest
in Second Merger Sub. Accordingly, our ability to pay dividends depends upon the financial condition, liquidity and results of
operations of, and our receipt of dividends, loans or other funds from, our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct
legal entities and have no obligation to make funds available to us. In addition, there are various statutory, regulatory and contractual
limitations and business considerations on the extent, if any, to which our subsidiaries may pay dividends, make loans or otherwise
provide funds to us. For example, the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions, loans and other payments to us for the
purposes described above and for any other purpose may be limited by the terms of the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness.
The declaration and payment of dividends is also at the discretion of our Board and depends on various factors including our results
of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our Board. 

   

 In addition, under
Delaware law, our Board may declare dividends only to the extent of our surplus (which is defined as total assets at fair market
value minus total liabilities, minus statutory capital) or, if there is no surplus, out of our net profits for the then-current and/or
immediately preceding fiscal year. 

   

 (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

   

 There were no
equity compensation plans authorized by GSAH as of December 31, 2019. GSAH’s Board adopted the Incentive Plan on  December
9, 2019 which was approved by GSAH’s stockholders on February 6, 2020. The Incentive Plan was adopted for the purpose
of better motivating our employees, consultants and directors to achieve superior performance measured by both our key financial
and operating metrics as well as relative stock price appreciation.  The Plan is administered by the compensation committee
of our Board and permits the granting of  incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options; stock appreciation rights;
performance awards, which may be cash-or share-based; restricted stock units; restricted stock; and other stock-based
awards. 

   

 

 
       37   
       
     

   

 The
following table presents certain information about the Incentive Plan as of March 1, 2020: 

   

 
 
     Plan category   
     Number of securities to be issued  upon exercise of outstanding  options, warrants and rights   (a)     
     Weighted-average exercise price of  outstanding options, warrants and  rights   (b)     
     Number of securities remaining  available for future issuance under  equity compensation plans (excluding  securities reflected in column (a))   (c)   
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders:   
           
           
         
 
     Incentive Plan   
       5,585,597     
     $ 12.07     
       27,914,403   
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders   
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
     Total   
       5,585,597     
     $ 12.07     
       27,914,403   
 

   

 
 
     Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data.  
 
   

 The following table summarizes selected
historical financial data of GSAH and should be read in conjunction with GSAH’s audited financial statements and the notes
related thereto which are included in “ Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ” of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

   







 
 
         
       
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
       2019     
       2018     
       2017   
 
     Statement of Operations Data   
             
             
           
 
     Net income (loss)   
     $ 4,389,796     
     $ 5,030,748     
     $ (1,276 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock   
       69,000,000     
       69,000,000     
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A   
     $ 0.05     
     $ 0.06     
     $ —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock   
       17,250,000     
       17,250,000     
       17,250,000   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B   
     $ 0.05     
     $ 0.06     
     $ (0.00 ) 
 



 





 

   

 

 
       38   
       
     

   

 

 
 
     Statement of Cash Flows:   
           
           
         
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
     $ 9,723,262     
     $ 4,172,249     
     $ —   
 
     Net cash used in investing activities   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Net cash provided by financing activities   
     $ 2,000,000     
     $ 691,545,932     
     $ —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Balance Sheets:   
             
             
           
 
     Cash   
     $ 955,457     
     $ 835,544     
     $ —   

 
     Working capital surplus/(deficit)(1)   
     $ (4,845,200 )   
     $ 128,547     
     $ 23,724   
 
     Total assets   
     $ 709,053,424     
     $ 697,339,051     
     $ 25,000   
 
     Total liabilities   
     $ 30,752,104     
     $ 25,427,528     
     $ 1,276   
 
     Equity   
     $ 5,000,007     
     $ 5,000,001     
     $ 23,724   
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Does not include balances of Trust Account, deferred underwriting compensation and franchise tax liabilities. 
 
   

 

 
       39   
       
     

   

 
 
     Item 7. 
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
 
   

 Unless the context
otherwise requires, all references in this section to the “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company”
or “GSAH” refer to GSAH prior to the consummation of the Business Combination.  The following discussion
and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors, including those set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Item
1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Overview 

   

 As of December 31, 2019, we were a blank
check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.  We
reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into a business combination with an operating business, and entered into the Merger
Agreement on December 10, 2019. We financed the Business Combination through the issuance of shares of our Class A common
stock to the Vertiv Stockholder, the PIPE Investors and the Subscribing Vertiv Executives and cash. 

   

 At December 31, 2019, we had cash and
cash equivalents of $955,457, current liabilities of $6,602,104 and deferred underwriting compensation of $24,150,000. 

   

 Results of Operations 

   

 For the years ended December 31, 2019,
2018 and 2017, we had net income/(loss) of $4,389,796, $5,030,748 and $(1,276), respectively. Our income for 2019 consist solely
of dividends earned. Our business activities from Inception to December 31, 2019 consisted primarily of our formation, completing
our IPO and identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for an initial business combination. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   

 Until the closing of the IPO, our only source
of liquidity was from the sale of the founder shares to an affiliate of our Sponsor and the proceeds of a promissory note (the
 “ Note ”) from an affiliate of the Sponsor, in the amount of $300,000, as well as the proceeds of a 2016 promissory
note from an affiliate of the Sponsor (the “ 2016 Note ”), in the amount of $300,000. The Note and the 2016 Note
were repaid upon the closing of the IPO and in December 2016, respectively. 

   

 On June 12, 2018, we closed the
IPO of 69,000,000 units, including 9,000,000 units issued pursuant to the exercise by the underwriters of their option to
purchase additional units in full, at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating proceeds to us of $690,000,000 before
underwriting discounts and expenses. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we closed the private placement of an
aggregate of 10,533,333 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, to the Sponsor, at a price of $1.50 per private
placement warrant, generating proceeds of $15,800,000. On the closing of the IPO, we placed $690,000,000 of proceeds
(including $24,150,000 of deferred underwriting discount) from the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants into a
trust account (the “ Trust Account ”) and held $2,000,000 (net of offering expenses, other than underwriting
discounts, paid upon the consummation of the IPO) of such proceeds outside the Trust Account. Of the funds held outside the
Trust Account, $300,000 was used to repay the Note to the Sponsor, with the balance used or reserved for: offering and
formation costs; legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses in connection with any business combinations;
legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; NYSE continued listing fees; office space,
administrative and support services; a reserve for liquidation expenses; and working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses
(including franchise taxes net of anticipated interest income). 

   

 

 
       40   
       
     

   

 At December 31, 2019 we had cash and
cash equivalents held outside the Trust Account of $955,457 and working capital deficit of $4,845,200, not including balances of
Trust Account, deferred underwriting compensation and franchise tax liabilities. At December 31, 2019,   such
funds held outside the trust account were held  in money market funds registered under the Investment Company Act and compliant
with Rule 2a-7. As of December 31, 2019, we held $706,486,486 in Goldman Sachs Financial Square Treasury Investments Fund,
a money market fund managed by an affiliate of the Sponsor. 

   

 On March 11, 2019, GS Sponsor Member, an
affiliate of the Sponsor, provided us with the Sponsor Commitment (as defined below) pursuant to which GS Sponsor Member agreed
that, if funds were needed by us through June 12, 2020 to pay ordinary course expenses, GS Sponsor LLC would provide us with
liquidity of up to an aggregate of $2.0 million. As of December 31, 2019, we have received all of the $2.0 million from GS Sponsor
LLC pursuant to this commitment. GS Sponsor Member did not receive any additional interest in us in exchange for any such
contribution and any liquidity provided under the Sponsor Commitment was in the form of a contribution with respect to the Sponsor’s
Founder Shares. 

   

 In addition, income on the funds held in
the Trust Account were released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes. 

   

 On the Closing Date, Vertiv Holdings Co
(formerly known as GS Acquisition Holdings Corp), consummated the Business Combination pursuant to that certain Merger Agreement,
by and among GSAH, Vertiv Holdings, the Vertiv Stockholder, the First Merger Sub and the Second Merger Sub. As contemplated by
the Merger Agreement, (1) First Merger Sub merged with and into Vertiv Holdings, with Vertiv Holdings continuing as the surviving
entity and (2) immediately following the First Merger and as part of the same overall transaction as the First Merger, Vertiv
Holdings merged with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and renamed “Vertiv
Holdings, LLC.” As a result of the consummation of the Business Combination, (a) the Company directly owns all of the
equity interests of Vertiv Holdings, LLC and indirectly owns the equity interests of its subsidiaries and (b) the Vertiv
Stockholder, the sole equity owner of Vertiv Holdings prior to the Business Combination, holds 118,261,955 shares of our Class A
common stock as of March 9, 2020. In connection with the Business Combination, the registrant changed its name from GS Acquisition
Holdings Corp to “Vertiv Holdings Co”. See “ Item 1. Business—Business Combination. ” 

   

 Concurrently with
the execution of the Merger Agreement, GSAH entered into the Subscription Agreements with the PIPE Investors pursuant to which
the PIPE Investors collectively subscribed for 123,900,000 PIPE Shares for an aggregate purchase price equal to $1,239,000,000.
The PIPE Investment was consummated in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. See “ Item 1. Business—Business
Combination. ” 

   

 To further its
objective to explore future financing options to optimize its capital structure, on January 31, 2020, Vertiv commenced a process
to (i) amend and extend  the Prior Asset-Based Revolving Credit  Facility and (ii) refinance
(a) the indebtedness represented by the Prior Term Loan Facility, (b) the 2022 Senior Notes, (c) the 2024 Senior Notes and (d)
the 2024 Senior Secured Notes. In connection with the refinancing process, on January 31, 2020, Vertiv called each of the Prior
Notes for conditional redemption on March 2, 2020, in accordance with the respective indentures governing the Prior Notes. In addition,
a total of $500,000 principal amount of 2024 Senior Notes were tendered in the change of control offer made in connection with
the Business Combination and were repurchased on February 7, 2020. 

   

 On the
Closing Date and prior to the completion of the refinancing, Vertiv used a portion of the proceeds from the Business
Combination, including the PIPE Investment, to repay $176 million of the outstanding indebtedness under the Prior Asset-Based
Revolving Credit Facility and approximately $1.29 billion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Prior Term Loan
Facility. 

   

 

 
       41   
       
     

   

 On March 2,
2020, Vertiv Holdings Co completed the refinancing by entering into (i) the Amendment to the Prior-Asset Based Revolving
Credit Facility, which Amendment extended the maturity of, and made certain other modifications to, the Prior Asset-Based
Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) the Term Loan Facility, with the borrowings thereunder used to repay or redeem, as
applicable, in full the Prior Term Loan Facility and the Prior Notes. The refinancing transactions reduce Vertiv Holdings
Co’s debt service requirements going forward and extend the maturity profile of its indebtedness.
For more information regarding the refinancing transactions, see “ Item 1. Business—Recent
Developments. ” 

   

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

   

 We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements (within the meaning of Item 303 of Regulation S-K) as of December 31,
2019. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often
referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet
arrangements (within the meaning of Item 303 of Regulation S-K). 

   

 We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements (within the meaning of Item 303 of Regulation S-K), established any special purpose entities, guaranteed
any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

   

 Contractual Obligations 

   

 At December 31, 2019, we did not have
any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. On June 7, 2018, we entered
into an administrative support agreement pursuant to which we agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per
month for office space, administrative and support services. For the year ended December 31, 2019, we incurred expenses of
$120,000 for such services. The administrative support agreement was terminated on the Closing Date. 

   

 The underwriters of the IPO were entitled
to underwriting discounts and commissions of 5.5%, of which 2.0% ($13,800,000) was paid at the closing of the IPO and 3.5% ($24,150,000)
was deferred. The deferred underwriting discount was paid to the underwriters on the Closing Date. 

   

 Critical Accounting Policies 

   

 The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results
could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

   

 Net Income Per Common Share 

   

 We comply with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income per share of common stock is computed by dividing net income
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings
per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from Earnings Per Share (“ EPS ”)
as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

   

 

 
       42   
       
     

   

 At December 31, 2019, we had
outstanding warrants to purchase of up to 33,533,317 shares of Class A common stock. The weighted average of these
shares was excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share of common stock since the exercise of the warrants
is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. At December 31, 2019, we did not have any dilutive securities or
other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in our
earnings. As a result, diluted net income per share of common stock is the same as basic net income per share of common stock
for the year. 

   

 Redeemable Shares of Class A Common Stock 

   

 All of the 69,000,000 shares of Class A
common stock sold as parts of the units in the IPO contain a redemption feature. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions
not solely within our control require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which
involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity’s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB
ASC 480. Although we had not specified a maximum redemption threshold at December 31, 2019, GSAH’s Certificate of Incorporation
provided that in no event would we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
$5,000,001. 

   

 Accordingly, at December 31, 2019,
65,673,521 of the 69,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock were classified outside of permanent equity at their redemption
value. 

   

 Offering Costs 

   

 We comply with the requirements of the FASB
ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A – “Expenses of Offering.” We incurred offering
costs in connection with our IPO of $992,949. These costs, together with the upfront underwriter discount and deferred discount
of $37,950,000, were charged to the shares of our Class A common stock and warrants upon the closing of our IPO. The deferred
discount was paid on the Closing Date. 

   

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 In November 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash (“ ASU 2016-18 ”),
which requires companies to include cash and cash equivalents that have restrictions on withdrawal or use in total cash and cash
equivalents on the statement of cash flows. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2019. Prior periods were retrospectively
adjusted to conform to the current period presentation. The adoption of the guidance did not have a material impact on our Statement
of Cash Flows. 

   

 

 
       43   
       
     

   

 
 
     Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 
 
   

 As of December 31, 2019, we were not
subject to any material market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants
held in the Trust Account, were invested in money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believed there was no associated material exposure to interest
rate risk. 

   

 As of December 31, 2019, we had not engaged
in any hedging activities since our inception. 

   

 
 
     Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
   

 Index to Financial Statements  

   

 
 
         
     Page 
       
 
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
       
     45 
       
 
     Balance Sheets 
       
     46 
       
 
     Statements of Operations 
       
     47 
       
 
     Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
       
     48 
       
 
     Statements of Cash Flows 
       
     49 
       
 
     Notes to Financial Statements 
       
     50 
       
 

   

 

 
       44   
       
     

   

   

 

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

   

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Vertiv Holdings Co 

   

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

   

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of GS Acquisition Holdings Corp (the “Company”) as of December
31, 2019 and 2018, and the related statements of operations, of changes in stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2019 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

   

 Basis for Opinion 

   

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

   

 We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

   

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of
the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

    

   

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

   

 McLean, Virginia 

 March 11, 2020 

 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2018. 

   



 

   

 
    

 

 
       45   
       
     

   

 GS Acquisition Holdings Corp  

 BALANCE SHEETS  

   

 
 
         
     December 31,  2019     
     December 31,  2018   
 
     ASSETS   
             
           
 
     Current assets:   
             
           
 
     Cash   
     $ 955,457     
     $ 835,544   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Account   
       706,486,486     
       —   
 
     Accrued dividends receivable held in Trust Account   
       918,719     
       —   
 
     Prepaid expenses   
       692,762     
       341,424   
 
         
             
           
 
     Total current assets   
       709,053,424     
       1,176,968   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Account   
       —     
       694,883,137   
 
     Accrued dividends receivable held in Trust Account   
       —     
       1,278,946   
 
         
             
           
 
     Total assets   
     $ 709,053,424     
     $ 697,339,051   
 
         
             
           
 
         
             
           
 
     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY   
             
           
 
     Current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Accounts payable and offering costs   
     $ 6,602,104     
     $ 1,183,089   
 
     Deferred underwriting compensation   
       24,150,000     
       —   
 
     Income tax payable   
       —     
       94,439   
 
         
             
           
 
     Total current liabilities   
       30,752,104     
       1,277,528   
 
     Deferred underwriting compensation   
       —     
       24,150,000   
 
         
             
           
 
     Total liabilities   
       30,752,104     
       25,427,528   
 
         
             
           
 
     Commitments and contingencies   
             
           
 
     Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; 65,673,521 and 66,100,835 shares at redemption value at December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, respectively   
       673,301,313     
       666,911,522   
 
         
             
           
 
     Stockholders’ equity:   
             
           
 
     Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding   
       —     
       —   
 
     Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 3,326,479 and 2,899,165 issued and outstanding (excluding 65,673,521 and 66,100,835 shares subject to possible redemption), at December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, respectively   
       333     
       290   
 
     Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 17,250,000 issued and outstanding   
       1,725     
       1,725   
 
     Additional paid-in capital   
       —     
       271,932   
 
     Retained earnings   
       4,997,949     
       4,726,054   
 
         
             
           
 
     Total stockholders’ equity   
       5,000,007     
       5,000,001   
 
         
             
           
 
     Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   
     $ 709,053,424     
     $ 697,339,051   
 

   

 See accompanying notes to financial statements 

   

 

 
       46   
       
     

   

 GS Acquisition Holdings Corp 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2019     
     2018     
     2017   
 
     Revenues   
     $ 
     —     
     $ 
     —     
     $ 
     —   
 
     Dividend income   
       14,245,632     
       7,407,083     
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     General and administrative expenses   
       (7,743,002 )   
       (1,036,896 )   
       (1,276 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Income (loss) before income tax provision   
       6,502,630     
       6,370,187     
       (1,276 ) 
 
     Provision for income tax   
       (2,112,834 )   
       (1,339,439 )   
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Net Income/ (loss)   
     $ 4,389,796     
     $ 5,030,748     
     $ (1,276 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Weighted average shares outstanding of  Class A common stock   
       69,000,000     
       69,000,000     
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A   
     $ 0.05     
     $ 0.06     
     $ —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Weighted average shares outstanding of  Class B common stock   
       17,250,000     
       17,250,000     
       17,250,000   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B   
     $ 0.05     
     $ 0.06     
     $ (0.00 ) 
 




   

 See accompanying notes to financial statements 

   

 

 
       47   
       
     

   

 GS Acquisition Holdings Corp 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’
EQUITY  

   

 
 
         
     Class
    A  Common Stock      
     Class
    B  Common Stock   
           
           
         
 
         
     Shares     
     Amount     
     Shares     
     Amount     
     Additional 
    Paid-in  Capital     
     Retained 
    Earnings /  (Accumulated  Deficit)     
     Stockholders’ 
    Equity   
 
     Balance,
    December 31, 2016   
       —     
     $ —     
       17,250,000     
     $ 1,725     
     $ 326,693     
     $ (303,418 )   
     $ 25,000   
 
     Net
    loss   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (1,276 )   
       (1,276 ) 
 
     Balance,
    December 31, 2017   
       —     
     $ —     
       17,250,000     
     $ 1,725     
     $ 326,693     
     $ (304,694 )   
     $ 23,724   
 
     Class
    A common stock issued   
       2,804,628     
       280     
       —     
       —     
       28,046,000     
       —     
       28,046,280   
 
     Private
    Placement Warrants issued   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       15,800,000     
       —     
       15,800,000   
 
     Warrants
    attached to Class A common stock net of offering costs   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       8,302,250     
       —     
       8,302,250   
 
     Accretion
    for Class A common stock to redemption amount   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (53,148,372 )   
       —     
       (53,148,372 ) 
 
     Change
    in Class A common stock subject to possible redemption   
       94,537     
       10     
       —     
       —     
       945,361     
       —     
       945,371   
 
     Net
    income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       5,030,748     
       5,030,748   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Balance,
    December 31, 2018   
       2,899,165     
     $ 290     
       17,250,000     
     $ 1,725     
     $ 271,932     
     $ 4,726,054     
     $ 5,000,001   
 
     Accretion
    for Class A common stock to redemption amount   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       (6,545,029 )    
       (4,117,901 )   
       (10,662,930 ) 
 
     Change
    in Class A common stock subject to possible redemption   
       427,314     
       43     
       —     
       —     
       4,273,097     
       —     
       4,273,140   
 
     Proceeds
    from sponsor commitment   
             
             
             
             
       2,000,000     
             
       2,000,000   
 
     Net
    income   
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       —     
       4,389,796     
       4,389,796   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Balance,
    December 31, 2019   
       3,326,479     
     $ 333     
       17,250,000     
     $ 1,725     
     $ —     
     $ 4,997,949     
     $ 5,000,007   
 



   

 See accompanying notes to financial statements 

   

 

 
       48   
       
     

   

 GS Acquisition Holdings Corp  

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended December 31,   
 
         
     2019     
     2018     
     2017   
 
     Cash flows from operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net income (loss)   
     $ 4,389,796     
     $ 5,030,748     
     $ (1,276 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Change in operating assets and liabilities:   
             
             
           
 
     (Increase) decrease in dividend receivable   
       360,227     
       (1,278,946 )   
       —   
 
     (Increase) in prepaid expenses   
       (351,338 )   
       (341,424 )   
       —   
 
     Decrease in receivable from GS DC Sponsor I LLC   
       —     
       25,000     
       —   
 
     Increase in accounts payable   
       5,419,016     
       642,932     
       1,276   
 
     Increase (decrease) in accrued tax payable   
       (94,439 )   
       94,439     
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Net cash provided by /(used in) operating activities   
       9,723,262     
       4,172,749     
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash flows from financing activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Proceeds from sponsor commitment   
       2,000,000     
       —     
       —   
 
     Proceeds from sale of Units in Public Offering   
       —     
       690,000,000     
       —   
 
     Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants   
       —     
       15,800,000     
       —   
 
     Payment of underwriting discounts   
       —     
       (13,800,000 )   
       —   
 
     Payment of offering costs   
       —     
       (454,068 )   
       —   
 
     Proceeds from GS DC Sponsor I LLC promissory note   
       —     
       300,000     
       —   
 
     Repayment of GS DC Sponsor I LLC promissory note   
       —     
       (300,000 )   
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Net cash provided by financing activities   
       2,000,000     
       691,545,932     
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Increase in cash and restricted cash   
       11,723,262     
       695,718,681     
       —   
 
     Cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   
       695,718,681     
       —     
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents at end of year   
     $ 707,441,943     
     $ 695,718,681     
     $ —   
 


   

 See accompanying notes to financial statements 

   

 

 
       49   
       
     

   

 
 GS ACQUISITION HOLDINGS CORP  

   

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 Note 1—Description of Organization and Business
Operations  

   

 Organization and General  

   

 GS Acquisition Holdings Corp (the “Company”) was
incorporated as a Delaware corporation on April 25, 2016. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the
 “Initial Business Combination”). The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of
2012 (the “JOBS Act”). 

   

 All activity for the period from April 25, 2016 (“Inception”)
through December 31, 2019 relates to the Company’s formation and its initial public offering (the “Public Offering”)
described below and identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for an Initial Business Combination. The Company
will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of its Initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company
will generate non-operating income in the form of interest or dividend income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds
derived from the Public Offering and the Private Placement (as defined below) (Note 4). The Company has selected December 31st as
its fiscal year end. 

   

 Sponsor and Financing  

   

 Between April and June 2016, GS Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company that was initially formed for purposes of being the Company’s sponsor (the “GSAM Member”),
began exploring an initial public offering for the Company. The GSAM Member ultimately decided to halt that effort, while continuing
to refine its strategy and seek the right partner for this venture. 

   

 On March 21, 2018, GS DC Sponsor I LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, was selected as the new sponsor of the Company (the “Sponsor”). The Sponsor is jointly owned by
the GSAM Member and Cote SPAC 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

   

 The registration statement for the Company’s Public Offering
was declared effective by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on June 7, 2018. On
June 8, 2018, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase additional units in full. The closing of the underwriters’
option to purchase additional units occurred concurrently with the closing of the Public Offering on June 12, 2018. The Company
intends to finance its Initial Business Combination with the net proceeds from the $690,000,000 Public Offering of Units (as defined
below) (Note 3) and a $15,800,000 private placement of Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) (Note 4). Upon the
closing of the Public Offering and a private placement (the “Private Placement”), $690,000,000 was placed in a U.S.-based
trust account (the “Trust Account”) with Wilmington Trust, N.A. acting as trustee (discussed below). 

   

 The Trust Account  

   

 The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested in money
market funds registered under the Investment Company Act and compliant with Rule 2a-7 thereof that maintain a stable net asset
value of $1.00. Unless and until the Company completes the Initial Business Combination, it may pay its expenses only from the
net proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside the Trust Account, initially $2,000,000 less offering
expenses (not including underwriting commission) paid upon the closing of the Public Offering. 

   

 Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, the proceeds from the Public Offering and the
Private Placement will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of: (i) the completion of the Initial
Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote
to amend the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the
Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its public shares if it does not complete the Initial Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; and (iii) the redemption of all of the Company’s public
shares if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the
Public Offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of
the Company’s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company’s public
stockholders. 

   

 

 
       50   
       
     

   

 The balance in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2019
was $707,405,205, including $918,719 of accrued dividends. 

   

 Initial Business Combination  

   

 The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public
Offering and the Private Placement are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an Initial Business Combination. The
Initial Business Combination must occur with one or more businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). There is no assurance that
the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination. 

   

 The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an Initial
Business Combination, will provide its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares upon
the completion of the Initial Business Combination, either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve
the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. However, in no event will the Company redeem its public shares
in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets, after payment of deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than $5,000,001.
In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related Initial Business Combination,
and instead may search for an alternate Initial Business Combination. 

   

 If the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender
offer for shares in connection with an Initial Business Combination, a public stockholder will have the right to redeem its shares
for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. As a result, such
shares of Class A common stock are recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of
the Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) 480, “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” 

   

 Pursuant to the Company’s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing
of the Public Offering, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest but less taxes payable (less up to
$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. 

   

 The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined below) held by them if the Company fails to complete the
Initial Business Combination within 24 months of the closing of the Public Offering. However, if the Sponsor or any of the
Company’s directors or officers acquires shares of Class A common stock in or after the Public Offering, they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the Initial
Business Combination within the prescribed time period. 

   

 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company after an Initial Business Combination, the Company’s stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class
of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The Company’s stockholders have no preemptive or other
subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that the Company will
provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, under the circumstances, and, subject to the limitations, described
herein. 

   

 

 
       51   
       
     

   

 Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 

   

 Basis of Presentation  

   

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure
rules and regulations of the SEC. 

   

 Emerging Growth Company  

   

 Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those
that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under
the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company,
as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

   

 This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statement
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

   

 Net Income Per Common Share  

   

 The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income per share of common stock is computed by dividing net income by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings
per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from EPS as the redemption value
approximates fair value. 

   

 At December 31, 2019, the Company had outstanding warrants
to purchase of up to 33,533,317 shares of Class A common stock. The weighted average of these shares was excluded from the
calculation of diluted net income per share of common stock since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. At December 31, 2019, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially,
be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income
per share of common stock is the same as basic net income per share of common stock for the period. 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents  

   

 Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and on deposit
at banking institutions as well as all highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. As of
December 31, 2019, the Company held deposits of $955,457 at custodian bank and $706,486,486 in Goldman Sachs Financial Square
Treasury Investments Fund, a money market fund managed by an affiliate of the GSAM Member. Money market funds are characterized
as Level I investments within the fair value hierarchy under ASC 820. Dividend income from money market funds is recognized
on an accrual basis. 

   

 

 
       52   
       
     

   

 Redeemable Shares of Class A Common Stock  




   

 As discussed in Note 1, all of the 69,000,000 shares of Class A
common stock sold as parts of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption
provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary
liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity’s equity instruments, are excluded
from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company has not specified a maximum redemption threshold, its amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will the Company redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause
its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. 

   

 Accordingly, at December 31, 2019, 65,673,521 of the 69,000,000
shares of Class A common stock included in the Units were classified outside of permanent equity at their redemption value. 

   

 Concentration of Credit Risk  

   

 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository
Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is
not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

   

 Financial Instruments  

   

 The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities,
which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short term nature. 

   

 Use of Estimates  

   

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

   

 Offering Costs  

   

 The Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A – “Expenses of Offering.” The Company incurred offering
costs in connection with its Public Offering of $992,949. These costs, together with the upfront underwriter discount and deferred
discount, of $37,950,000 were charged to the shares of Class A common stock and warrants upon the closing of the Public Offering. 

   

 Income Taxes  

   

 The Company is taxed as a corporation for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. As a corporation, for tax purposes, the Company is subject to U.S. federal and various state and local income taxes
on its earnings. For the period from Inception through March 20, 2018, the Company is included with the Goldman Sachs Group
Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Group Inc.”) in the consolidated corporate federal income tax return as well as consolidated/combined
state and local tax returns. The Company computed its tax liability on a modified separate company basis and will settle such liability
with the Group Inc. pursuant to a tax sharing arrangement. 

   

 To the extent the Company generates tax benefits from losses
during such time that it is consolidated with the Group Inc., the amounts will be reimbursed by the Group Inc. pursuant to the
tax sharing arrangement. The Company’s state and local tax liabilities are allocated to reflect its share of the consolidated/combined
state and local income tax liability. 

   

 Following changes in ownership on March 21, 2018, the
Company deconsolidated from the Group Inc. for tax purposes and the tax sharing arrangement with the Group Inc. was
terminated. Beginning March 21, 2018, the Company will file separate corporate federal and state and local income tax
returns. To the extent the Company generates tax losses after it ceases being consolidated with the Group Inc., tax benefits
from losses will be accrued if it is more likely than not the losses may be carried forward and utilized against future
expected profits. 

   

 

 
       53   
       
     

   

 Income taxes are provided for using the assets and liabilities
method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting
and tax bases of assets and liabilities. 

   

 Deferred Income Taxes  

   

 The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting
for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets
and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances
are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

   

 Unrecognized Tax Benefits  

   

 The Company recognizes tax positions in the financial statements
only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based
on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is measured at the largest amount of benefit that
will more likely than not be realized on settlement. A liability is established for differences between positions taken in a tax
return and amounts recognized in the financial statements. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2018.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were
accrued for interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as of December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. The Company
is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since Inception. 

   

 For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recorded
income tax expense of $2,112,834, primarily related to dividend income earned on the Trust Account. 

   

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

   

 In November 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash (“ASU 2016-18”), which requires companies
to include cash and cash equivalents that have restrictions on withdrawal or use in total cash and cash equivalents on the statement
of cash flows. The Company adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2019. Prior periods were retrospectively adjusted to conform
to the current period presentation. The adoption of the guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s Statement
of Cash Flows. 

   

 Note 3—Public Offering  

   

 In the Public Offering, the Company sold 69,000,000 units at
an offering price of $10.00 per unit (the “Units”). The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,533,333 Private Placement
Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of
the Public Offering. 

   

 Each Unit consists of one share of the Company’s
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant exercisable
for one share of Class A common stock (each, a “Warrant” and, collectively, the “Warrants”). One
Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share.
No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants and only whole Warrants will trade. Each Warrant will
become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination and 12 months
from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the
completion of the Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the Warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants in whole and not in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a
minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, if and only if the last reported sale price of the
Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day
period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sent the notice of redemption to the Warrant
holders. 

   

 

 
       54   
       
     

   

 The Company paid an underwriting commission of 2.0% of the gross
proceeds of the Public Offering, or $13,800,000, to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering, with an additional
fee (the “Deferred Discount”) of 3.5% of the gross proceeds (or $24,150,000) payable upon the Company’s completion
of the Initial Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the
Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes the Initial Business Combination. The Deferred Discount has been recorded
as a deferred liability on the balance sheet at December 31, 2019 as management has deemed the consummation of an Initial Business
Combination to be probable. 

   

 Note 4—Related Party Transactions  

   

 Founder Shares  

   

 In May 2016, the GSAM Member purchased 2,875,000 shares of Class B
common stock (the “Founder Shares”) for an aggregate price of $25,000, or approximately $0.0087 per share. On May 17,
2018, the Company conducted a 1:6 stock split, resulting in the Sponsor holding 17,250,000 Founder Shares. The financial statements
reflect the changes of the split retroactively for all periods prior to May 17, 2018. In May 2018, the Sponsor transferred
35,000 Founder Shares to each of the Company’s independent director nominees at their original purchase price. As used herein,
unless the context otherwise requires, Founder Shares shall be deemed to include the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon conversion thereof. The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the Public
Offering, except that only holders of the Founder Shares have the right to vote on the election of the Company’s directors
prior to the Initial Business Combination; the Founder Shares automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at
the time of the Initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below,
and the holders of the Founder Shares, as described in more detail below, have agreed to certain restrictions and will have certain
registration rights with respect thereto. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common
stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, at any time. None of the
Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor since the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units was fully
exercised. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the Founder Shares would represent
20% of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of the Public Offering. 

   

 The Company’s initial stockholders, officers and directors
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any Founder Shares held by them until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after
the completion of the Initial Business Combination, (ii) the last sale price of Class A common stock equals or exceeds
$18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, or (iii) the
date following the completion of the Initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

   

 The Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 10,533,333 private
placement warrants at a price of $1.50 per whole warrant (approximately $15,800,000 in the aggregate) in the Private Placement
that closed concurrently with the closing of the Public Offering (the “Private Placement Warrants”). Each Private Placement
Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. Proceeds from the Private
Placement were added to the proceeds from the Public Offering deposited in the Trust Account such that at the closing of the Public
Offering, $690.0 million was held in the Trust Account. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed within 24 months
from the closing of the Public Offering, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account
will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long
as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 




   

 

 
       55   
       
     

   

 The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors have
agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days
after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. 

   

 Registration Rights  

   

 The holders of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants
are, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, will be, entitled to registration
rights to require the Company to register the resale of any of its securities held by them (in the case of the Founder Shares,
only after conversion of such shares to shares of Class A common stock) as stated in the registration rights agreement signed
on the date of the prospectus for the Public Offering. These holders are also entitled to certain piggyback registration rights.
However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the
Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. The
Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

   

 Related Party Sponsor Note  

   

 On April 9, 2018, the GSAM Member agreed to loan the Company
an aggregate amount of up to $300,000 to be used to pay a portion of the expenses related to the Public Offering pursuant to a
promissory note (the “Note”). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on the earlier of December 31,
2018 and the closing of the Public Offering. On April 9, 2018, the Company borrowed $300,000 under the Note. On June 12,
2018, the full $300,000 balance of the Note was repaid to the Sponsor. 

   

 Sponsor Commitment 

   

 On March 11, 2019, the GSAM Member provided the Company with
a commitment pursuant to which the GSAM Member agreed that, if funds are needed by the Company through June 12, 2020 to pay ordinary
course expenses, the GSAM Member will provide the Company with liquidity of up to an aggregate of $2.0 million. The GSAM Member
will not receive any additional interest in the Company in exchange for any such contribution and any liquidity provided under
the commitment will be in the form of a contribution with respect to the Sponsor’s Founder Shares. As of September 30, 2019,
the Company has received all of the $2.0 million from the GSAM Member pursuant to this commitment. 

   

 Administrative Support Agreement  

   

 The Company has entered into an agreement to pay an affiliate
of the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, administrative and support services. Upon the earlier
of the completion of the Initial Business Combination and the Company’s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these
monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company incurred expenses of $120,000 under this agreement. 

   

 Note 5—Stockholders’ Equity  

   

 Common Stock  

   

 The authorized common stock of the Company includes up to 500,000,000
shares of Class A common stock and 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock. If the Company enters into an Initial Business
Combination, it may (depending on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase the number of shares
of Class A common stock which the Company is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company’s stockholders vote
on the Initial Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with the Initial Business
Combination. Holders of the Company’s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock; provided that
only holders of the Founder Shares have the right to vote on the election of the Company’s directors prior to the Initial
Business Combination. At December 31, 2019, there were 69,000,000 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding,
of which 65,673,521 shares were subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity at the balance sheet,
and 17,250,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. As part of the Public Offering, the Company issued 23,000,000
warrants. The Company has determined that the warrants are accounted for separately from shares of Class A common stock. 




   

 

 
       56   
       
     

   

 Preferred Stock  

   

 The Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s
board of directors. At December 31, 2019, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

   

 Note 6—Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)
 

   

 Following are the Company’s unaudited quarterly statements
of operations for 2019, 2018 and 2017. The Company has prepared the quarterly data on a consistent basis with the audited financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report and, in the opinion of management, the financial information reflects all necessary
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for
these periods. This information should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this Annual Report. These quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of the Company’s operating
results for any future period. 

   

 
 
     2019   
     1st 
 Quarter     
     2nd 
 Quarter     
     3rd 
 Quarter     
     4th 
Quarter   
 
     General and administrative expenses   
       448,988     
       433,713     
       850,575     
       6,009,726   
 
     Net income (loss)   
       2,694,579     
       2,747,555     
       2,123,979     
       (3,176,317 ) 
 
     Basic and diluted earnings (loss) available to Class A common stock   
       0.03     
       0.03     
       0.02     
       (0.04 ) 
 
     Basic and diluted earnings (loss) available to Class B common stock   
       0.03     
       0.03     
       0.02     
       (0.04 ) 
 




   

 
 
     2018   
     1st 
 Quarter     
     2nd 
 Quarter     
     3rd  
Quarter     
     4th 
 Quarter   
 
     General and administrative expenses   
     $ 788     
     $ 122,900     
     $ 252,407     
     $ 660,801   
 
     Net income (loss)   
     $ (596 )   
     $ 386,382     
     $ 2,296,093     
     $ 2,348,869   
 
     Basic and diluted earnings (loss) available to Class A common stock   
     $ —     
     $ 0.00     
     $ 0.03     
     $ 0.03   
 
     Basic and diluted earnings (loss) available to Class B common stock   
     $ (0.00 )   
     $ (0.00 )   
     $ 0.03     
     $ 0.03   
 



   

 
 
     2017   
     1st 
 Quarter     
     2nd 
 Quarter     
     3rd 
 Quarter     
     4th 
 Quarter   
 
     General and administrative expenses   
     $                 —     
     $           —     
     $           —     
     $ 1,276   
 
     Net income (loss)   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ (1,276 ) 
 
     Basic and diluted earnings (loss) available to Class A common stock   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Basic and diluted earnings (loss) available to Class B common stock   
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ —     
     $ (0.00 ) 
 


   

 Note 7— Subsequent Events  

   

 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through March
11, 2020, which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.  

   


 On
February 7, 2020 (the “ Closing Date ”), the Company consummated its previously announced business
combination pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 10, 2019 (the “ Merger
Agreement ”), by and among the Company, Vertiv Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ Vertiv
Holdings ”), VPE Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “ Vertiv Stockholder ”),
Crew Merger Sub I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
(“ First  Merger Sub”), and Crew Merger Sub II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a
direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“ Second Merger Sub ”). As contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, (1) First Merger Sub merged with and into Vertiv Holdings, with Vertiv Holdings continuing as the surviving
entity (the  “First Merger” ) and (2) immediately following the First Merger and as part of the
same overall transaction as the First Merger, Vertiv  Holdings merged with and into Second
Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity and renamed “Vertiv Holdings, LLC” (the
 “ Second Merger ” and, collectively with the First Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, the “ Business Combination ”). 

   

 

 
       57   
       
     

   

 In connection with the Business Combination, the Company changed
its name to Vertiv Holdings Co and changed the trading symbols for its units,  each unit representing
one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant to acquire one share of Class A common
stock, that were issued in the IPO (less the number of units that have been separated into the underlying shares of Class A common
stock and underlying warrants upon the request of the holder thereof) , Class A common stock and public warrants on the NYSE
from “GSAH.U,” “GSAH” and “GSAH WS,” and to “VERT.U,” “VRT” and “VRT
WS,” respectively. As a result of the Business Combination, Vertiv Holdings Co became the  owner,
directly or indirectly, of all of the assets of Vertiv and its subsidiaries, and the Vertiv Stockholder holds a portion of the
Company’s Class A common stock. 

   

 
 
     Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  
 
   

 None. 

   

 
 
     Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures.  
 
   

 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

   

 Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 As of December 31, 2019, our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control
over financial reporting established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“ COSO ”)
in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that we maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019. 

   

 Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

   

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting.
Pursuant to the JOBS Act, management's report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management's report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Section 103 of the JOBS Act provides that
an emerging growth company is not required to provide an auditor’s report on internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for as long as we qualify as an emerging growth company. We are an emerging growth company,
and therefore we are not required to include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our
internal control over financial reporting in this report. 

   

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 We regularly review our system of internal
control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while
ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more
efficient systems, consolidating activities and migrating processes. 

   

 There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 



   

 
 
     Item 9B. 
     Other Information.  
 
   

 None. 

   




 

 
       58   
       
     

   

 
   

 PART III.  

   

 
 
     Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance.  
 
   

 Below is a list of our executive officers
and directors and their respective ages and a brief account of the business experience of each of them. 

   

 
 
     
         Name 
       
     Age 
       
       
     
         Position 
 
     David M. Cote 
       
       
     67 
       
       
     Executive Chairman of the Board 
 
     Rob Johnson 
       
       
     53 
       
       
     Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
     Joseph van Dokkum 
       
       
     66 
       
       
     Director 
 
     Roger Fradin 
       
       
     66 
       
       
     Director 
 
     Jacob Kotzubei 
       
       
     51 
       
       
     Director 
 
     Matthew Louie 
       
       
     42 
       
       
     Director 
 
     Edward L. Monser 
       
       
     69 
       
       
     Director 
 
     Steven S. Reinemund 
       
       
     71 
       
       
     Director 
 
     Robin L. Washington 
       
       
     57 
       
       
     Director 
 
     David J. Fallon 
       
       
     50 
       
       
     Chief Financial Officer 
 
     Giordano Albertazzi 
       
       
     54 
       
       
     President of Europe, Middle East and Africa 
 
     Andrew Cole 
       
       
     55 
       
       
     Chief Organizational Development and Human Resources Officer 
 
     Colin Flannery 
       
       
     54 
       
       
     General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 
     Jason M. Forcier 
       
       
     48 
       
       
     Chief Operations Officer and Executive Vice President of Infrastructure and Solutions 
 
     Sheryl Haislet 
       
       
     54 
       
       
     Chief Information Officer 
 
     John Hewitt 
       
       
     50 
       
       
     President of the Americas 
 
     Patrick Johnson 
       
       
     49 
       
       
     Executive Vice President of Information Technology and Edge Infrastructure 
 
     Steve Lalla 
       
       
     57 
       
       
     Executive Vice President of Service and Software Solutions 
 
     Stephen Liang 
       
       
     61 
       
       
     President of Asia Pacific 
 
     Gary Niederpruem 
       
       
     45 
       
       
     Chief Strategy and Development Officer 
 
   

 The directors were nominated pursuant to
the director nomination rights set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. 

   

 Directors  

   

 David M. Cote.  Mr. Cote
has served as our Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors since February 7, 2020. From April 2018 until the Business Combination,
Mr. Cote served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of GSAH. Mr. Cote
served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Honeywell from July 2002 to March 2017. Most recently, Mr. Cote was Executive
Chairman of the Board at Honeywell until April 23, 2018. He joined Honeywell as President and Chief Executive Officer in February
2002. Prior to joining Honeywell, he served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of TRW Inc., a provider of products
and services for the aerospace, information systems and automotive markets, from August 2001 to February 2002. From February 2001
to July 2001, he served as TRW’s President and Chief Executive Officer and from November 1999 to January 2001 he served as
its President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Cote was Senior Vice President of General Electric Company and President and
Chief Executive Officer of GE Appliances from June 1996 to November 1999. Mr. Cote was a director of the Federal Reserve Bank
of New York from March 2014 to March 2018. He previously served as a director of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from July 2007 to
July 2013. Mr. Cote was selected to serve on our Board due to his significant leadership experience and his extensive management
and investment experience, including in the industrial sector. 

   

 

 
       59   
       
     

   

 Rob Johnson. 
Mr. Johnson has served as our Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors since February 7, 2020. From December
2016 until the Business Combination, Mr. Johnson served as the Chief Executive Officer of Vertiv and was Vertiv’s
first CEO. Prior to that he had been an operating partner at venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers
(“ Kleiner Perkins ”) from 2014 to 2016. From 2013 to 2014, Johnson worked in executive positions at
Consolidated Container Corporation. Prior to Consolidated Container Company, Mr. Johnson had a five year tenure, between
2008 and 2013, in executive positions at A123 Systems (formerly NASDAQ: AONE), a global manufacturer of lithium ion
batteries. On October 16, 2012, A123 Systems voluntarily filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code and, on January 29, 2013, A123 Systems completed the sale of substantially all of its assets and operations.
Mr. Johnson was the Chief Executive Officer of American Power Conversion (formerly NASDAQ: APCC)
(“ APC ”) from 2006 until 2007, where he managed the company’s sale to Schneider Electric (OTC: SBGSY)
for $6.1 billion in 2007. Prior to his CEO role at American Power Conversion, Mr. Johnson was a general manager at
APC with responsibility for power management, thermal management, IT infrastructure, along with software and controls. Before
his roles at APC, Mr. Johnson led Systems Enhancement Corporation, a company he founded to create innovative software
and hardware solutions for the data center industry. He sold that company to American Power Conversion in 1997.
Mr. Johnson earned a Bachelor of Science and honorary Ph.D. in Engineering Management from The Missouri University of
Science and Technology. He was elected into the Engineering Management Academy of Sciences. He served on several boards in
the past and is the co-author of “Executing Your Business Transformation,” a guide for companies navigating major
changes published in 2010. Rob Johnson is the brother of Patrick Johnson who serves as our Executive Vice President of
Information Technology and Edge Infrastructure. Mr. Johnson was selected to serve on our Board due to his knowledge of
the data center industry and his experience operating Vertiv for the past 3 years. 

   

 Joseph van Dokkum.  Mr. van
Dokkum has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Mr. van Dokkum is Chairman of Imperative Science Ventures,
a venture capital firm focused on science breakthroughs. From 2009 to 2019, he was an Operating Partner with Kleiner Perkins in
Menlo Park, CA, where he worked closely with his investment partners and the leadership of their start-up and growth portfolio
companies to accelerate commercialization and scale the businesses. Before that, Mr. van Dokkum served for seven years as
President of UTC Power, a division of United Technologies Corporation (NYSE: UTX), where he was instrumental in organically growing
UTC Power’s power generation products and service offerings, including fuel cells, renewable power solutions and combined
cooling, heating and power applications for the commercial building markets. Prior to UTC Power, Mr. van Dokkum was with Siemens
(OTC: SIEGY) for 17 years. For the last six of those years, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Siemens Power
Transmission & Distribution, Inc. During that time he augmented the company’s traditional power equipment, such
as switchgear, power breakers, transformers and regulators, with intelligent systems and controls. This effort returned profitability
to the business and enabled the expansion of the product portfolio through numerous acquisitions. Mr. van Dokkum serves on
the boards of Ionic Materials, Inc., Solidia Technologies, Inc., and TAS Energy, Inc. He earned his Bachelor’s and Master’s
Degrees in Electrical Engineering from the Institute of Technology, Albertus Magnus. Mr. van Dokkum was selected to serve
on our Board due to his extensive leadership experience and industry knowledge. 

   

 Roger Fradin.  Mr. Fradin
has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. From June 2018 until the Business Combination, Mr. Fradin served
as one of GSAH’s directors. Mr. Fradin joined Honeywell in 2000 when Honeywell acquired Pittway Corporation. Mr. Fradin
served as president and chief executive officer of Honeywell’s Automation and Control Solutions business from January 2004
to April 2014. Mr. Fradin served as vice chairman of Honeywell from April 2014 until his retirement in February 2017. Mr. Fradin
is also a consultant for The Carlyle Group and an advisor to Seal Rock Partners. Mr. Fradin received his M.B.A. and B.S. degrees
from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, where he has also served as a member of the faculty. Mr. Fradin
is currently a director of L3Harris Technologies Inc. (NYSE: LHX), Resideo Technologies Inc (NYSE: REZI) and Juniper Industrial
Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: JIH.U) (“ JIH ”), and was formerly a director of MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. (Nasdaq:
MSM) and Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE: PBI). Mr. Fradin was selected to serve on our Board due to his deep industrial expertise,
specifically in the automation and control solutions sectors, as well as for his experience overseeing acquisitions. 

   

 Jacob Kotzubei.  Mr. Kotzubei
has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Mr. Kotzubei joined Platinum Equity, a private equity firm,
in 2002 and is a Partner at the firm. Mr. Kotzubei serves as a director or manager of a number of Platinum
Equity’s portfolio companies. Prior to joining Platinum Equity in 2002, Mr. Kotzubei worked for 4.5 years for
Goldman Sachs’ Investment Banking Division in New York City. Previously, he was an attorney at Sullivan &
Cromwell LLP in New York City, specializing in mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Kotzubei serves on the board of directors
of Key Energy Services, Inc. (NYSE: KEG), KEMET Corporation (NYSE: KEM), Ryerson Holding Corporation (NYSE: RYI) and Verra
Mobility Corporation (NASDAQ: VRRM). On November 12, 2019, KEMET Corporation announced that it had entered into a
definitive agreement to be acquired by Yageo Corporation, a Taiwan-based company, in an all-cash transaction.
Mr. Kotzubei received a Bachelor’s degree from Wesleyan University and holds a Juris Doctor from Columbia
University School of Law, where he was elected a member of the Columbia Law Review. Mr. Kotzubei was selected to serve
on our Board due to his experience in executive management oversight, private equity, capital markets, mergers and
acquisitions and other transactional matters. 

   

 

 
       60   
       
     

   

 Matthew Louie.  Mr. Louie
has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Mr. Louie joined Platinum Equity in 2008 and is a Principal at
the firm. Mr. Louie serves on the board of certain Platinum Equity’s portfolio companies. Prior to joining Platinum
Equity, Mr. Louie was an investment professional at American Capital Strategies, a middle-market focused private equity firm.
Prior to American Capital, Mr. Louie worked in venture capital and growth equity at both Canaan Partners and Agilent Technologies,
and in investment banking at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. Mr. Louie holds undergraduate degrees in both Economics
as well as Political Science from Stanford University. He also holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration from Harvard
Business School. Mr. Louie was selected to serve on our Board due to his experience related to private equity, capital markets,
transactional matters and post-acquisition oversight of operational performance at portfolio companies. 

   

 Edward L. Monser.  Mr. Monser
has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Mr. Monser serves on the board of directors for Air Products &
Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE: APD), where he is chairman of the Management Development and Compensation Committee, and Canadian Pacific
Railway Limited (TSX: CP) (NYSE: CP), where he is on the Audit and Compensation Committees. From 2010 to 2018, Mr. Monser
served as president of Emerson (NYSE: EMR), where he had more than 30 years of experience in senior operational positions and played
a key role in its globalization. From 2001 to 2015, he was a member of Emerson’s Office of the Chief Executive and served
as its Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Monser is active in promoting international understanding and trade and is vice chairman
of the U.S.-India Strategic Partnership Forum. He has served on the advisory Economic Development Board for China’s Guangdong
Province, the board of advisors for South Ural State University in Chelyabinsk, Russia and the board of the U.S.-China Business
Council, where he was also vice chairman. Mr. Monser received a Bachelor’s Degree in electrical engineering from Illinois
Institute of Technology in 1980 and has a Bachelor’s Degree in education from Eastern Michigan University. He is an alumnus
of the executive education program at the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Monser was selected to serve
on our Board due to his extensive experience in key management positions, including at Emerson when Vertiv was part of that company. 

   

 Steven S. Reinemund.  Mr. Reinemund
has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. From June 2018 until the Business Combination, Mr. Reinemund served
as one of GSAH’s directors. Mr. Reinemund served as Dean of Business at Wake Forest University from July 2008 to June
2014, an organization he joined after a 23-year career with PepsiCo, Inc. (NASDAQ: PEP) (“ PepsiCo ”). At PepsiCo,
Mr. Reinemund served as Executive Chairman from October 2006 to May 2007, and as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from
May 2001 to October 2006. Prior to being Chief Executive Officer, he was PepsiCo, Inc.’s president and chief operating officer
from September 1999 to May 2001. Mr. Reinemund began his career with PepsiCo, Inc. in 1984 at Pizza Hut, Inc. and held other
positions until he became president and Chief Executive Officer of Frito-Lay’s North American snack division in 1992. He
became chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Frito-Lay’s worldwide operations in 1996. Mr. Reinemund was a director
of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) from 2003 to 2008 and of American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) from 2007 to 2015. Mr. Reinemund
currently serves as a director of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM), Marriott International, Inc. (Nasdaq: MAR), Walmart Inc.
(NYSE: WMT) and Chick-fil-A, Inc. He also serves on the Board of Directors at USNA Foundation. A graduate of the United States
Naval Academy in 1970, Mr. Reinemund served five years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps, achieving the rank
of Captain. He received an MBA from the University of Virginia, and has been awarded honorary doctorate degrees by Johnson and
Wales University and Bryant University. Mr. Reinemund was selected to serve on our Board due to his considerable business
leadership roles, mergers and acquisitions experience and his relevant board expertise. 

   

 

 
       61   
       
     

   

 Robin L. Washington. 
Ms. Washington has served as one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Ms. Washington is the former Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: GILD), a biopharmaceutical company. She held
this role from May 2008 until November 1, 2019, the effective date of her retirement as Chief Financial Officer, and
remains an advisor to the company until March 1, 2020. From 2006 to 2007, Ms. Washington served as Chief Financial
Officer of Hyperion Solutions, an enterprise software company that was acquired by Oracle Corporation in March 2007. Prior to
that, she spent nearly 10 years at PeopleSoft, Inc., a provider of enterprise application software, where she served in a
number of executive positions, most recently in the role of Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller. Since April 2019,
Ms. Washington has served on the board and on the leadership development and compensation committee of Alphabet Inc.
(NASDAQ: GOOG), a multinational technology company. Ms. Washington also currently serves as a director of Honeywell
International, Inc. (NYSE: HON), a diversified technology and manufacturing company, where she has served since April 2013,
and as director of Salesforce.com (NYSE: CRM), a global leader in customer relationship management technology, where she has
served since September 2013, where she currently chairs the audit committee. Ms. Washington also serves on the Board of
Visitors, Graziadio School of Business and Management, Pepperdine University, the Presidents Council & Ross Business
School Advisory Board, University of Michigan and the UCSF Benioff Children’s Hospital Oakland Board of Directors. She
is a Certified Public Accountant, and received a B.A. in Business Administration from the University of Michigan and an
M.B.A. from Pepperdine University. Ms. Washington was selected to serve on our Board due to her extensive experience in
management, operations and accounting in the technology sector, along with her financial expertise. 

   

 Executive Officers  

   

 David M. Cote.  Mr. Cote
has served as our Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors since February 7, 2020. Biographical information for Mr. Cote
is set forth under “ —Directors ” above. 

   

 Rob Johnson.  Mr. Johnson
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors since February 7, 2020. Biographical information for Mr. Johnson
is set forth under “ —Directors ”above. 

   

 David J. Fallon.  Mr. Fallon
has served as our Chief Financial Officer since February 7, 2020. From July 2017 until the Business Combination, Mr. Fallon
served as the Chief Financial Officer of Vertiv and has more than 25 years of experience in financial management with global companies.
Prior to joining Vertiv, from 2010 to 2017, Mr. Fallon served as Chief Financial Officer at CLARCOR, Inc. (formerly NYSE:
CLC), which was a $1.4 billion filtration company with operations in North America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia. From
2009 to 2010, he served as Vice President of Finance for CLARCOR, Inc. CLARCOR, Inc. was purchased by Parker-Hannifin in February
2017. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Fallon served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance for Noble International
(formerly NASDAQ: NOBL), which was a $1.1 billion auto supplier with global manufacturing operations. Prior to joining Noble
International, he served as Treasury Manager at Textron Automotive from 2000 to 2002, a financial analyst at DaimlerChrysler from
1997 to 2000 and as a senior accountant at Deloitte & Touche from 1991 to 1995. Mr. Fallon earned a Masters of Business
Administration Degree from the Wharton School of Business and a Bachelor’s of Science Degree in Business Administration from
the University of Dayton. He is certified as a Chartered Financial Analyst® and a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). 

   

 Giordano Albertazzi.  Mr. Albertazzi
has served as our President of Europe, Middle East and Africa since February 7, 2020. From 2016 until the Business Combination,
Mr. Albertazzi served as the President of Vertiv in Europe, Middle East and Africa and was responsible for Vertiv’s
operations and business development within the region. Mr. Albertazzi began his career at Kone Elevators, where he progressed
through operations and product development leadership. He then joined Emerson Network Power in 1998 and held positions with increasing
responsibility, including Plant Manager from 1999 to 2001, EMEA Marketing and Product Management Director from 2002 to 2004, and
Managing Director for the Italian market unit from 2004 to 2006. In 2006, he was promoted to Vice President Services for the Liebert
Europe business. In 2011, Mr. Albertazzi was appointed Vice President Services for the broader Europe, Middle East and Africa
region, and in 2014 became Vice President Sales. Mr. Albertazzi holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering
from the Polytechnic University of Milan as well as a Master’s Degree in Management from Stanford University. 

   

 

 
       62   
       
     

   

 Andrew Cole.  Mr. Cole
has served as our Chief Organizational Development and Human Resources Officer since February 7, 2020. From January 2017
until the Business Combination, Mr. Cole served as the Chief Organizational Development and Human Resources Officer of
Vertiv and was responsible for Vertiv’s strategic direction for organizational design, change management and talent
acquisition. His role included leading Vertiv employees through the transition from publicly traded Emerson to privately held
Vertiv. Mr. Cole also has responsibility for Global Business Services (GBS) and the continued efficiency gains across
Vertiv’s back office operations. Over the last two decades, Mr. Cole has helped several dynamic, high-growth
global market leaders succeed. During his career, he has been responsible for the oversight of organizational development and
transformation programs across the globe, corporate talent strategy, leadership development and change management for teams
of up to 20,000 employees. Prior to Vertiv, from 2016 to 2017, Mr. Cole was the chief human resources and organizational
development officer at Lumeris. From 2013 to 2015, he worked at Goldstine Management Group. Mr. Cole has also worked at
high-tech companies such as A123 Systems, Schneider Electric and APC. On October 16, 2012, A123 Systems voluntarily
filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and, on January 29, 2013, A123 Systems completed the
sale of substantially all of its assets and operations. Mr. Cole holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Religious Studies
and a Master of Science in Management Degree from Regis University. 

   

 Colin Flannery.  Mr. Flannery
has served as our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since February 7, 2020. From June 2017 until the Business Combination,
Mr. Flannery served as the General Counsel of Vertiv. Prior to joining Vertiv, from 2007 to 2017, Mr. Flannery was the
General Counsel of Sensus, a multinational Smart Grid Technology corporation, and helped steer the successful sale of that company
to Xylem (NYSE: XYL) for $1.7B in October 2016. From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Flannery was the Vice President—Legal of Atos
Origin, a multinational IT Services corporation. He was based in Paris and responsible for the company’s legal function in
North and South America, the UK and Asia. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Flannery worked in the legal department of Schlumberger (NYSE:
SLB) in Atlanta as the Legal Counsel for its North American metering division. In 2000, he was promoted to be Schlumberger’s
General Counsel—South America, based in Brazil, where he was responsible for the legal function of all Schlumberger’s
operations in South America. In 2002, he was again promoted within Schlumberger to be responsible for the legal function for Schlumberger’s
operations in North and South America. Mr. Flannery began his career as a corporate lawyer with Allens Linklaters (f/k/a Feez
Ruthning) in Brisbane, Australia in 1988. After obtaining his Juris Doctor from Georgia State University in 1995, he began working
for Troutman Sanders in Atlanta, Georgia until 1997. Mr. Flannery holds Anglo-Australian and US law degrees. 

   

 Jason M. Forcier.  Mr. Forcier
has served as our Chief Operations Officer and Executive Vice President of Infrastructure and Solutions since February 7, 2020.
From May 2019 until the Business Combination, Mr. Forcier served as the Chief Operations Officer of Vertiv and, prior to that
role, as Executive Vice President of Infrastructure and Solutions of Vertiv since October 2017, where he has global responsibility
for manufacturing, operations, supply chain and quality, as well as leading the large infrastructure and solutions lines of business.
Prior to joining Vertiv, Mr. Forcier spent eight years at A123 Systems, a global manufacturer of lithium ion batteries, where
he was the Chief Executive Officer from 2013 until 2017 and member of the board of management. Mr. Forcier joined and established
the automotive business of A123 Systems in 2009 and was a member of the executive management team that led the company through
its initial public offering on the NASDAQ. On October 16, 2012, A123 Systems voluntarily filed for bankruptcy protection under
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and, on January 29, 2013, A123 Systems completed the sale of substantially all
of its assets and operations. Prior to joining A123 Systems, Mr. Forcier served as Vice President and General Manager of the
global electronics business of Lear Corporation (NYSE: LEA) and as the North American President, Automotive Electronics Division
of Robert Bosch LLC. Over the course of his 12-year career with Bosch, he was also a co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of
ETAS, Inc., a Bosch Subsidiary. Mr. Forcier earned a Bachelor’s Degree in mechanical engineering from GMI Engineering &
Management Institute (now Kettering University) and a Master’s Degree in business administration from the University of Michigan. 

   

 Sheryl Haislet.  Ms. Haislet
has served as our Chief Information Officer since February 24, 2020. Prior to joining Vertiv, from October 2015 to September 2019,
Ms. Haislet was the Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Information Technology and Digital Office at Adient plc., a
$17 billion global automotive seating manufacturer. She also served on Adient’s audit committee. Prior to joining Adient,
Ms. Haislet spent twenty-five years with Johnson Controls Inc., a $42 billion diversified technology corporation. At Johnson Controls,
Ms. Haislet held a variety of positions of increasing seniority, culminating in her being appointed Chief Information Officer and
Vice President of Information Technology, Power Solutions, in October 2014. Ms. Haislet holds an Executive Masters of Business
Administration from the Quantic School of Business and Technology, a Graduate Certificate in SAP from Central Michigan University,
a Masters in Computer Information Systems from Grand Valley State University and a Bachelor in Arts from the University of Michigan. 

   

 

 
       63   
       
     

   




 John Hewitt.  Mr. Hewitt
has served as our President of the Americas since February 7, 2020. From October 2017 until the Business Combination, Mr. Hewitt
served as President of the Americas of Vertiv, with responsibility for business development and operations in the United States,
Central and Latin America and Canada. Mr. Hewitt is a global business executive with more than 25 years of experience leading
both high-growth and turnaround businesses through multiple market cycles in the technology and industrial markets. Prior to joining
Vertiv, Mr. Hewitt held a variety of global P&L, strategy, business development and financial leadership roles in the
United States, EMEA, South America and Asia. In 2017, he served as Vice President and Managing Director at Aptiv PLC (NYSE: APTV),
a global technology and mobility company primarily serving the automotive sector. From 2014 to 2016, he served as Senior Vice President
and General Manager at TE Connectivity Ltd. (NYSE: TEL), a global industrial technology provider of connectivity and sensor solutions.
Mr. Hewitt earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Finance and Accounting from Oklahoma State University and an MBA in International
Business from the Thunderbird School of Global Management. 

   

 Patrick Johnson.  Mr. Johnson
has served as our Executive Vice President of Information Technology and Edge Infrastructure (“ ITEI ”) since
February 7, 2020. From November 2017 until the Business Combination, Mr. Johnson served as Vertiv’s Executive Vice President
of the ITEI. Mr. Johnson started his career with Systems Enhancement Corporation, which was sold to APC in 1997. Mr. Johnson
stayed on with APC for 10 years until it was acquired by Schneider Electric in 2007. From 2010 to 2016, Mr. Johnson was Vice
President of Rack Systems at Schneider Electric and was then promoted to Senior Vice President of Datacenter Systems, having responsibility
for the product lines of Racks, Rack PDUs, Thermal and Software. In late 2016, Mr. Johnson joined Artesyn Embedded Technologies,
where he served as Senior Vice President of Strategic Initiatives. Mr. Johnson earned a Bachelor of Science in Engineering
Management from The Missouri University of Science and Technology. Patrick Johnson is the brother of Rob Johnson who serves as
our Chief Executive Officer. 

   

 Steve Lalla.  Mr. Lalla
has served as our Executive Vice President of Service and Software Solutions since February 7, 2020. From June 2018 until the Business
Combination, Mr. Lalla served as Executive Vice President, Service and Software Solutions of Vertiv, overseeing a global portfolio
that includes services and software solutions for power, thermal and industrial products. Mr. Lalla has more than 30 years
of experience in the technology industry running businesses that delivered hardware platforms, software and service solutions,
as well as data center transformation. Prior to joining Vertiv, from 2013 to 2017, Mr. Lalla was Senior Vice President of
the Cloud Client Computing and Data Security business of Dell Corporation (NYSE: DELL). Mr. Lalla grew these businesses through
organic investments and strategic acquisitions, resulting in industry leading PC security solutions and virtual desktop solutions
for hyper converged data centers. Mr. Lalla began his career at Dell in 2009 as Vice President for the Commercial PC business.
Prior to joining Dell, Mr. Lalla led Mass Market Products for Motorola’s (NYSE: MSI) Mobile Devices division from 2002
to 2009. Mr. Lalla holds a Master’s Degree in Business Administration from the Kellstadt Graduate School of Business
at DePaul University and a Bachelor’s Degree in economics from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 

   

 Stephen Liang.  Mr. Liang
has served as our President of Asia Pacific since February 7, 2020. Mr. Liang previously served as the President of Vertiv
in Asia Pacific where he was responsible for Vertiv’s operations and business development in the Asia Pacific region. Mr. Liang
began working at Emerson in 1994, when he worked in Astec, a business specializing in power supply solutions for the computing
and communications industries. At the beginning, he served as Vice President of Manufacturing Operations in the Philippines and
was then promoted to Executive Vice President of Asian Operations in 1998. He then was promoted to President of Emerson Network
Power China in 2001, leading the merging of four organizations and migrating R&D and production facilities. In 2009, Mr. Liang
became President, Emerson Network Power Asia Pacific, responsible for all of Network Power’s Asia Pacific businesses including
China, India and Australia. In 2014, as Group Vice President, Mr. Liang also managed the global telecom business. Mr. Liang
holds a Bachelor’s Degree and a Master’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 

   

 Gary Niederpruem.  Mr. Niederpruem
has served as our Chief Strategy and Development Officer since February 7, 2020. From 2018 until the Business Combination,
Mr. Niederpruem served as the Chief Strategy and Development Officer of Vertiv and was responsible for leading the
marketing, strategy and M&A functions. Mr. Niederpruem has more than 20 years of experience in analyzing market
trends, engaging customers and setting corporate-wide and business unit offering strategies to align with the market. He has
driven strategy and growth initiatives through both organic and inorganic activities. Prior to joining Vertiv,
Mr. Niederpruem held a variety of P&L and product management leadership roles at Emerson and Danaher. From 2011 to
2014, Mr. Niederpruem was the General Manager of the Integrated Modular Solutions business and Vice President of Product
Management of Emerson (NYSE: EMR). In 2014, he was named Vice President of Global Marketing for Emerson Network Power and, in
mid-2016, he assumed oversight for the strategy function serving as Executive Vice President, Marketing, Strategy and
Development. Mr. Niederpruem attended John Carroll University where he received a Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing
and Logistics. He also has a Master’s Degree in Business from the University of Notre Dame. 

   

 

 
       64   
       
     

   

 Committees of the Board of Directors 

   

 Our Board has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each
of our audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee are composed solely of independent
directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our Board and has the composition and responsibilities
described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

   

 Audit Committee 

   

 The members of
our audit committee are Steven S. Reinemund, Robin L. Washington and Edward L. Monser. Mr. Reinemund serves as the chairman
of the audit committee. 

   

 Each member of
the audit committee is financially literate and our Board has determined that Mr. Steven S. Reinemund qualifies as an
 “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management
expertise. 

   

 We have adopted
an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     • 
     setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations disclosure; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 
 
   




 

 
       65   
       
     

   

 
 
       
     • 
     reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 
   

 Compensation Committee 

   

 The members of
our compensation committee are Roger Fradin, Joseph van Dokkum and Steven S. Reinemund. Mr. Fradin serves as the chairman
of the compensation committee. 

   

 We have adopted
a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     reviewing and making recommendations to our Board with respect to the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 
   

 The charter also
provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any
other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by
the NYSE and the SEC. 

   

 Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee 

   

 The members of
our nominating and corporate governance committee are Joseph van Dokkum, Roger Fradin and Edward L. Monser. Mr. van Dokkum
serves as the chairman of the Nominating Committee. 

   

 We have adopted
a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate
governance committee, including: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to our Board candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on our Board; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     developing and recommending to our Board and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of our Board, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 
 



   

 

 
       66   
       
     

   

 The charter also
provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and
terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm’s
fees and other retention terms. 

   

 We have not formally
established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general,
in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our Board considers educational background, diversity of professional experience,
knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests
of our stockholders. 

   

 Code of Ethics 

   

 We have adopted
a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and other employees, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics
is available on our website, www.vertiv.com. We intend to make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers
of, provisions of our code of ethics on our website. 

   

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance 

   

 Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our Class A common
stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the
year ended December 31, 2019 there were no delinquent filers. 

   

 
 
     Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation.  
 
   

 This section describes executive compensation
of Vertiv’s directors and named executive officers. None of GSAH’s directors or sole executive officer received any
cash compensation for services rendered to GSAH for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 

   

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

   

 Vertiv’s “named executive officers”
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 consisted of the following individuals: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     Robert Johnson,  Chief Executive Officer 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     David Fallon,  Chief Financial Officer 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     Stephen Liang,  President, Asia-Pacific 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     Jason Forcier,  Chief Operations Officer and Executive Vice President of Infrastructure & Solutions 
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     John Hewitt,  President of Americas 
 
   

 2019 Compensation Overview and Objectives  

   

 Compensation during 2019 was established
primarily with the goals of attracting and retaining talented individuals, as well as motivating executives to achieve the greatest
possible returns. Vertiv believes that the fixed aspects of its compensation program—including base salary and benefits—enable
it to compensate executives at competitive levels, while annual incentive programs allow Vertiv to pay bonuses based on performance
and the achievement of corporate financial goals. Finally, Vertiv’s 2017 Transaction Exit Bonus Plan, as described below,
is designed to promote executive retention and directly link the amount of compensation paid to executive officers to value growth. 

   

 The compensation reported in this
compensation discussion and analysis is not necessarily indicative of how we expect to compensate our named executive
officers following the consummation of the Business Combination. In connection with the Business Combination, we adopted the
Incentive Plan a copy of which is included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and we expect to further review,
evaluate and modify our compensation framework, which may result in future compensation programs that vary significantly from
Vertiv’s historical practices. 

   

 

 
       67   
       
     

   

 Determination of Compensation  

   

 During 2019, Vertiv’s board of managers
(the “ Vertiv Board ”) was comprised of individuals appointed by our then controlling member, an entity controlled
by private investment funds sponsored by affiliates of  Platinum Equity Advisors, LLC (“ Platinum
Advisors ”). Certain other subsidiaries of Vertiv also included managers, directors and/or officers that are employees
of Platinum Advisors. Platinum Advisors provided certain corporate advisory services to the Vertiv organization during 2019 pursuant
to the services agreement that is described in more detail below under “ Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence—Vertiv Related Party Transactions .” These services included providing advice in respect
of Vertiv’s compensation plans and policies. In connection with setting the compensation for the named executive officers
for 2019, Platinum Advisors provided a broad-based overview of current market compensation practices in the industry to the Vertiv
Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Vertiv organization, Mr. Johnson. This advice was based on Platinum Advisors’
prior experience and the compensation programs in place at other companies controlled by affiliates of Platinum Advisors. The Vertiv
Board (with respect to Mr. Johnson’s compensation) and Mr. Johnson (with respect to the compensation of the other
named executive officers) used this advice as a point of general comparison and did not receive or follow any specific recommendations
from Platinum Advisors in setting 2019 compensation. In this regard, in determining the levels and mix of compensation, the Vertiv
Board and Mr. Johnson have not generally relied on formulaic guidelines, but rather performed a comprehensive review of each
executive’s skills and capabilities and his potential contribution as a member of the executive team. The factors used to
determine each executive’s total compensation opportunity for 2019 included: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     the executive’s skills and capabilities as they relate to the execution of the executive’s role;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     the size and scope of the executive’s role, in particular the criticality of the position and the potential for value creation;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     the level and form of compensation that the Vertiv Board and Mr. Johnson determined to be necessary to attract and retain executive leadership familiar with transforming organizations, principally in Vertiv’s industry and at companies with similar size and scope; and  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     alignment of the executive’s individual financial outcomes with stockholder value creation.  
 
   

 During 2019, the Vertiv Board had no formal,
regularly scheduled meetings to set its compensation policy. Instead, the Vertiv Board and Mr. Johnson met as circumstances
required from time to time. 

   

 The protection of competitive and confidential
information and the retention of top talent are of the utmost importance to the Vertiv Board and Mr. Johnson. For this reason,
Vertiv’s employment agreements with the named executive officers contain confidentiality, non-compete and non-solicitation
provisions. In addition, Messrs. Johnson, Fallon, Forcier and Hewitt, who are each employed in the United States where employment
is generally at-will, have provisions in their employment agreements that provide for severance benefits following a qualifying
termination of employment, which is intended to alleviate concerns about job security that could affect performance and keep the
named executive officers focused on their day to day responsibilities. Estimates of the value of the benefits potentially payable
under these agreements, and certain statutory entitlements available to the named executive officers located outside of the United
States, that may be triggered upon a termination of employment or a change in control are set out below under the caption “ Potential
Payments upon Termination or Change in Control .” 

   

 Neither the Vertiv Board nor Vertiv
has made use of compensation consultants or advisors in determining the compensation of the named executive officers in the
past, including with respect to 2019 compensation decisions. However, Vertiv engaged Compensia, a national compensation
consulting firm, to review and advise on our compensation practices following the Business Combination. Compensia also
advised in base salary adjustments made for Mr. Liang, Mr. Forcier and Mr. Hewitt, as discussed below. Our
Board intends to use Compensia’s recommendations as one factor in determining the compensation of the named executive
officers following the Business Combination. For 2019, the Vertiv Board and Mr. Johnson generally relied on their
collective experience, together with the expertise of Platinum Advisors, as well as the Vertiv Board’s perception of
current market conditions and analysis of relevant market data, in setting compensation. 

   

 

 
       68   
       
     

   

 Components of Compensation for 2019  

   

 The compensation provided to the named executive
officers in 2019 consisted of the same elements generally available to Vertiv’s non-executive employees, including base salary,
annual incentives, retirement and other benefits. Additionally, certain of the named executive officers participated in medium-term
and long-term incentive programs, and received certain perquisites. Each of these elements is described in more detail below. 

   

 Base Salary  

   

 Vertiv generally established the initial
base salaries of the named executive officers through an arm’s-length negotiation at the time of hire, taking into account
the executive’s position, responsibilities, qualifications, experience and location, the market for the position and the
base salaries of other executive officers. The Vertiv Board generally viewed an appropriate level of base compensation at approximately
the median level of market positions. Thereafter, the Vertiv Board and Mr. Johnson (other than with respect to his own compensation)
reviewed the base salaries of the executive officers periodically and make adjustments to base salaries as they determine to be
necessary or appropriate. The Vertiv Board and Mr. Johnson acknowledge that base salary is one component of a total compensation
package that needs to be balanced appropriately for each named executive officer. The following table shows the base salaries in
effect as of January 1, 2019 for the named executive officers. 

   

 
 
     Executive   
     Annual Salary as of  January 2019   
 
     R. Johnson   
     $ 950,000   
 
     D. Fallon   
     $ 575,000   
 
     S. Liang   
     $ 557,004   
 
     J. Forcier   
     $ 400,000   
 
     J. Hewitt   
     $ 450,000   
 


   

 During 2019, the Vertiv Board approved the
following salary increases to Messrs. Liang, Forcier and Hewitt. The increases were based on previously budgeted merit increases
for Messrs. Liang and Hewitt and a promotion for Mr. Forcier from Executive Vice President Infrastructure & Solutions
to the Chief Operations Officer and VP Infrastructure & Solutions. 

   

 
 
     Executive   
     Annual Salary as of  December 31, 2018     
     Salary  Increase (%)     
     New  Annual Salary     
     New Salary  Effective Date 
 
     S. Liang   
     $ 557,004     
       6 %   
     $ 590,424     
     April 1, 2019 
 
     J. Forcier   
     $ 400,000     
       25 %   
     $ 500,000     
     June 1, 2019 
 
     J. Hewitt   
     $ 450,000     
       4 %   
     $ 468,000     
     June 24, 2019 
 


   

 Annual Incentive Plan Bonus Opportunities  

   

 During 2019, Vertiv established the 2019
Annual Incentive Plan (the “ AIP ”), pursuant to which certain individuals in senior management roles, including
the named executive officers, were eligible to receive a cash bonus for 2019 based on the achievement of designated financial performance
criteria. 

   

 Cash bonuses are payable pursuant to
the AIP, and no bonuses pursuant to the AIP were to be paid unless Vertiv achieved the threshold performance level set for
2019. The Vertiv Board and Mr. Johnson each generally viewed the use of annual cash bonuses as an effective means to
compensate the named executive officers for achieving annual financial goals. Vertiv believes that this alignment of
incentives and returns ensures that top leaders are focused on value creation in line with Vertiv’s financial success.
For 2019, the target bonus opportunities under the AIP for Messrs. Johnson, Forcier, Fallon and Hewitt were equal to a
specified percentage of each named executive officer’s base salary, established pursuant to their employment agreements
with Vertiv, as set forth below. Mr. Liang’s target bonus opportunity was equal to the dollar amount specified
below (see also the information under the heading “ Senior Executive Medium-Term Incentive and Retention
Agreement—Mr. Liang ”). 

   

 

 
       69   
       
     

   

 
 
     Named Executive Officer   
     2019 Target  Bonus  Opportunity  (as % of  Base Salary)     
     2019 Annual  Target  Bonus  Opportunity  ($)   
 
     R. Johnson   
       100 %   
     $ 950,000   
 
     D. Fallon   
       100 %   
     $ 575,000   
 
     S. Liang   
       N/A     
     $ 231,000   
 
     J. Forcier (Effective January 1, 2019)   
       60 %   
     $ 240,000   
 
     J. Forcier (Effective June 1, 2019)   
       80 %   
     $ 400,000   
 
     J. Hewitt   
       65 %   
     $ 292,500   
 


   

 Each participant was eligible to earn 30%
of his target AIP bonus upon threshold performance, 100% of his target AIP bonus upon target performance and 150% of his target
AIP bonus upon maximum performance. The target AIP bonus levels were set to reflect the executive’s relative responsibility
for the company’s performance and to appropriately allocate the total cash opportunity between base salary and incentive-based
compensation. 

   

 For 2019, it was determined that a combination
of certain performance measures, consisting of total company-wide EBITDAR, controllable cash, SG&A and sales growth. We define
these non-GAAP measures below. 

   

 
 
       
     • 
     “ EBITDAR ” is defined as earnings (loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), and depreciation and amortization (“ EBITDA ”), adjusted to exclude certain unusual or non-recurring items, certain non-cash items and other items that are not indicative of ongoing operations and further adjusted for constant currency.  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     “ Controllable cash ” is calculated as the reduction in past due accounts receivable aged 30 days or greater, measured from December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2019, adjusted for constant currency, plus reduction in GAAP Inventory, net, measured from December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2019, adjusted for constant currency, minus additions to property, plant, equipment, land and construction in process plus additions to capitalized software net of disposals, adjusted for constant currency, minus adjustments to EBITDA used to calculate adjusted EBITDA, adjusted for constant currency.  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     “ SG&A ” represents GAAP Selling, General and Administrative expenses, adjusted for constant currency.  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
     “ Sales growth ” represents year over year change in GAAP Net Sales, adjusted for constant currency.  
 
   

 These factors were chosen as the appropriate
performance measures to motivate Vertiv’s key executives, including the named executive officers, to both maximize earnings
and increase utilization of working capital. The 2019 AIP for Messrs. Johnson, Fallon, Liang, Forcier and Hewitt was structured
as shown in the table below. 

   

 
 
         
     2019 Annual Incentive Plan Weightings   
 
     Executive   
     Company-  wide  EBITDAR     
     Company-  wide  Controllable  Cash     
     Company-  wide  SG&A     
     Company-  wide  Sales  Growth   
 
     R. Johnson   
       50 %   
       20 %   
       20 %   
       10 % 
 
     D. Fallon   
       50 %   
       20 %   
       20 %   
       10 % 
 
     S. Liang   
       50 %   
       20 %   
       20 %   
       10 % 
 
     J. Forcier   
       50 %   
       20 %   
       20 %   
       10 % 
 
     J. Hewitt   
       50 %   
       20 %   
       20 %   
       10 % 
 



   

 

 
       70   
       
     

   

 The following table shows threshold, target,
maximum and actual levels of achievement for the metrics for all executives: 

   

 
 
     Metric   
     Weighting     
     Performance   
     Company-  wide  Targets   
 
     Sales Growth   
       10 %   
     Entry   
       4,299.0   
 
         
             
     Target   
       4,389.0   
 
         
             
     Max   
       4,479.0   
 
         
             
         
           
 
     EBITDAR   
       50 %   
     Entry   
       520.0   
 
         
             
     Target   
       560.1   
 
         
             
     Max   
       582.0   
 
         
             
         
           
 
     Controllable Cash   
       20 %   
     Entry   
       (110.8 ) 
 
         
             
     Target   
       (95.8 ) 
 
         
             
     Max   
       (80.9 ) 
 
         
             
         
           
 
     SG&A   
       20 %   
     Entry   
       (1,039.0 ) 
 
         
             
     Target   
       (1,029.4 ) 
 
         
             
     Max   
       (1,014.0 ) 
 

   

 In August of 2019, due to company performance
through August 2019, management recommended to the Vertiv Board that Vertiv make a prepayment to employees equivalent to 30% of
the target payout. Mr. Liang received a payment from the 2018 AIP, and therefore was not included in the early payment. The
Vertiv Board approved the payment, and as such, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Fallon, Mr. Forcier and Mr. Hewitt received
the following payment: 

   

 
 
     Executive   
     30% of  Target Payment,  Paid in  August 2019   
 
     R. Johnson   
     $ 285,000   
 
     D. Fallon   
     $ 172,500   
 
     J. Forcier   
     $ 110,071   
 
     J. Hewitt   
     $ 89,587   
 


   

 Based on Vertiv’s performance relative
to the above targets, NEOs were eligible to receive a payment for the 2019 AIP based on a weighted average payout equal to 115%
of their AIP target. The table below sets forth the total 2019 AIP payment for each NEO, which includes the 30% prepayment described
above. 

   

 

 
       71   
       
     

   

 
 
     Executive   
     2019 AIP  Payout   
 
     R. Johnson   
     $ 1,092,500   
 
     D. Fallon   
     $ 661,250   
 
     S. Liang   
     $ 281,780   
 
     J. Forcier   
     $ 383,123   
 
     J. Hewitt   
     $ 343,102   
 


   

 2019 Transformation Bonus Opportunities  

   

 Vertiv’s 2019 Transformation Bonus
Plan (the “ T-Bonus Plan ”) was a short-term cash bonus program developed to incentivize key leadership, including
each of the named executive officers, to focus efforts on transformational programs aimed at improving the operational and financial
performance of Vertiv as it worked towards becoming a publicly traded company. The T-Bonus Plan measured company performance against
predetermined financial metrics in a given year and provided a pool of payouts based on those achievements. Once the pool was funded,
the actual payout the named executive officer received was determined by the level of completion of their Objectives &
Key Results (“ OKRs ”), as determined by the CEO. Bonuses earned pursuant to the T-Bonus Plan were paid in one
payment in the first quarter following the year for which the financial performance is measured, subject to the participant’s
continued employment through the payment date and their OKR performance. 

   

 A baseline threshold for company achievement
ensured that a minimum level of success is achieved before the T-Bonus Plan is funded. Each executive’s T-Bonus target was
equivalent to 100% of their base salary. The T-Bonus Plan is funded at 30% upon achievement of threshold performance and at 100%
upon achievement of target performance, with straight-line interpolation between such metrics. The target T-Bonus Plan bonus levels
were set to reflect the relative responsibility for the company’s performance and to appropriately allocate the total cash
opportunity between base salary and incentive-based compensation pursuant to the T-Bonus Plan and the AIP. 

   

 The transformation metrics used to measure
performance in 2019 for purposes of the T-Bonus Plan were EBITDAR, Controllable Cash and SG&A. These factors were chosen as
the appropriate performance measures to motivate key executives, including the named executive officers, to maximize earnings. 

   

 
 
     Metric   
     Weighting     
     Performance   
     Company-  wide  Targets   
 
     EBITDAR   
       33.34 %   
     Entry   
       520.0   
 
         
             
     Target   
       560.1   
 
         
             
     Max   
       582.0   
 
     Controllable Cash   
       33.33 %   
     Entry   
       (110.8 ) 
 
         
             
     Target   
       (95.8 ) 
 
         
             
     Max   
       (80.9 ) 
 
     SG&A   
       33.33 %   
     Entry   
       (1,039.0 ) 
 
         
             
     Target   
       (1,029.4 ) 
 
         
             
     Max   
       (1,014.0 ) 
 

   

 Based on Vertiv’s performance relative
to the above targets, NEOs were eligible to receive a payment for the 2019 T-Bonus Plan based on a weighted average payout equal
to 128% of their T-Bonus target. The table below sets forth the 2019 T-Bonus payment for each eligible NEO. 

   

 

 
       72   
       
     

   

 
 
     Executive   
     2019 T-Bonus  Payout   
 
     R. Johnson   
     $ 1,216,000   
 
     D. Fallon   
     $ 736,000   
 
     S. Liang   
     $ 755,743   
 
     J. Forcier   
     $ 586,696   
 
     J. Hewitt   
     $ 587,520   
 


   

 Senior Executive Medium-Term Incentive and Retention Agreement—Mr. Liang
 

   

 Vertiv is a party to a 2017 Senior Executive
Medium-Term Incentive and Retention Agreement, as adopted effective January 1, 2017, with Mr. Liang (the “ Liang
Incentive Agreement ”), pursuant to which Mr. Liang is eligible to receive a cash incentive award based 50% on the
achievement of company-wide EBITDAR targets for the period commencing on January 1, 2018 and ending on December 31, 2018,
or the “ First Performance Period ,” and for the period commencing on January 1, 2019 and ending on December 31,
2019, or the “ Second Performance Period ,” and 50% on the achievement of APAC EBITDAR targets for each of the
First Performance Period and the Second Performance Period. Mr. Liang’s target incentive opportunity for the First Performance
Period and Second Performance Period was set at $1.6 million and $800,000, respectively. If achievement of the applicable
performance measure during a performance period is in between threshold and target or in between target and maximum levels, the
amount earned for the performance period will be determined using straight-line interpolation. Mr. Liang’s incentive
award is payable as soon as practicable following December 31, 2019, but in no event later than March 15, 2020, subject
to his continued employment through December 31, 2019. 

   

 The following table shows the performance
and achievement for the first performance period of Mr. Liang’s incentive program, which performance period ended December 31,
2018: 

   

 
 
     Metric   
     Weighting     
     Threshold  Performance     
     Target  Performance     
     Maximum  Performance     
     Actual  Performance     
     Payout  (%)   
 
     Company EBITDAR   
       50 %   
       $ 548.6 million     
       $ 609.6 million     
       $ 629.2 million     
       $ 502.4 million     
       0 % 
 
     APAC EBITDAR   
       50 %   
       $ 140.1 million     
       $ 155.0 million     
       $ 165.0 million     
       $ 174.1 million     
       150 % 
 
     Payout as a Percent of Target   
             
             
             
             
             
       75 % 
 




   

 Based on the above results, Mr. Liang earned
$1.2 million with respect to the First Performance Period, which ended December 31, 2018. 

   

 The following table shows the performance
targets for the second performance period of Mr. Liang’s incentive program, which ended December 31, 2019. 

   

 
 
     Metric   
     Weighting     
     Threshold  Performance     
     Target  Performance     
     Maximum  Performance   
 
     Company EBITDAR   
       50 %   
     $ 700.0 million     
     $  753.8 million     
     $ 775.0 million   
 
     APAC EBITDAR   
       50 %   
     $ 155.0 million     
     $ 175.0 million     
     $ 185.0 million   
 





   

 Based on Vertiv’s performance relative
to the above metrics, Mr. Liang earned an incentive payment based on a weighted average payout equal to 48.3% of his target, or
$386,000 with respect to the Second Performance Period. 

   

 While the total amount of the bonus
payment with respect to the First Performance Period and the Second Performance Period is $1,586,000, pursuant to agreed upon
terms between Mr. Liang and Vertiv, the bonus was subject to reduction by the amount of his Cancellation Payment, which is
$741,250, as described below in the “ 2019 Summary Compensation Table ” section. 

   

 

 
       73   
       
     

   

 In addition, the Liang Incentive Agreement
provides that Mr. Liang’s incentive award will be subject to a clawback provision, pursuant to which the company’s
compensation committee may, in its discretion, require the executive to repay the incentive award payment if Mr. Liang breaches
the restrictive covenants under his employment agreement or any other agreement with Vertiv. 

   

 Long Term Incentive Bonus  

   

 In March 2017, Vertiv adopted the Vertiv
Holding Corporation 2017 Transaction Exit Bonus Plan (the “ Transaction Exit Bonus Plan ”). The purpose of
the Transaction Exit Bonus Plan was to provide incentive compensation to key employees, including the named executive officers,
by granting cash-settled performance units. The amount that could have been paid to each participant in the plan with respect to
the performance units was related to the appreciation following Platinum Equity’s investment in the value of Vertiv as a
whole. The performance units matured over a period specified in the applicable award agreement, typically over five years, in each
case subject to continued employment through such date and the achievement of enumerated revenue and EBITDA targets. The Transaction
Exit Bonus Plan may be altered, amended or terminated by Vertiv at any time. All performance units will terminate upon termination
of the Transaction Exit Bonus Plan or expiration on March 31, 2022. Participants in the Transaction Exit Bonus Plan may be
entitled to receive compensation for their vested units upon the occurrence of each “qualifying event” that occurs
during the participant’s employment with Vertiv or during a short period following the participant’s death. 

   

 There are two types of “qualifying
events” defined in the Transaction Exit Bonus Plan: (1) a “qualifying sale event” in which there is a sale
of some or all of the stock of Vertiv then held by Platinum Equity, but excluding a sale of common stock by Vertiv, and (2) a
 “qualifying distribution” in which Vertiv pays a cash dividend to Platinum Equity. Upon the occurrence of a “qualifying
event,” participants with matured units may receive a cash amount equal to the difference between: (i) the value of
the performance units on the date of the “qualifying event” (determined as described below), and (ii) $7.76 (the
current Per Unit Reduction Value of each performance unit, which may be adjusted from time to time as described below). 

   

 The actual value of a performance unit in
connection with a “qualifying sale event” is derived by dividing the net purchase price by 100 million and the
actual value of a performance unit in connection with a “qualifying distribution event” is derived by dividing the
amount of such dividend or distribution to Platinum Equity, net of any and all withholdings, by 100 million. If the Per Unit
Reduction Value at the time of a qualifying event is greater than the value of the performance units on the date of any qualifying
event, the holders of the matured performance units will not receive any proceeds, and instead the Per Unit Reduction Value will
automatically be reduced by the actual value per performance unit. The new Per Unit Reduction Value will then be used to determine
the amount payable to a participation unit holder in connection with any subsequent qualifying event. It was expected that any
payouts under the Transaction Exit Bonus Plan would be settled in cash. 

   

 For the named executive officers, other
than Mr. Johnson, upon a termination of employment, with or without cause, units are forfeited, except in the case of death,
as described in the Transaction Exit Bonus Plan. If Mr. Johnson’s employment is terminated without cause, he retains
his then-matured performance units, ten percent of which will be forfeited each year following the date of such termination of
employment. As of December 31, 2019, Messrs. Johnson, Fallon, Forcier, Hewitt and Liang each held the following performance
units. 

   

 
 
     Name   
     Grant Date   
     Vesting Commencement Date   
     Number of  Units     
     Current  Per Unit  Reduction  Value   
 
     Robert Johnson   
     March 27, 2017   
     January 1, 2017   
       800,000     
     $ 7.76   
 
     David Fallon   
     October 30, 2017   
     July 31, 2017   
       175,000     
     $ 7.76   
 
     Jason Forcier   
     December 7, 2017   
     October 2, 2017   
       150,000     
     $ 7.76   
 
     John Hewitt   
     December 7, 2017   
     October 2, 2017   
       100,000     
     $ 7.76   
 
     Stephen Liang   
     June 15, 2017   
     January 1, 2017   
       100,000     
     $ 7.76   
 
         
     October 30, 2017   
     January 1, 2017   
       25,000     
     $ 7.76   
 


   

 

 
       74   
       
     

   

 Subject to continuous employment through
the applicable maturity date, the performance units granted to the named executive officers in 2017 mature in five substantially
equal installments on each of the first five anniversaries following the applicable vesting commencement date, provided that each
of the award agreements with the named executive officers provide that, upon a qualifying event that involves all or substantially
all of the common stock or assets of Vertiv, all of the performance units granted to such named executive officer will fully mature
as of the date of such qualifying event. The number of performance units that will actually vest on each maturity date is dependent
on Vertiv’s achievement of the revenue and EBITDAR targets set forth below (as may be adjusted from time to time by the Board
to reflect the impact of extraordinary events) as of the applicable maturity date, with 50% vesting based on achievement of the
revenue target for the immediately preceding fiscal year and 50% vesting based on the achievement of the EBITDAR target for the
immediately preceding fiscal year. In the event one or more targets are not met with respect to a given calendar year, or the “base
year,” but both targets are met with respect to the calendar year following such base year, or the “catch-up year”,
the previously unmatured performance units from the base year will mature as of the January 1st immediately following the catch
up year. 

   

 
 
     Maturity Date   
     Prior Year’s  Revenue Target  ($)     
     Prior Year’s  EBITDAR  Target(1)  ($)   
 
     First Anniversary of Vesting Commencement Date   
       4,356,918,000     
       594,683,000   
 
     Second Anniversary of Vesting Commencement Date   
       4,435,782,000     
       697,592,000   
 
     Third Anniversary of Vesting Commencement Date   
       4,518,723,000     
       753,837,000   
 
     Fourth Anniversary of Vesting Commencement Date   
       4,624,542,000     
       814,374,000   
 
     Fifth Anniversary of Vesting Commencement Date   
       4,745,700,000     
       834,222,000   
 


   

 
 
     (1) 
     EBITDAR is a non-GAAP measure that is defined as EBITDA adjusted to exclude certain unusual or non-recurring items, certain non-cash items, foreign currency effects from intercompany loans and other items that are not indicative of ongoing operations.  
 
   

 In connection with the consummation of the
Business Combination, Vertiv entered into acknowledgement and release agreements pursuant to which each named executive officer
agreed that the Business Combination did not constitute a “qualifying event” under the Transaction Exit Bonus Plan
and, subject to the named executive officer’s continued employment through the consummation of the Business Combination and
agreement to a release of claims in favor of Vertiv and its successors and affiliates, including any rights under the Transaction
Exit Bonus Plan, the named executive officer was entitled to receive a cash bonus (the “ Cancellation Payment ”),
payable within thirty days following the Business Consummation, in the amounts set forth below. 

   

 
 
     Name   
     Cancellation Payment  ($)   
 
     Robert Johnson   
       4,104,000   
 
     David Fallon   
       1,047,750   
 
     Jason Forcier   
       769,500   
 
     John Hewitt   
       713,000   
 
     Stephen Liang   
       741,250   
 


   

 Each named executive officer elected to
reinvest a portion of the Cancellation Payments in shares of the Company pursuant to the subscription agreements described in “ Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—GSAH’s Related Party Transactions—Management
Subscription .” 

   

 2020 Fiscal Year Compensation Changes 

   

 On December 8, 2019, the Board of Directors
of GSAH approved the compensation arrangements for Vertiv’s named executive officers, effective as of the closing of the
Business Combination, as described below. 




   

 

 
       75   
       
     

   

 
   

 The Board of Directors of GSAH also approved
stock ownership guidelines for Company officers and non-employee directors, as described below under “ Director Compensation .” 

   

 Executive Offer Letters  

   

 On or following the closing of the Business
Combination, Vertiv shall enter into new offer letters with each executive officers, which provides for annual base salary, annual
bonus opportunities and initial equity awards as set forth below. The executive offer letters, once executed, will supersede and
replace each named executive officer’s current employment and other letter agreements. 

   

 
 
     Name   
     Base Salary 
    ($)     
     Annual Bonus 
    Opportunity  ($)     
     Restricted 
    Stock Units  ($)(1)     
     Stock 
    Options  ($)(2)     
     Total 
    ($)   
 
     Robert
    Johnson   
       950,000     
       950,000     
       8,000,000     
       1,400,000     
       11,300,000   
 
     David
    Fallon   
       575,000     
       575,000     
       1,750,000     
       860,000     
       3,760,000   
 
     Jason
    Forcier   
       500,000     
       400,000     
       1,400,000     
       750,000     
       3,050,000   
 
     John
    Hewitt   
       468,000     
       304,000     
       1,400,000     
       1,000,000     
       3,172,000   
 
     Stephen
    Liang   
       588,000     
       247,000     
       1,400,000     
       600,000     
       2,835,000   
 

   

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Each RSU vests in cumulative installments of 25% on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the date of grant; provided, that they vest in full upon termination of employment due to death or disability and provide for continued vesting upon retirement. In addition, upon a termination without cause, any unvested RSUs scheduled to vest during the six month period following termination, shall vest on the applicable scheduled vesting dates. It is expected that the RSUs will be granted upon the effective date of the Form S-8 to be filed on or about 60 days following the closing of the Business Combination.  
 
   

 
 
     (2) 
     Each option was granted on February 7, 2020 and vests in four equal annual cumulative installments of 25% on each anniversary of the date of grant; provided, that they vest in full upon termination of employment due to death or disability and provide for continued vesting upon retirement. In addition, upon a termination without cause, any unvested options scheduled to vest during the six month period following termination, shall vest on the applicable scheduled vesting dates. The number of shares subject to the option were determined by dividing the aggregate dollar amount set forth opposite each executive officer’s name in the table above by a Black-Scholes value of $4.14.  As a result, the number of shares subject to the options granted to Messrs. Johnson, Fallon, Forcier, Hewitt and Liang was 338,164 shares, 207,729 shares, 181,159 shares, 241,545 shares and 144,927 shares, respectively.  
 
   

 In addition, each named executive officer
is eligible for severance pursuant to the terms of the Employment Policy and the change in control severance and other benefits
pursuant to the CIC Plan, each as described below. 

   

 Employment Policy  

   

 If a named executive officer’s employment
with the Company is terminated without cause or by the executive for good reason (each as defined in the Employment Policy), then
in addition to accrued obligations through the termination date, provided that the named executive officer executes and does not
revoke a release, each named executive officer shall be eligible for the following severance benefits: (i) a cash payment
equal to one times the sum of the executive’s annual rate of base salary immediately prior to the termination of employment
and target annual bonus, to be paid in installments over twelve months in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll policies;
(ii) any earned and unpaid annual bonus for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year in which the termination occurs; and
(iii) reimbursement of COBRA continuation coverage costs for twelve months. 

   

 In addition, each named executive officer
is subject to standard restrictive covenants, including non-competition and non-solicitation covenants for twelve months. 

   

 

 
       76   
       
     

   

 To the extent that the payment and benefits
to be provided under the executive employment policy or other Company plan or agreement would be subject to the excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code on excess parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Internal Revenue Code, the payments will be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion will be subject to the excise tax
if, with such reduction, the net after-tax benefit received by the executive exceeds the net after-tax benefit that would be received
by the executive if no such reduction was made. 

   

 Change of Control Plan  

   

 The Executive Change of Control Plan (the
 “ CIC Plan ”) provides severance benefits to certain senior employees of the Company, including the named executive
officers, upon certain terminations of employment from the Company in connection with a change of control of the Company (as defined
in the CIC Plan). In the event of a change of control of our Company, the executive must also either (i) be involuntarily
terminated other than for cause (as defined in the CIC Plan), or (ii) initiate the termination of his or her own employment
for good reason (as defined in the CIC Plan). Additionally, either qualifying termination event must occur during the period that
is ninety (90) days immediately prior to the change of control and twenty-four months following such change of control (the
 “ Change of Control Period ”). 

   

 If such termination occurs during the Change
of Control Period, the executive would be entitled to (i) lump-sum cash payments equal to then current base salary plus annual
target bonus multiplied by a specified multiplier based on the executive’s position and level (and as set forth in the table
below); (ii) a lump-sum cash payment equal to the executive’s annual target bonus during the fiscal year of termination,
prorated based on the number of days worked by the executive during such fiscal year; and (iii) a lump-sum cash payment equal
to the executive’s actual bonus accrued in the fiscal year prior to the year of termination, but not yet paid. The executive
would also be entitled to (i) full vesting on an accelerated basis of any of the executive’s unvested long-term incentive
awards, and (ii) COBRA continuation coverage for a designated period based on the executive’s position and level (and
as set forth in the table below). The CIC Plan does not provide executives with an excise tax gross-up. 

   

 Severance benefits provided under the CIC
Plan are conditioned on the executive executing a full release of claims and certain confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation
covenants in favor of the Company. The right to continued severance benefits under the plan ceases in the event of a violation
of such covenants, and the non-competition and non-solicitation covenants govern for a period of at least twelve months, or longer
depending on the executive’s position and level, following any termination of executive’s employment. In addition,
we would seek to recover severance benefits already paid to any executive who violates such restrictive covenants. 

   

 
 
     Applicable Severance Factor 
       
     
         •  3x for Mr. Johnson 
         •  2x for Messrs.
        Fallon, Forcier, Hewitt and Liang 
           
 
       
       
 
     COBRA Continuation Period 
       
     Reimbursement of COBRA continuation coverage costs for 18 months 
 
       
       
 
     Duration of Restrictive Covenants 
       
     18 months 
 
   

 

 
       77   
       
     

   

 Retirement Benefits  

   

 Vertiv’s tax-qualified employee savings
and retirement plan (the “ 401(k) Plan ”) covers certain full- and part-time employees in the United States, including
Messrs. Johnson, Fallon, Forcier and Hewitt. Under the 401(k) Plan, employees may elect to reduce their current compensation up
to the statutorily prescribed annual limit and have the amount of such reduction contributed to the 401(k) Plan. The Vertiv Board
believes that the 401(k) Plan provides an important and highly valued means for employees to save for retirement. In January and
February 2019, Vertiv matched two-thirds of the first 6% of the named executive officers’ eligible base salary, and beginning
in March 2019, Vertiv matched 50% of the first 6% of the named executive officers’ eligible base salary. In addition, based
on Vertiv’s U.S. profits, eligible employees in the U.S. may receive a discretionary, annual profit-sharing contribution
to their 401(k) Plan accounts. No profit sharing contribution was made in 2019. Messrs. Johnson, Fallon, Forcier and Hewitt each
participated in the 401(k) Plan on the same terms as Vertiv’s other employees in 2019. 

   

 Mr. Liang received pension contributions
under a local retirement plan. Mr. Liang participates in Vertiv’s Hong Kong defined contribution Occupational Retirement
Scheme Ordinance (the “ ORSO ”), which is a retirement program available to Vertiv’s Hong Kong employees
generally, including Mr. Liang. Under the ORSO, a participant contributes 5% of his or her base salary and Vertiv contributes
an amount equal to 10% of the participant’s base salary to the ORSO. In accordance with regulation and local practice, individuals
with service in Vertiv of more than 10 years, such as Mr. Liang, may withdraw all contribution amounts attributable to both
employee and employer contributions upon a termination of employment for any reason. 

   

 Other Benefits and Perquisites  

   

 All of the named executive officers in the
United States were eligible for coverage under Vertiv’s health insurance programs, including medical, dental and vision,
a health savings account and flexible spending accounts. Additionally, the named executive officers were eligible for life insurance,
short- and long-term disability benefits and paid time off. 

   

 Vertiv has provided certain of the named
executive officers perquisites as a means of providing additional compensation through the availability of benefits that are convenient
for the executives to use when faced with the demands of their positions. The Vertiv Board considers whether, and to what extent,
it may be appropriate for the named executive officers to receive such perquisites based on the individual demands of their respective
positions. 

   

 In addition, Vertiv provides Mr. Liang
(i) reimbursement of country club membership fees, (ii) a cash housing allowance, (iii) statutory Hong Kong social
insurance payments, and (iv) reimbursement for fees paid in connection with the filing of his U.S. and Hong Kong tax returns
which have not yet been determined as of the date of this filing. 

   

 

 
       78   
       
     

   

 Employment Agreements  

   

 Vertiv is party to employment agreements
with each of the named executive officers that govern their employment with Vertiv. The terms of the employment agreements are
described in more detail in the “ Narrative Relating to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table ”
section below. The Vertiv Board believes that employment agreements with the named executive officers are valuable tools to both
enhance Vertiv’s efforts to retain these executives and to protect Vertiv’s competitive and confidential information.
The estimates of the value of the benefits potentially payable under these agreements upon a termination of employment or change
in control are set out below under the caption “ Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control .” 

   

 2019 Summary Compensation Table  

   

 The following table shows compensation of
the named executive officers for fiscal years 2019 and 2018. 

   

 

 
 
     Name and Principal Position   
     Year     
     Salary  ($)     
     Bonus  ($)     
     Non-Equity  Incentive  Plan  Compensation  ($)(1)     
     Change In  Pension And  Nonqualified  Deferred  Compensation  Earnings  ($)     
     All Other  Compensation  ($)(2)     
     Total  ($)   
 
     Robert Johnson   
       2019     
       950,000     
       —     
       2,308,500     
       —     
       37,144     
       3,295,644   
 
     Chief Executive Officer   
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
       2018     
       901,923     
       450,000     
       192,000     
       —     
       20,580     
       1,564,503   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     David Fallon   
       2019     
       575,000     
       —     
       1,397,250     
       —     
       40,307     
       2,012,557   
 
     Chief Financial Officer   
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
       2018     
       502,885     
       128,250     
       48,000     
       —     
       18,752     
       697,887   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Stephen Liang(3)   
       2019     
       590,424     
       —     
       1,882,273     
       —     
       275,268     
       2,747,965   
 
     President, Asia-Pacific   
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
       2018     
       557,004     
       —     
       149,688     
       —     
       622,970     
       1,329,662   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Jason Forcier   
       2019     
       455,769     
       —     
       969,819     
       —     
       11,003     
       1,436,591   
 
     Chief Operations Officer and Executive Vice President of Infrastructure and Solutions   
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
       2018     
       400,000     
       150,000     
       48,000     
       —     
       9,023     
       607,023   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     John Hewitt   
       2019     
       459,000     
       —     
       930,623     
       —     
       21,909     
       1,411,532   
 
     President of Americas   
             
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
       2018     
       450,000     
       90,000     
       48,000     
       —     
       145,772     
       733,772   
 



 

    

 
 
     (1) 
     The amounts reported in this column with respect to 2019 represent the bonuses paid to (i) each named executive officer related to the 2019 AIP, (ii) each named executive officer related to the 2019 Transformation Bonus Plan, and (iii) Mr. Liang, pursuant to the Liang Incentive Agreement, which has been reduced by the amount of his Cancellation Payment of $741,250, as described below in the “ Business Combination-Related Compensation ” section.  
 
   

 
 
     (2) 
     The amounts shown in this column include the cost of the following perquisites and other benefits received by the named executive officers:  
 
   

 
 
       
     (a) 
     Robert Johnson . The amounts represent matching contributions to tax-qualified retirement plan during 2019 equal to $11,200, plus expenses related to housing in Columbus, Ohio while he was in town for business equal to $25,944.  
 
   

 

 
       79   
       
     

   

 
 
       
     (b) 
     David Fallon.  The amounts represent matching contributions to tax-qualified retirement plan during 2019 equal to $11,200, country club dues equal to $10,452, and plus expenses related to commuting between Tennessee and Ohio equal to $18,654.  
 
   

 
 
       
     (c) 
     Stephen Liang . The amounts represent (i) payment
    of $4,135 in respect of country club membership fees, (ii) a cash housing allowance of $197,834 (paid in HKD), (iii)
    statutory Hong Kong social insurance payments totaling $12,953, (iv) a tax service fee not yet incurred for 2019 taxes to
    be paid in connection with the filing of his U.S. and Hong Kong tax returns, and (v) the employer portion of the contribution
    to his ORSO pension account equal to $60,346.  
 
   

 
 
       
     (d) 
     Jason Forcier.  This amount represents matching contributions to the tax-qualified retirement plan during 2019 equal to $11,003.  
 
   

 
 
       
     (e) 
     John Hewitt . The amounts represent matching contributions to tax-qualified retirement plan during 2019 equal to $10,770, and annual country club dues of $11,138.  
 
   

 
 
     (3) 
     Mr. Liang’s cash compensation was generally denominated in United States dollars, other than all of the compensation reflected in the “All Other Compensation” column, which was denominated in the Hong Kong dollar and was converted to U.S. dollars using the December 31, 2019 year-to-date 2019 average exchange rate of 0.1276 U.S. dollars per Hong Kong dollar.  
 
   

 Grants of Plan-Based Awards  

   

 
 
         
         
         
     Estimated Possible Payouts Under   
 
         
         
         
     Non-Equity   
 
         
         
         
       Incentive Plan Awards   
 
         
         
         
       Threshold     
       Target     
       Maximum   
 
         
     Plan   
     Grant Date   
       ($)     
       ($)     
       ($)   
 
     Robert Johnson   
     Annual
    Incentive Plan   
     1/1/2019(1)   
       285,000     
       950,000     
       1,425,000   
 
         
     Transformation
    Bonus Plan   
     1/1/2019(2)   
       285,000     
       950,000     
       1,425,000   
 
         
         
         
             
             
           
 
     David Fallon   
     Annual Incentive Plan   
     1/1/2019(1)   
       172,500     
       575,000     
       862,500   
 
         
     Transformation Bonus Plan   
     1/1/2019(2)   
       172,500     
       575,000     
       862,500   
 
         
         
         
             
             
           
 
     Jason Forcier   
     Annual Incentive Plan   
     1/1/2019(1)   
       99,945     
       333,150     
       499,725   
 
         
     Transformation Bonus Plan   
     1/1/2019(2)   
       136,731     
       455,769     
       683,654   
 
         
         
         
             
             
           
 
     John Hewitt   
     Annual Incentive Plan   
     1/1/2019(1)   
       91,260     
       304,200     
       456,300   
 
         
     Transformation Bonus Plan   
     1/1/2019(2)   
       137,700     
       459,000     
       688,500   
 
         
         
         
             
             
           
 
     Stephen Liang   
     Annual Incentive Plan   
     1/1/2019(1)   
       69,300     
       231,000     
       346,500   
 
         
     2017 Senior Executive Medium-Term Incentive and Retention Agreement   
     1/1/2019(3)   
       240,000     
       800,000     
       1,200,000   
 



   

 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Represents the threshold, target and maximum value of annual incentive awards that could have been earned by the named executive officers under the Annual Incentive Plan for the year ended December 31, 2019. For a discussion of the terms of the AIP and the amounts earned thereunder by the named executive officers for 2019, see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Components of Compensation for 2019—Annual Incentive Plan Bonus Opportunities” above. 
 
   

 

 
       80   
       
     

   

 
 
     (2) 
     Represents the threshold and maximum value of annual incentive awards that could have been earned by the named executive officers (other than Mr. Liang) under the T-Bonus Plan for the year ended December 31, 2019. For a discussion of the terms of the T-Bonus Plan, see “ Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Components of Compensation for 2019—Transformation Bonus Opportunities ” above.  
 
   

 
 
     (3) 
     Represents the threshold, target and maximum value of incentive awards that could be earned by Mr. Liang under the Liang Incentive Agreement. For a discussion of the terms of the Liang Incentive Agreement, see “ Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Components of Compensation for 2019—Senior Executive Medium-Term Incentive and Retention Agreement ” above.  
 
   

 Narrative Relating to Summary Compensation Table and Grants
of Plan-Based Awards Table  

   

 Employment Agreements with Named Executive Officers in
Effect for FY2019 

   

 Robert Johnson.  During 2019, Vertiv
was party to an employment agreement with Mr. Johnson, which sets forth his annual base salary, and an annual cash bonus opportunity
equal to 100% of his base salary for target-level achievement of annual performance criteria, established by the Vertiv Board pursuant
to the AIP, up to a maximum of 150% of his base salary for above-target performance. Mr. Johnson’s employment agreement
also provided that his annual bonus would be equal to no less than 50% of his base salary for 2019. In addition, Mr. Johnson
is eligible for four (4) weeks of vacation annually as well as company-provided living accommodations within 25 miles of Vertiv’s
customer and technology headquarters. Mr. Johnson’s employment agreement also subjects him to a confidentiality provision
and one-year post-termination non-competition and non-solicitation covenants. 

   

 If Mr. Johnson’s employment was
terminated by us without cause or by him for good reason (each, as defined in the employment agreement) in 2019, subject to his
execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims, he would have been entitled to (i) continued receipt of his base
salary, payable in installments generally in accordance with normal payroll practices, for a 12 month period following such termination
and (ii) an amount equal to the greater of (x) his target annual bonus for the year of termination and (y) the annual
bonus paid to him for the year immediately preceding the year of termination, in each case payable in the first regularly scheduled
payroll period following the 12 month anniversary of the termination date. In addition, if Mr. Johnson’s employment
was terminated due to his death or disability, subject to his (or his estate’s) execution and non-revocation of a general
release of claims in favor of us and Vertiv’s affiliates with respect to any such termination due to a disability, he would
have been entitled to an amount equal to 50% of his target annual bonus for the year such termination occurs. 

   

 David Fallon.  During 2019, Mr. Fallon’s
employment was governed by a letter agreement, dated June 12, 2017, with Mr. Fallon, which set forth his annual base
salary, and an annual bonus opportunity equal to 65% of his base salary for target-level achievement of performance criteria established
under the AIP. If Mr. Fallon’s employment was terminated by us without cause, subject to his execution and non-revocation
of a general release of claims, he would have been entitled to (i) continued payment of his base salary for nine months following
such termination, and (ii) a lump sum payment equal to three months’ salary. Mr. Fallon has also executed an agreement
subjecting him to a confidentiality provision and one-year post-termination non-competition and non-solicitation covenants. 

   

 Jason Forcier.  During 2019, Mr. Forcier’s
employment was governed by a letter agreement, dated June 17, 2019, which set forth his annual base salary, and an annual
bonus opportunity equal to 80% of his base salary for target-level achievement of performance criteria established under the AIP.
Under such agreement, if Mr. Forcier’s employment was terminated by us in 2019, subject to his execution and non-revocation
of a general release of claims, he would have been entitled to (i) continued payment of his base salary for fifty-two weeks
following such termination, and (ii) a lump sum payment equal to 100% of his AIP target bonus. Mr. Forcier has also executed
an agreement subjecting him to a confidentiality provision and one-year post-termination non-competition and non-solicitation covenants. 

   

 John Hewitt . During 2019,
Mr. Hewitt’s employment was governed by a letter agreement, dated August 16, 2017, which sets forth his annual
base salary, and an annual bonus opportunity equal to 65% of his base salary for target-level achievement of performance
criteria established under the AIP. Mr. Hewitt has also executed an agreement subjecting him to a confidentiality
provision and one-year post-termination non-competition and non-solicitation covenants. 

   

 

 
       81   
       
     

   

 Stephen Liang . During 2019, Mr. Liang’s
employment was governed by a letter agreement, dated November 22, 2018, with Vertiv (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited, which sets forth
his annual base salary, and an annual bonus opportunity currently equal to $231,000 for target-level achievement of performance
criteria established under the AIP. Pursuant to Mr. Liang’s letter agreement, he was entitled to receive $129,000 HK
($197,834 USD) per month as part of a cash housing program that expired on September 30, 2019. Mr. Liang’s letter
agreement also provided for the following in 2019: club membership fees; a payment to cover a round-trip business class air ticket
from Hong Kong to Boston, Massachusetts for himself and his direct dependents; company-paid medical and dental insurance for himself
and his dependents; and life and personal accident insurance. Additionally, Mr. Liang is entitled to 21 working days annual
leave. Mr. Liang’s agreement also provides for his participation in ORSO, the Hong Kong statutory pension plan, pursuant
to which Vertiv makes monthly contributions equal to 10% of his monthly base salary. If Mr. Liang’s employment was terminated
in 2019 other than by Vertiv for cause, he would have been entitled to six months’ notice or payment in lieu of notice. Mr. Liang’s
letter agreement subjects him to a confidentiality provision and one-year post-termination non-competition and non-solicitation
covenants. 

   

 Bonuses  

   

 During 2019, Vertiv maintained the Vertiv
Annual Incentive Plan and the Transformation Bonus Plan, in each case, pursuant to which cash incentive awards may be made to the
named executive officers. Vertiv has also paid certain discretionary bonuses to the named executive officers. For a summary of
the Annual Incentive Plan, the Transformation Bonus Plan and the discretionary bonuses paid with respect to 2019, see “ Compensation
Discussion and Analysis—Components of Compensation for 2019 ” above. 

   

 Retirement Plans and Other Perquisites  

   

 Vertiv maintains certain retirement benefit
plans and provide the named executive officers with certain benefits and perquisites. For a summary of such plans and benefits,
see “ Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Components of Compensation for 2019—Retirement Benefits ”
and “ Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Components of Compensation for 2019—Perquisites and Other Benefits ”
above. 

   

 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control
 

   

 Each of the named executive officers has
entered into agreements, the material terms of which have been summarized above under the caption “ Narrative relating
to summary compensation table and grants of plan-based awards table .” Upon certain terminations of employment, the named
executive officers (employed as of December 31, 2019) are entitled to payments of compensation and certain benefits. The table
below reflects the amount of compensation and benefits payable to each named executive officer who was employed as of December 31,
2019 in the event of a (i) termination without cause, (ii) termination for good reason, or (iii) termination by
reason of the executive’s death or disability. Performance units granted pursuant to the Transaction Exit Bonus Plan had
no value as of December 31, 2019 and therefore are not included in the table below. For a summary of the Transaction Exit
Bonus Plan, see “ Compensation discussion and analysis—Components of Compensation for 2019—Long Term Incentive
Bonus ” above. The amounts shown assume that the applicable triggering event occurred on December 31, 2019 and, therefore,
are estimates of the amounts that would be paid to the named executive officers upon the occurrence of such triggering event. 

   

 

 
 
     Name   
     Reason for  termination   
     Cash  payment  ($)   
 
     Robert Johnson   
     Without Cause   
       1,900,000 (1) 
 
         
     Good Reason   
       1,900,000 (1) 
 
         
     Death or Disability   
       950,000 (2) 
 
         
         
           
 
     David Fallon   
     Without Cause   
       575,000 (3) 
 
         
     Good Reason   
       —   
 
         
     Death or Disability(3)   
       —   
 
         
         
           
 
     Jason Forcier   
     Without Cause   
       900,000 (4) 
 
         
     Good Reason   
       —   
 
         
     Death or Disability   
       —   
 
         
         
           
 
     John Hewitt   
     Without Cause   
       468,000 (3) 
 
         
     Good Reason   
       —   
 
         
     Death or Disability   
       —   
 
         
         
           
 
     Stephen
    Liang   
     Without
    Cause   
       335,212 (5) 
 
         
     Good Reason   
       335,212 (5) 
 
         
     Death or Disability   
       335,212 (5) 
 



 

   

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Consists of (i) continued payment of Mr. Johnson’s base salary, currently $950,000 annually, payable in installments generally in accordance with normal payroll practices, for a 12 month period following such termination and (ii) an amount equal to the greater of (x) his target annual bonus for the year of termination, which was $950,000, and (y) the annual bonus paid to him for the year immediately preceding the year of termination, which was $450,000, in each case payable in the first regularly scheduled payroll period following the 12 month anniversary of the termination date.  
 
   

 
 
     (2) 
     Consists of Mr. Johnson’s target annual bonus for the year of termination.  
 
   

 
 
     (3) 
     Consists of (i) continued payment of base salary for nine months following such termination, and (ii) a lump sum payment equal to three months’ salary.  
 
   

 
 
     (4) 
     Consists of continued payment of (i) base salary for twelve months following such termination, and (ii) a lump sum payment equal to a target AIP payment.  
 
   

 
 
     (5) 
     Consists of (i) six months’ notice or payment in lieu of notice and (ii) payment of expenses for repatriation to the United States in accordance with company policy, estimated to be approximately $40,000.  
 
   

 Director Compensation  

   

 Director Compensation Policy  

   

 For 2019, the Vertiv Board was comprised
of Bryan Kelln, Jacob Kotzubei and Edward L. Monser. These individuals received no cash, equity or other non-equity compensation
for services rendered. At all times during such period, Mssrs. Kelln and Kotzubei were employed and compensated exclusively by
Platinum Equity. Mssrs. Kelln and Kotzubei provided services to Vertiv pursuant to the terms of the services agreement, and
Vertiv compensated Platinum Equity for these and other services through the payment of an advisory fee. Please see ““ Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence ” below for a discussion of the terms of
the services agreement. During the relevant period, Mssrs. Kelln and Kotzubei did not perform services exclusively or predominately
for Vertiv and instead provided services across Platinum Equity Advisors’ entire business and portfolio. As a result, Platinum
Equity Advisors cannot segregate or identify the portion of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to Mssrs. Kelln and
Kotzubei that relates to their respective services to Vertiv and no portion of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to
Mssrs. Kelln and Kotzubei relate solely to their service to us. Vertiv currently has no other formal arrangements under which directors
receive compensation for service to the board of directors or its committees. 

   

 

 
       82   
       
     

   

 All Other Compensation  

   

 Vertiv’s policy is to reimburse directors
for reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending board and committee meetings or performing other services
in their capacities as directors. Vertiv does not provide tax gross-up payments to members of the Vertiv Board. The Vertiv Board
expects to review director compensation periodically to ensure that the director compensation package remains competitive such
that Vertiv is able to recruit and retain qualified directors. 

   

 Stock Ownership Guidelines for Company Directors and Officers 

   

 Pursuant to the policy adopted by the
Board on December 8, 2019, our directors are expected to own Company stock with a value equal to five times their cash
retainer. Our officers and are expected to own Company stock based on the following multiple-of-salary ownership
threshold guidelines. 

   

 
 
       
     Salary Level 
     Guidelines 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     •  Chief Executive Officer 
     5 times Salary 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     •  Chief
    Financial Officer and other "named executive officers" (as defined in Item 402(a)(3) of Regulation S-K) 
     3 times Salary 
 
       
       
       
 
       
     •  All
    other Section 16 officers 
     2 times Salary 
 
   

 A director or officer is expected to
comply with the minimum investment guidelines within five years after election or appointment as a director or appointment as
an officer. For purposes of satisfying the requirements of the stock ownership guidelines, “ownership” includes
stock owned privately, shares (or equivalent shares) awarded to, or purchased by, a director or officer pursuant to a
qualified or non-qualified benefit or savings plan, or shares held through a partnership, trust, limited liability company or
other investment vehicle that is majority owned or controlled by the director or officer. Stock option awards or any other
unvested awards that have been granted but have not yet been exercised do not count toward meeting the minimum ownership
guidelines. Upon exercise, however, the net shares retained do count toward the minimum ownership requirements. Directors and
officers may not sell or dispose of any Company stock that they own outright or any net shares attributable to stock option
exercises or the vesting of RSUs until they satisfy the minimum ownership guidelines. In addition, each director or officer
must hold net shares attributable to stock option exercises or the vesting of RSUs for at least one year, regardless of
whether the multiple-of-salary ownership threshold guidelines have been met. Directors and officers may only sell Company
stock during open window periods under the Company Securities Trading Policy and must notify and receive clearance prior to
executing any stock sales or option exercises. 

   

 
 
     Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  
 
   

 The following table sets forth information
known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock as of March
9, 2020 by: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     each person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Company’s outstanding Class A common stock;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     each of the Company’s executive officers and directors; and  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     all executive officers and directors as a group.  
 
   

 Beneficial ownership is determined according
to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses
sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days. Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community property laws and similar
laws, the Company believes that each person listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. 

   

 

 
 
     Name and Address of Beneficial Owners(1)   
     Number of  Shares     
     Ownership Percentage  (%)   
 
     5% Holders (Other than Directors and Executive Officers)   
             
           
 
     VPE Holdings, LLC (the Vertiv Stockholder)(2)   
       118,261,955     
       36.01 % 
 
     Alyeska Investment Group, L.P.(3)   
       18,435,366     
       5.60 % 
 
     Eminence Capital, LP(4)   
       16,500,000     
       5.02 % 

 
         
             
           
 
     Directors and Executive Officers   
             
           
 
     David M. Cote(5)   
       15,889,167     
       4.76 % 
 
     Rob Johnson   
       123,120     
       *   
 
     Roger Fradin(6)   
       368,333     
       *   
 
     Joseph van Dokkum(7)   
       25,000     
       *   
 
     Jacob Kotzubei   
       —     
       —   
 
     Matthew Louie   
       —     
       —   
 
     Edward L. Monser   
       —     
       —   
 
     Steven S. Reinemund(8)   
       368,333     
       *   
 
     Robin L. Washington(9)   
       10,000     
       *   
 
     Giordano Albertazzi   
       26,859     
       *   
 
     Andrew Cole   
       35,650     
       *   
 
     David J. Fallon   
       52,387     
       *   
 
     Colin Flannery   
       17,825     
       *   
 
     Jason M. Forcier   
       38,475     
       *   
 
     John Hewitt   
       35,650     
       *   
 
     Patrick Johnson   
       31,802     
       *   
 
     Steve Lalla   
       25,650     
       *   
 
     Stephen Liang   
       37,062     
       *   
 
     Gary Niederpruem   
       24,618     
       *   
 
     All directors and executive officers as a group (19 individuals)(10)   
       17,109,931     
       5.13 % 
 



 

   

   

 
 
     * 
     Less than one percent  
 
   

 
 
     (1) 
     Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 1050 Dearborn Drive, Columbus, Ohio 43085.  
 
   

 
 
     (2) 
     

 Represents shares owned directly by VPE Holdings, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company. Vertiv JV Holdings, LLC owns a majority of the outstanding equity interests of VPE Holdings, LLC, and
PE Vertiv Holdings, LLC owns a majority of the outstanding interests of Vertiv JV Holdings, LLC, and, accordingly, each may be
deemed to beneficially own the shares owned directly by VPE Holdings, LLC. PE Vertiv Holdings, LLC is directly owned by six private
equity investment funds, none of which private equity investment funds individually has the power to direct the voting or disposition
of shares beneficially owned. Platinum Equity Investment Holdings III, LLC is the managing member of one of such funds and the
managing member of the general partner of four of such funds. Through such positions, Platinum Equity Investment Holdings III,
LLC has the indirect power to direct the voting of a majority of the outstanding equity interests of PE Vertiv Holdings, LLC. Platinum
Equity Investment Holdings Manager III, LLC is the managing member of Platinum Equity Investment Holdings III, LLC. Platinum Equity
InvestCo, L.P. owns all of the economic interests in Platinum Equity Investment Holdings III, LLC. Platinum Equity Investment Holdings
IC (Cayman), LLC  is the general partner of Platinum Equity InvestCo LP. Platinum InvestCo (Cayman), LLC holds a controlling
interest in Platinum Equity InvestCo LP. Platinum Equity, LLC is sole member of Platinum Equity Investment Holdings Manager III,
LLC and Platinum Equity Investment Holdings III, LLC. Platinum Equity also indirectly controls the other funds that own equity
interests of PE Vertiv Holdings, LLC.   Mr. Tom Gores is the beneficial owner of Platinum Equity, LLC. Accordingly, as
a result of their indirect ownership and control of each of VPE Holdings, LLC, Vertiv JV Holdings, LLC and PE Vertiv Holdings,
LLC, each of Platinum Equity Investment Holdings, LLC, Platinum Equity Investment Holdings Manager, LLC, Platinum Equity InvestCo,
L.P., Platinum Equity Investment Holdings IC (Cayman), LLC, Platinum InvestCo (Cayman), LLC, Platinum Equity, LLC and Mr. Tom Gores
may be deemed to beneficially own the shares owned directly by VPE Holdings, LLC. Mr. Tom Gores disclaims beneficial ownership
of the shares owned directly by VPE Holdings, LLC, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The business address
of VPE Holdings, LLC and each party beneficially owning the shares held thereby is 360 North Crescent Drive, South Building, Beverly
Hills, CA, 90210. 



 
 
   

 

 
       83   
       
     

   

 
 
     (3) 
     Includes (i) 13,747,476 shares of Class A common stock (including 634,298 shares of
    Class A common stock underlying public warrants) held by Alyeska Master Fund, L.P.; (ii) 4,536,668 shares of
    Class A common stock (including 209,302 shares of Class A common stock underlying public warrants) held by Alyeska
    Master Fund 2, L.P.; and (iii) 151,222 shares of Class A common stock (including 6,977 shares of Class A common stock
    underlying public warrants) held by Alyeska Master Fund 3, L.P. Alyeska Master Fund, L.P., Alyeska Master Fund 2, L.P. and
    Alyeska Master Fund 3, L.P. (the “ Alyeska Stockholders” ) are controlled by their respective general
    partners Alyeska Fund GP, LLC, Alyeska Fund 2 GP, LLC and Alyeska Fund 3 GP, LLC, (collectively, the “ Alyeska GP
    Entities ”). The Alyeska GP Entities appointed Alyeska Investment Group, L.P. (“ Alyeska Investment
    Manager ”) to act as their investment manager. Alyeska Investment Manager has voting and investment control of the
    shares held by the Alyeska Stockholders. Anand Parekh is the Chief Executive Officer of Alyeska Investment Manager and may be
    deemed to be the beneficial owner of the securities held by the Alyeska Stockholders. Mr. Parekh, however, disclaims any
    beneficial ownership of the shares held by the Alyeska Stockholders. The business address of Alyeska Investment Group, L.P.
    is 77 West Wacker Drive, 7th Floor, Chicago, IL 60601.  
 
   

 
 
     (4) 
     Includes (i) 14,906,921 shares of Class A common stock held by Eminence Holdings LLC and (ii) 1,593,079 shares of Class A common stock held by EC Longhorn LLC. Eminence Capital, LP serves as the investment adviser to, and may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power over the shares of Class A common stock held by, Eminence Holdings LLC and EC Longhorn LLC. Ricky C. Sandler is the Chief Executive Officer of Eminence Capital, LP and may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power over the shares of Class A common stock held by Eminence Holdings LLC and EC Longhorn LLC. The business address of Eminence Capital, LP is 399 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY 10022.  
 
   

 
 
     (5) 
     Interests shown include: (i) 8,572,500 founder shares held by Cote SPAC 1 LLC; (ii) 5,266,667 shares of Class A common stock underlying private placement warrants held by Cote SPAC 1 LLC; (iii) 2,000,000 shares of Class A common stock held by Atlanta Sons LLC; and (iv) 50,000 shares of Class A common stock held by Mr. Cote’s spouse. Mr. Cote is the manager of Cote SPAC 1 LLC and Atlanta Sons LLC. Mr. Cote disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by his spouse except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.  
 
   

 
 
     (6) 
     Interests shown include: (i) 35,000 founder shares; (ii) 133,333 shares of Class A common stock underlying the units (including 100,000 shares of Class A common stock and 33,333 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants comprising the units); and (iii) 200,000 PIPE Shares.  
 
   

 
 
     (7) 
     Interests shown are held by Mr. Joseph van Dokkum and Mrs. Lynn van Dokkum, as tenants in common.  
 
   

 
 
     (8) 
     Interests shown include: (i) 35,000 founder shares; (ii) 133,333 shares of Class A common stock underlying the units (including 100,000 shares of Class A common stock and 33,333 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants comprising the units) held by 2017 Steven S Reinemund GRAT, of which Mr. Reinemund is trustee; and (iii) 200,000 PIPE Shares held by 2017 Steven S Reinemund GRAT, of which Mr. Reinemund is trustee. 
 
   

 
 
      (9) 
     Interests show are held by the Carl and Robin Washington Revocable Trust. Carl D. Washington and Robin L. Washington are trustees of the Carl and Robin Washington Revocable Trust.  
 
   

 
 
     (10) 
     Interests shown include: (i) 5,266,667 shares of Class A common stock underlying the private placement warrants held by the Cote SPAC 1 LLC; (ii) 133,333 shares of Class A common stock underlying the units (including 100,000 shares of Class A common stock and 33,333 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants comprising the units) held by Mr. Fradin; and (iii) 133,333 shares of Class A common stock underlying the units (including 100,000 shares of Class A common stock and 33,333 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants comprising the units) held by a trust controlled by Mr. Reinemund.  
 
   

 The information set forth under “ Item
5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities—(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.”  is incorporated herein by reference. 

   

 

 
       84   
       
     

   

 
 
     Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  
 
   

 GSAH’s Related Party Transactions  

   

 Founder Shares  

   

 In May 2016, the Sponsor purchased 2,875,000
shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate price of $25,000, or approximately $0.0087 per share. On May 17, 2018,
GSAH conducted a 1:6 stock split, resulting in the Sponsor holding 17,250,000 shares of Class B common stock. The financial
statements of GSAH reflect the changes of the split retroactively for all periods prior to May 17, 2018. In May 2018, the
Sponsor transferred 35,000 shares of Class B common stock to each of GSAH’s independent directors at their original
purchase price. Immediately prior to the Business Combination, Sponsor distributed 8,572,000 shares of Class B common stock
to each of the Sponsor Members. 

   

 The shares of Class B common stock
were automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of GSAH’s initial business combination,
or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights,
which anti-adjustment rights were waived in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, including the PIPE Investment.
As a result of such waiver, the 17,250,000 shares of the Class B common stock automatically converted into shares of our Class A
common stock on a one-for-one basis upon the consummation of the Business Combination. We refer to the shares of Class B common
stock and the shares of Class A common stock that they converted into upon the consummation of the Business Combination as
the “ founder shares .” The founder shares are identical to GSAH’s public shares, except that: (1) prior
to the Business Combination, only holders of the founder shares had the right to vote on the election of directors; (2) the
founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (3) the Sponsor and each of
GSAH’s officer and directors are party to a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they agreed to waive certain rights
with respect to their shares prior to the consummation of the Business Combination; and (4) the holders of founder shares
are entitled to registration rights pursuant to our Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 

   

 Subject to certain limited exceptions, the
Initial Stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any founder shares during the Sponsor Lock-up Period, which ends
on the earlier of (1) February 7, 2021 and (2) (a) if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock
equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing on or after July 6, 2020, or (y) the date
on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of
our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

   

 Private Placement Warrants 

   

 In connection with the completion of our
IPO, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,533,333 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A
common stock for $11.50 per share, at a price of $1.50 per private placement warrant, generating proceeds, before expenses, of
$15,800,000. Immediately prior to the Business Combination, the Sponsor distributed 5,266,667 private placement warrants to the
Cote Sponsor Member and 5,266,666 private placement warrants to the GS Sponsor Member. 

   

 The private placement warrants will not
be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor Members or their respective permitted transferees. The Sponsor Members,
or their respective permitted transfers, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis and are
entitled to certain registration rights pursuant to our Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 

   

 Otherwise, the private placement warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants. If the private placement warrants are held by holders
other than the Sponsor Members or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable
by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. 

   

 

 
       85   
       
     

   

 Registration Rights  

   

 The Initial Stockholders were entitled to
registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement, which was amended and restated in connection with the Business
Combination. The Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement grants the RRA Parties certain Registration Rights with respect
to their registrable securities. The information set forth under “ Item 1. Business—Business Combination—Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement”  is incorporated herein by reference. 

   

 Related Party Notes  

   

 On April 9, 2018, the Sponsor loaned
us $300,000 in unsecured promissory notes. The funds were used to pay a portion of the expenses related to the IPO. The note was
non-interest bearing, unsecured and was paid to the Sponsor in connection with the closing of the IPO. 

   

 Sponsor Commitment  

   

 On March 11, 2019, the GS Sponsor Member
provided GSAH with a commitment pursuant to which the GS Sponsor Member agreed that, if funds are needed by the Company through
June 12, 2020 to pay ordinary course expenses, the GS Sponsor Member would provide the Company with liquidity of up to an
aggregate of $2.0 million. The GS Sponsor Member did not receive any additional interest in the Company in exchange for any
such contribution and any liquidity provided under the commitment was to be in the form of a contribution with respect to the Sponsor’s
founder shares. This commitment was terminated in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. 

   

 Administrative Services Agreement  

   

 GSAH entered into an agreement to pay
an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, administrative and support services.
For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, GSAH incurred expenses of $120,000 and $67,668, respectively under this
agreement. The agreement was terminated at the closing of the Business Combination. 

   

 Subscription Agreements  

   

 Concurrently with the execution of the Merger
Agreement, we entered into Subscription Agreements with the PIPE Investors, pursuant to which certain affiliates of GSAH and Vertiv
subscribed for shares of our Class A common stock in connection with the PIPE Investment. The PIPE Investment was consummated
in connection with the Business Combination, pursuant to which the following related parties purchased PIPE Shares at a price of
$10.00 per shares: 

   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     GS ESC PIPE Investor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, purchased 8,000,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Cote PIPE Investor, an entity controlled by David M. Cote, purchased 2,000,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Mr. Cote’s spouse, purchased 50,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Members of Mr. Cote’s immediate family jointly purchased 15,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Roger Fradin, one of our directors, purchased 200,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     A trust controlled by James F. Albaugh, a former director of GSAH, purchased 50,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     A trust controlled by Steven S. Reinemund, one of our directors, purchased 200,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Robin L. Washington, one of our directors, purchased 10,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Joseph J. van Dokkum, one of our directors, and his spouse, jointly purchased 25,000 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Robert Johnson, one of our directors and executive officers, purchased 123,120 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     David Fallon, one of our executive officers, purchased 52,387 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 

 
       86   
       
     

   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     John Hewitt, one of our executive officers, purchased 35,650 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Jason Forcier, one of our executive officers, purchased 38,475 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Stephen Liang, one of our executive officers, purchased 37,062 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Andrew Cole, one of our executive officers, purchased 35,650 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Giordano Albertazzi, one of our executive officers, purchased 26,859 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Steve Lalla, one of our executive officers, purchased 25,650 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Pat Johnson, one of our executive officers, purchased 31,802 PIPE Shares;  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Gary Niederpruem, one of our executive officers, purchased 24,618 PIPE Shares; and  
 
   

 
 
       
     • 
       
     Colin Flannery, one of our executive officers, purchased 17,825 PIPE Shares.  
 
   

 The information set forth under “ Item
1. Business—Business Combination—Related Agreements —Subscription Agreements .” is incorporated herein
by reference. 

   

 

 
       87   
       
     

   

 
   

 Stockholders Agreement  

   

 At the closing of the Business Combination,
the Sponsor Members and the Vertiv Stockholder entered into the Stockholders Agreement, which gives the Vertiv Stockholder the
right to nominate up to four directors to our Board of Directors, subject to its ownership percentage of the total outstanding
shares of Class A common stock. The information set forth under “ Item 1. Business—Business Combination—Related
Agreements —Stockholders Agreements .” is incorporated herein by reference. 

   

 Related Party Payments  

   

 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC acted as
financial advisor to GSAH in connection with, and participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the Business Combination.
In connection with the Business Combination, an aggregate amount of approximately $50 million in deferred underwriting discount,
advisory fees and placement agent fees, was paid to Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, which payment was contingent upon completion
of the Business Combination. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC has provided certain financial advisory and/or underwriting services
to GSAH from time to time for which the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC has received, and may receive,
compensation, including having acted as sole bookrunner with respect to the GSAH’s IPO in June 2018. During the two year
period ended December 10, 2019, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC has recognized compensation for financial advisory and/or
underwriting services provided by its Investment Banking Division to GSAH of approximately $11.1 million. Prior to the Business
Combination, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC was an affiliate of GSAH and the Sponsor and is an affiliate of GS Sponsor Member
and GS ESC PIPE Investor (Raanan A. Agus, one of GSAH’s directors prior to the Business Combination, is also a Participating
Managing Director of Goldman Sachs). 

   

 Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC also
has provided certain financial advisory and/or underwriting services to Vertiv Holdings from time to time, however, during
the two year period ended December 10, 2019, the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs has not been engaged by
Vertiv Holdings to provide financial advisory or underwriting services for which Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC has
recognized compensation. Goldman Sachs also has provided certain financial advisory and/or underwriting services to Platinum
Equity portfolio companies other than Vertiv from time to time for which the Investment Banking Division of Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC has received, and may receive, compensation, including having acted as joint bookrunner with respect
to the offering by Husky IMS International Ltd. (“ Husky ”) of its 7.750% Senior Secured Notes due 2026 in
March 2018; as joint lead agent with respect to a bank loan for Husky in March 2018; as joint lead agent with respect to a
bank loan for Wyndham Worldwide Corporation’s European vacation rental business in April 2018; as joint lead agent with
respect to a bank loan for USS Ultimate Holdings, Inc. in July 2018; as financial advisor to Exterion Media Group with
respect to its sale in November 2018; and as bookrunning manager with respect to the public offering of 15,000,000 shares of
Class A Common Stock of Verra Mobility Corporation in June 2019. During the two year period ended December 10,
2019, Goldman Sachs has recognized compensation of approximately $40 million for financial advisory and/or underwriting
services provided by its Investment Banking Division to various portfolio companies of   Platinum
Equity, LLC, its sponsored funds and affiliated private equity vehicles (“ Platinum
Equity ”) . 

   

 During the two year period ended December 10,
2019, the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs has not been engaged by David M. Cote to provide financial advisory or underwriting
services for which Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC has recognized compensation. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC may also in the
future provide financial advisory and/or underwriting services to the Company, Vertiv Holdings,   Platinum
Equity Capital Partners III, L.P., Platinum Equity Capital Partners IV, L.P. and certain of their affiliates who beneficially own
shares of our Class A common stock (collectively, “ Platinum ”) , David M. Cote and their
respective affiliates and, as applicable, portfolio companies including portfolio companies of funds affiliated with Platinum,
for which the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs may receive compensation. 

   

 At the time of the Business Combination,
affiliates of Goldman Sachs were lenders to Vertiv under the Prior Term Loan Facility and Prior Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility,
with an aggregate of approximately $23.5 million and approximately $16.3 million outstanding to such affiliates in the Prior Term
Loan Facility and the Prior Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility, respectively at the time of the Business Combination. Vertiv
used a portion of the proceeds from the Business Combination, including the PIPE Investment, to repay approximately $1.29 billion
of the outstanding indebtedness under the Prior Term Loan Facility and $176 million of the outstanding indebtedness under the
Prior Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility and, as a result, such affiliates received their pro rata portion of such proceeds.
In addition, at the time of the Business Combination, affiliates of Goldman Sachs held an aggregate of approximately $180,000
of the Prior Notes. In connection with our refinancing transactions, on March 2, 2020, we amended and extended the maturity of
the Prior Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility and entered into the Term Loan Credit Agreement, with the borrowings thereunder
used to repay or redeem, as applicable, in full the Prior Term Loan Facility and the Prior Notes. See “ Item 1. Business—Recent
Developments .” 

   

 

 
       88   
       
     

   

 Vertiv Related Party Transactions  

   

 Services agreement  

   

 Vertiv Group was a party to a
corporate advisory services agreement (the “ Services Agreement ”), with Platinum Advisors. Under the terms
of the Services Agreement, Platinum Advisors provided to Vertiv Group and its subsidiaries certain corporate advisory
services. In consideration of these and other services, Vertiv Group paid an annual advisory fee to Platinum Advisors of no
greater than $15.0 million. In addition to the fees paid to Platinum Advisors pursuant to the Services Agreement, Vertiv
Group paid Platinum Advisors’ out-of-pocket expenses and costs paid to any person who is not managed by Platinum
Advisors and in whom Platinum Advisors does not have a pecuniary interest, in each case incurred in connection with providing
management services to Vertiv Group. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, Vertiv recorded $5.0 million and $5.0
million, respectively in charges related to the Services Agreement. Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018, Vertiv recorded $0.4 million and $0.9 million, respectively in charges related to other legal and consulting
services and $1.3 million related to the acquisition of Geist for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

   

 The corporate advisory services provided
under the agreement include, but are not limited to, advice on the following topics: general corporate, financing, financial planning,
management, administration, and commercial and marketing activities. 

   

 In addition, Platinum Advisors
received a transaction fee upon the closing of the Business Combination pursuant to a formula that is set out in the
corporate advisory services agreement. The amount of this fee was treated as a Company Transaction Expense under the Merger
Agreement, and so reduced the consideration that would otherwise have been paid to the Vertiv Stockholder. 

   

 The Services Agreement was terminated effective
upon the closing of the Business Combination. 

   

 Transactions with Affiliates of Platinum
Equity 

   

 Vertiv
also purchased and sold goods in the ordinary course of business with affiliates of Platinum Equity. For the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2018, purchases were $65.0 million and $56.6 million, respectively, sales were $0.4 million and $0.2
million, respectively, and accounts payable were $2.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively.  

   

 Employment of Family Members of Executive Officers  

   

 Certain family members of the Company’s
executive officers were employed by Vertiv during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, as set forth below. 

   

 Patrick Johnson serves as our  Executive
Vice President of Information Technology and Edge Infrastructure and previously serve d as Vertiv’s Executive
Vice President of Information Technology and Edge Infrastructure from November 2017 to the consummation of the Business
Combination. Patrick Johnson received total compensation of $1,070,197 and $450,539 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018, respectively. 

   

 Richard Johnson, the brother of Rob Johnson
and Patrick Johnson, serves as our Director of Global Strategic Clients and previously served as Vertiv’s Director of
Global Strategic Clients from February 2018 to the consummation of the Business Combination. Richard Johnson received total compensation
of $283,223 and $259,594 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

   

 Alexander Johnson, the son of Rob Johnson
and nephew of Patrick Johnson, serves as our Manager Channel Accounts CDW and previously served as Vertiv’s Manager Channel
Accounts CDW from April 2018 to the consummation of the Business Combination. Alexander Johnson received total compensation of
$227,015 and $141,387 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

   

 Related Party Policy  

   

 We have adopted a written policy on transactions
with “related persons,” defined in the policy as a director, executive officer, nominee for director, or greater than
5% beneficial owner of any class of the Company’s voting securities, and their immediate family members. For purposes of
this policy, a “related person transaction” is defined as any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which the
Company is a participant, the aggregate amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed $120,000 and in which a related person
had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. The Board, acting through those members of its audit committee who
are not interested in the transaction in question, will review related person transactions to determine whether the related person
transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. If, after any such review,
a related person transaction is determined to be in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company, then the related
person transaction may be approved or ratified according to the procedures in the policy. If advance audit committee approval of
a related person transaction requiring the audit committee’s approval is not practicable or desirable, then the chair of
the audit committee may approve or ratify a related person transaction. In addition, the policy provides standing pre-approval
for certain types of transactions that the audit committee has reviewed and determined shall be deemed pre-approved. 

   

 

 
       89   
       
     

   

 Director Independence 

   

 The rules of the
NYSE require that a majority of our Board be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally as a person
that, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly
or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We currently have five “independent
directors” as defined in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules. Our Board has determined that each of Roger Fradin, Robin
L. Washington, Joseph van Dokkum, Edward L. Monser and Steven S. Reinemund is an independent directors under applicable SEC and
NYSE rules. 

   

 
 
     Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
   

 Fees for professional services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm for the last two fiscal years include: 

   

 
 
         
           
         
 
         
     For the  Year ended  December 31,  2019     
     For the Year  ended  December 31,  2018   
 
     Audit Fees(1)   
     $ 65,000     
     $ 110,000   
 
     Audit-Related Fees(2)   
     $ 228,000     
     $ —   
 
     Tax Fees(3)   
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     All Other Fees(4)   
     $ —     
     $ —   
 
     Total   
     $ 293,000     
     $ 110,000   
 

   

 
 
     (1) 
     Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.  
 

   

 
 
     (2) 
     Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include fees for accounting consultations, other attestation services and registration statement filing. 
 
   

 
 
     (3) 
     Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice.  
 
   

 
 
     (4) 
     All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services including permitted due diligence services related potential business combination.  
 
   

 Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit
Services of the Independent Auditors  

   

 The
audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition
of this responsibility, the audit committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services
to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. 

   

 

 
       90   
       
     

   

 PART IV.  

   

 
 
     Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  
 
   

 
 
     (a) 
     The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See “ Item 8. Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ” herein.  
 
   

 
 
     (b) 
     
         Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits
        are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
           
 
   

 
 
       
       
       
 
     Exhibit 
 Number 
       
     Description 
 
       
       
 
     2.1 + 
       
     Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 10, 2019, by and among GS Acquisition Holdings Corp, Crew Merger Sub I LLC, Crew Merger Sub II LLC, Vertiv Holdings, LLC and VPE Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company’s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2020). 
 
       
       
 
     3.1* 
       
     Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Vertiv Holdings Co. 
 
       
       
 
     3.2* 
       
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of Vertiv Holdings Co. 
 
       
       
 
     4.1* 
       
     Specimen Unit Certificate. 
 
       
       
 
     4.2* 
       
     Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. 
 
       
       
 
     4.3 
       
     Warrant Agreement, dated June  7, 2018, by and among GS Acquisition Holdings Corp, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 13, 2018). 
 
       
       
 
     4.4* 
       
     Indenture, dated as of October 17, 2016, by and between Vertiv Group Corporation (f/k/a/ Cortes NPA Acquisition Corporation) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 
       
       
 
     4.5* 
       
     First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November  30, 2016, by and between Vertiv Group Corporation (f/k/a Cortes NP Acquisition Corporation), the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 
       
       
 
     4.6* 
       
     Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2017, by and Vertiv Group Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 
       
       
 
     4.7* 
       
     Indenture, dated as of February 9, 2017, by and between Vertiv Intermediate Holding Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 
       
       
 
     4.8* 
       
     First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2017, by and between Vertiv Intermediate Holding Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. 
 
       
       
       
 
     4.9** 
       
     Description of Securities of Vertiv Holdings Co. 
 
       
       
 
     10.1 
       
     Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2019). 
 
       
       
 
     10.2* 
       
     Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated February  7, 2020, by and among Vertiv Holdings Co, GS Sponsor LLC, Cote SPAC 1 LLC, James Albaugh, Roger Fradin, Steven S. Reinemund, VPE Holdings, LLC, GSAH Investors Emp LP, Atlanta Sons LLC and the other parties named therein. 

 
       
       
       
 
     10.3* 
       
     Stockholders Agreement, dated February 7, 2020, by and among Vertiv Holdings Co, GS Sponsor LLC, Cote SPAC 1 LLC and VPE Holdings, LLC. 
 
       
       
 
     10.4* 
       
     Tax Receivable Agreement, dated February 7, 2020, by and between Vertiv Holding Co and VPE Holdings, LLC. 
 
       
       
 
     10.5* 
       
     2020 Stock Incentive Plan of Vertiv Holdings Co and its Affiliates. 
 

   

 

 
       91   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.6** 
       
     Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan of Vertiv Holdings Co and its Affiliates. 
 
       
       
 
     10.7* * 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Special One-Time Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Award under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan of Vertiv Holdings Co and its Affiliates. 
 
       
       
 
     10.8* 
       
     Vertiv Holdings Co Executive Change of Control Plan. 
 
       
       
 
     10.9* 
       
     Vertiv Holdings Co Executive Employment Policy. 
 
       
       
 
     10.10* 
       
     Form of Executive Offer Letter. 
 
       
       
 
     10.11* 
       
     Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
       
       
 
     10.12 
       
     Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June  7, 2018, by and between Wilmington Trust, N.A. and GS Acquisition Holdings Corp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June  13, 2018). 
 
       
       
 
     10.13 
       
     Letter Agreement, dated June  7, 2018, by and among GS Acquisition Holdings Corp, GS DC Sponsor I LLC, GS Acquisition Holdings Corp’s officers and directors and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2018). 
 
       
       
 
     10.14* 
       
     Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of November  30, 2016, by and among Vertiv Intermediate Holding II Corporation (f/k/a Cortes NP Intermediate Holding II Corporation), Vertiv Group Corporation (f/k/a Cortes NP Acquisition Corporation), as borrower, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 
       
       
 
     10.15* 
       
     Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of March  17, 2017, by and among Vertiv Group Corporation, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other persons party thereto. 
 
       
       
 
     10.16* 
       
     Amendment No. 2 to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of November  1, 2017, by and among Vertiv Group Corporation, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other persons party thereto. 
 
       
       
 
     10.17* 
       
     Amendment No. 3 to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of September  28, 2018, by and among Vertiv Group Corporation, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other persons party thereto. 
 
       
       
 
     10.18* 
       
     Amendment No. 4 to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of January  14, 2020, by and among Vertiv Intermediate Holding II Corporation, Vertiv Group Corporation, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other persons party thereto. 
 
       
       

 
     10.19* 
       
     Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November  30, 2016, by and among Vertiv Intermediate Holding II Corporation (f/k/a Cortes NP Intermediate Holding II Corporation), Vertiv Group Corporation (f/k/a Cortes NP Acquisition Corporation), as lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the collateral agents party thereto. 
 
       
       
 
     10.20* 
       
     Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of September  28, 2018, by and among Vertiv Group Corporation, as lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other persons party thereto. 
 
   

 
 
     10.21* 
       
     Amendment No. 2 to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October  19, 2018, by and among Vertiv Intermediate Holding II Corporation, Vertiv Group Corporation, as lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 

   

 

 
       92   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.22* 
       
     Amendment No. 3 to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February  15, 2019, by and among Vertiv Intermediate Holding II Corporation, Vertiv Group Corporation, as lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the other credit parties party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other persons party thereto. 
 
       
       
 
     10.23* 
       
     Amendment No. 4 to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of January  14, 2020, by and among Vertiv Intermediate Holding II Corporation, Vertiv Group Corporation, as lead borrower, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other persons party thereto. 
 
       
       
 
     10.24* 
       
     Incremental Term Loan Commitment Agreement No. 1, dated as of December  22, 2017, by and among Vertiv Intermediate Holding II Corporation, Vertiv Group Corporation, as borrower, the other guarantors party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and incremental term lender. 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.25** 
       
     Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for Employees under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan of Vertiv Holdings Co and its Affiliates. 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.26** 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employees for Special One-Time Long- Term Incentive (LTI) Award under the 2020
Stock Incentive Plan of Vertiv Holdings Co and its Affiliates 
 
       
       
       
 
     16.1 
       
     Letter
of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, dated February 7, 2020, to the SEC regarding statements included in the Current Report on
Form 8-K/A and incorporated by reference herein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020) 
 
       
       
       
 
     21.1* 
       
     Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.1** 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.2** 
       
     Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.1** 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.2** 
       
     Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 

   

 
 
     101.INS** 
       
     XBRL Instance Document 
     
 
       
       
       
     
 
     101.SCH** 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
     
 
       
       
       
     
 
     101.CAL** 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
     
 
       
       
       
     
 
     101.DEF** 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 
     
 
       
       
       
     
 
     101.LAB** 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
     
 
       
       
       
     

 
     101.PRE** 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
     
 
   

 
 
     * 
     Filed under the same exhibit number as an exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on February 7, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.  
 
   

 
 
     ** 
     Filed herewith. 
 
   

 
 
     +   
     Certain schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby agrees to hereby furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the SEC upon request. 
 
   

 
 
     Item 16. 
     Form 10-K Summary.  
 
   

 None. 

   

 

 
       93   
       
     

   

 SIGNATURES  

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
 
       
     VERTIV
    HOLDINGS CO 
 
       
       
 
     Date:
March 11, 2020 
     By:    
     /s/ Rob Johnson 
 
       
       
     Rob Johnson 
 
       
       
     Chief Executive Officer 
 



   

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

   

 
 
     
           /s/ Rob Johnson 
           Rob Johnson  
     Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
     March 11, 2020 
 
       
       
       
 
     
           /s/ David J.
        Fallon 
           David J. Fallon  
     Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 
     March 11, 2020 
 
       
       
       
 
     
           /s/ Andrew S.
        Klaus 
           Andrew S. Klaus  
     Chief Accounting Officer 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 
     March 11, 2020 
 
       
       
       
 
     
           /s/ Joseph van
        Dokkum 
           Joseph van Dokkum  
     Director 
     March 11, 2020 
 
       
       
       
 
     
           /s/ Jacob Kotzubei 
           Jacob Kotzubei  
     Director 
     March 11, 2020 
 
       
       
       
 
     
           /s/ Matthew Louie 
           Matthew Louie  
     Director 
     March 11, 2020 
 
     
       
       
 
     
           /s/ Edward L.
        Monser 
           Edward L. Monser  
     Director 
     March 11, 2020 

 
   

   

 

 
       94   
     

   

 
 
 
 
