
 10-K
 1
 d641129d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
         UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
     FORM 10-K
       ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)    OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013  
  Commission File Number 001 - 32205  
     CBRE GROUP,
INC.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 94-3391143 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 
 
 
   400 South Hope Street, 25 th  Floor   Los Angeles,
California 
   
 90071 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   (213) 613-3333    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)    Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 


 
 Class A Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 N.A.  
     Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes   x     No   ¨ .  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to the Form 10-K.   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
   Large accelerated filer  x    
Accelerated filer  ¨    Non-accelerated filer  ¨    Smaller reporting company  ¨     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 As of June 28, 2013, the aggregate market value of Class A Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $7.7
billion based upon the last sales price on June 28, 2013 on the New York Stock Exchange of $23.36 for the registrant’s Class A Common Stock.    As of February 14, 2014, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding was 331,964,913.    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    Portions of the proxy statement for
the registrant’s 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 16, 2014 are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
       
   

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K  
     TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   PART I 
      
 
   Item 1. 
   
 Business 
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Item 1A.     
   
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 11 
    
 
   Item 1B. 
   
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 27 
    
 
   Item 2. 
   
 Properties 
    
   
 28 
    
 
   Item 3. 
   
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 28 
    
 
   Item 4. 
   
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 28 
    
 
 
 
 PART II 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
   
 Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 29 
    
 
   Item 6. 
   
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 32 
    
 
   Item 7. 
   
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 35 
    
 
   Item 7A. 
   
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 67 
    
 
   Item 8. 
   
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 70 
    
 
   Item 9. 
   
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 153 
    
 
   Item 9A. 
   
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 153 
    
 
   Item 9B. 
   
 Other Information  
    
   
 154 
    
 
 
 
 PART III 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
   
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 154 
    
 
   Item 11. 
   
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 154 
    
 
   Item 12. 
   
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 154 
    
 
   Item 13. 
   
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 155 
    
 
   Item 14. 
   
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 155 
    
 
 
 
 PART IV 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
   
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 155 
    
 
   Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
    
   
 156 
    
 
   Schedule III—Real Estate Investments and Accumulated Depreciation 
    
   
 157 
    
 
   SIGNATURES 
    
   
 160 
    
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
     Item 1. Business  
     Company Overview  
     CBRE Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, (which may be
referred to in this Form 10-K as the “company”, “we”, “us” and “our”) is the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, based on 2013 revenue, with leading full-service
operations in major metropolitan areas throughout the world. We offer a full range of services to occupiers, owners, lenders and investors in office, retail, industrial, multifamily and other types of commercial real estate. As of December 31,
2013, excluding independent affiliates, we operated in approximately 350 offices worldwide, with approximately 44,000 employees providing commercial real estate services under the “CBRE” brand name, investment management services under the
“CBRE Global Investors” brand name and development services under the “Trammell Crow” brand name. Our business is focused on several competencies, including commercial property and corporate facilities management, tenant/occupier
and property/agency leasing, property sales, real estate investment management, valuation, commercial mortgage origination and servicing, capital markets (structured finance and debt) solutions, development services and proprietary research. We
generate revenues from management fees on a contractual and per-project basis, and from commissions on transactions. Our contractual, fee-for-services businesses, which generally involve facilities management, property management, mortgage loan
servicing and investment management, represented approximately 41% of our 2013 revenue.        We generated revenue from a well-balanced, highly diversified base of clients. In 2013, our client roster included approximately 85 of the  Fortune 100  companies, and consisted of firms in a broad
range of industries as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   corporations (44%);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   insurance companies and banks (15%);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   pension funds and advisors (11%);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   individuals and partnerships (7%);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   real estate investment trusts, or REITs, (5%);  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   government agencies (4%); and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   others (14%).      
 Property owners, occupiers and investors continue to consolidate their needs with fewer service providers, and are awarding their business
to firms that have strong capabilities across major markets and service disciplines. We believe we are well positioned to capture a growing and disproportionate share of the business being awarded as a result of these trends.  
     In 2013, we were the highest ranked commercial real estate
services company among the  Fortune  Most Admired Companies, and were also named the Global Real Estate Advisor of the Year by  Euromoney . We have been the only commercial real estate services company included in the S&P 500 since
2006, and in the  Fortune 500  since 2008. Additionally, the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals has included us among the top 100 global outsourcing companies across all industries for eight consecutive years, including
in 2013 when we ranked fourth overall and were the highest ranked commercial real estate services company.        CBRE History        CBRE marked its 107 th  year of continuous operations in 2013, tracing our origins to a company founded in San Francisco in the aftermath of the 1906 earthquake. Since then, we have grown into the largest global commercial real
estate services and investment firm (in terms of 2013 revenue) through organic growth and a  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
series of strategic acquisitions, including the December 2006 purchase of Trammell Crow Company and the 2011 acquisition of substantially all of ING Group N.V.’s Real Estate Investment
Management (REIM) operations in Europe and Asia and its U.S.-based global real estate listed securities business (collectively referred to as the REIM Acquisitions). In 2013, we fortified our real estate outsourcing platform in Europe with the
acquisition of London-based Norland Managed Services Ltd (Norland). Norland is a premier provider of building technical engineering services that enables us to self-perform these services in Europe and adds to our expertise in the highly specialized
critical environments market.        We have also
historically enhanced and complemented our global capabilities through the acquisition of regional and specialty firms that are leaders in their areas of focus, including regional firms with which we had previous affiliate relationships. We
completed 10 such “in-fill” acquisitions in 2013 and they are an integral part of our growth strategy.        Our Regions of Operation and Principal Services      
 CBRE Group, Inc. is a holding company that conducts all of its operations through its indirect subsidiaries. CBRE Services, Inc., our
direct wholly-owned subsidiary, is also generally a holding company and is the primary obligor or issuer with respect to most of our long-term indebtedness.      
 We report our operations through the following segments: (1) Americas, (2) Europe, Middle East and Africa, or EMEA,
(3) Asia Pacific, (4) Global Investment Management and (5) Development Services.        Information regarding revenue and operating income or loss, attributable to each of our segments, is included in “Segment Operations” within the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section and within Note 21 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated herein by reference. Information concerning the identifiable assets of each of our business
segments is also set forth in Note 21 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.      
 The Americas      
 The Americas is our largest reporting segment, comprised of operations throughout the United States and Canada as well as key markets in
Latin America. Our operations are largely wholly-owned, but also include independent affiliates, which license the use of the “CBRE” and “CB Richard Ellis” names in their local markets in return for payments of annual royalty
fees to us and an agreement to cross-refer business between us and the affiliate.        Most of our operations are conducted through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE, Inc. Our mortgage loan origination, sales and servicing operations are conducted exclusively through our indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary operating under the name CBRE Capital Markets, Inc., or Capital Markets, and its subsidiaries. Our operations in Canada are conducted through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE Limited. Both CBRE Capital Markets and
CBRE Limited are subsidiaries of CBRE, Inc.        Our
Americas segment accounted for 62.7% of our 2013 revenue, 63.0% of our 2012 revenue and 62.2% of our 2011 revenue. Within our Americas segment, we organize our services into the following business areas:  
     Advisory Services  
     Our advisory services businesses offer occupier/tenant and
investor/owner services that meet the full spectrum of marketplace needs, including (1) real estate services, (2) capital markets and (3) valuation. Our advisory services business line accounted for 34.8% of our 2013 consolidated
worldwide revenue, 35.0% of our 2012 consolidated worldwide revenue and 34.5% of our 2011 consolidated worldwide revenue.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Within advisory services, our major service lines are the following:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Real Estate Services .  We provide strategic advice and execution to owners, investors and occupiers of real
estate in connection with leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. Our many years of strong local market presence have allowed us to develop significant repeat business from existing clients, including approximately 67% of our revenues from
existing U.S. real estate sales and leasing clients in 2013. This includes referrals from other parts of our business. Our real estate services professionals are particularly adept at aligning real estate strategies with client business objectives,
serving as advisors as well as transaction executors. We believe we are a market leader for the provision of sales and leasing real estate services in most top U.S. metropolitan statistical areas (as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau), including
Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Phoenix and San Francisco.      
 Our real estate services professionals are compensated primarily through commission-based programs, which are payable upon completion of
an assignment. Therefore, as compensation is our largest expense, this cost structure gives us flexibility to mitigate the negative effect on our operating margins during difficult market conditions. Due to the low barriers to entry and significant
competition for quality employees, we strive to retain top professionals through an attractive compensation program tied to productivity. We believe we invest in greater support resources than most other firms, including professional development and
training, market research and information, technology, branding and marketing. We also foster an entrepreneurial culture that emphasizes client service and rewards performance.  
     We further strengthen our relationships with our real estate
services clients by offering proprietary research to them through CBRE Research & Consulting and CBRE Econometric Advisors, or CBRE-EA, our commercial real estate market information and forecasting groups.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Capital Markets .   We offer clients fully integrated investment sales and debt/structured
financing services under the CBRE Capital Markets brand. The tight integration of these services fosters collaboration between our investment sales and debt/structured financing professionals, helping to meet the marketplace demand for comprehensive
capital markets solutions. During 2013, we concluded approximately $92.2 billion of capital markets transactions in the Americas, including $65.8 billion of investment sales transactions and $26.4 billion of mortgage loan originations and sales.
       We believe our Investment
Properties business, which includes office, industrial, retail, multifamily and hotel properties, is the leading investment sales property advisor in the United States, with a market share of approximately 17% in 2013. Our mortgage brokerage
business originates, sells and services commercial mortgage loans primarily through relationships established with investment banking firms, national banks, credit companies, insurance companies, pension funds and government agencies. In the United
States, our mortgage loan origination volume in 2013 was $23.2 billion, representing an increase of approximately 21% from 2012. Approximately $7.8 billion of loans in 2013 were originated for federal government-sponsored entities, most of which
were financed through revolving credit lines dedicated exclusively for this purpose. We substantially mitigate the principal risk associated with loans financed through these credit lines prior to closing by either obtaining a contractual purchase
commitment from the government-sponsored entity or confirming a forward-trade commitment for the issuance and purchase of a mortgage-backed security that will be secured by the loan. We advised on the sale of approximately $2.5 billion of mortgages
on behalf of financial institutions in 2013, compared with $2.0 billion in 2012. In 2013, GEMSA Loan Services, a joint venture between CBRE Capital Markets and GE Capital Real Estate, serviced approximately $111.5 billion of mortgage loans, $76.5
billion of which related to the servicing rights of CBRE Capital Markets.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Valuation .  We provide valuation services that include market value appraisals, litigation
support, discounted cash flow analyses and feasibility and fairness opinions. Our valuation business has developed proprietary systems for data management, analysis and valuation report preparation, which
 
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
we believe provides us with an advantage over our competitors. We believe that our valuation business is one of the largest in the industry. During 2013, we completed over 48,000 valuation,
appraisal and advisory assignments in the Americas.        Outsourcing Services        Outsourcing commercial real estate services is a long-term trend in our industry, with corporations, institutions, public sector entities, health care providers and others seeking to achieve improved
efficiency, better execution and lower costs by relying on the expertise of third-party real estate specialists. Two of our service offerings seek to capitalize on the outsourcing trend: (1) occupier outsourcing, which we provide through our
Global Corporate Services business line, and (2) property management, which we provide through our Asset Services business line. Agreements with our occupier outsourcing clients, which are generally occupiers of space, are typically long-term
arrangements with penalties for early termination. Our management agreements with our property management clients, which are owners/investors in real estate, may be terminated with notice generally ranging between 30 to 90 days; however, we have
developed long-term relationships with many of these clients and we work closely with them to implement their specific goals and objectives and to preserve and expand upon these relationships. As of December 31, 2013, we managed approximately
1.7 billion square feet of commercial space for property owners and occupiers in the Americas, which we believe represents one of the largest portfolios in the region. Our outsourcing services business line accounted for 27.9% of our 2013
consolidated worldwide revenue, 28.0% of our 2012 consolidated worldwide revenue and 27.7% of our 2011 consolidated worldwide revenue.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Occupier Outsourcing .  Through our Global Corporate Services business line, we provide a
comprehensive suite of services to occupiers of real estate, including portfolio and transaction management, project management, facilities management and strategic consulting. We enter into multi-year, multi-service outsourcing contracts with our
clients, but also provide services on a one-off assignment or a short-term contract basis. The long-term, contractual nature of these relationships enables us to devise and execute real estate strategies that support our clients’ overall
business strategies. Our clients include leading global corporations, health care providers and public sector entities with large, geographically-diverse real estate portfolios. Project management services are typically provided on a portfolio-wide
or programmatic basis. Revenues for project management include fixed management fees, variable fees, and incentive fees if certain agreed-upon performance targets are met. Revenues may also include reimbursement of payroll and related costs for
personnel providing the services. Facilities management involves the day-to-day management of client-occupied space and includes headquarter buildings, regional offices, administrative offices, data centers and other critical facilities, and
manufacturing and distribution facilities. We identify best practices, implement technology solutions and leverage our resources to control clients’ facilities costs and enhance the workplace environment. Contracts for facilities management
services are typically structured so we receive reimbursement of client-dedicated personnel costs and associated overhead expenses plus a monthly fee, and in some cases, annual incentives if agreed-upon performance targets are satisfied. In general,
portfolio and transaction services contribute revenue on a transaction basis; project management and facilities management contribute contractual, or per-project, revenue and strategic consulting services contribute both transaction and contractual
revenue.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Property Management .  Through our Asset Services business line, we provide property management services on a
contractual basis for owners/investors in office, industrial and retail properties. These services include construction management, marketing, leasing, accounting and financial services. We provide these services through an extensive network of real
estate experts in major markets throughout the United States. These local specialists are supported by a strategic accounts team whose function is to help ensure quality service and to maintain and expand relationships with large institutional
clients, including buyers, sellers and landlords who need to lease, buy, sell and/or finance space. We believe our contractual relationships with these clients put us in an advantageous position to provide other services to them, including
refinancing, disposition and appraisal. We typically receive monthly management fees for the asset services we provide based upon a specified percentage of the monthly rental income or
 
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
rental receipts generated from the property under management, or in certain cases, the greater of such percentage fee or a minimum agreed-upon fee. We are also normally reimbursed for our
administrative and payroll costs, as well as certain out-of-pocket expenses, directly attributable to the properties under management.      
 Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)  
     Our Europe, Middle East and Africa, or EMEA, reporting
segment operates in 40 countries with services primarily furnished through a number of indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. The largest operations are located in France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom. Our operations in
these countries generally provide a full range of services to the commercial property sector. Additionally, we provide some residential property services, focused on the prime and super-prime segments of the market, primarily in France, Spain and
the United Kingdom. Within EMEA, our services are organized along the same lines as in the Americas, including brokerage, investment properties, occupier outsourcing, valuation/appraisal services, asset management services and facilities management,
among others. In addition, the acquisition of Norland in December 2013 enables us to self-perform building technical engineering services in Europe. Our EMEA segment accounted for 16.9% of our 2013 revenue, 15.8% of our 2012 revenue and 18.2% of our
2011 revenue.        In France, we believe we are a
market leader in Paris and also have operations in Aix en Provence, Bagnolet, Bordeaux, Lille, Lyon, Marseille, Montreuil, Montrouge, Saint Denis and Toulouse. Our German operations are located in Berlin, Cologne, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt,
Hamburg and Munich. Our presence in Italy includes operations in Milan, Modena, Rome and Turin. Our operations in the Netherlands are located in Amsterdam, the Hague and Rotterdam. In Spain, we provide full-service coverage through our offices in
Barcelona, Madrid, Marbella, Palma de Mallorca, Valencia and Zaragoza. We are one of the leading commercial real estate services companies in the United Kingdom. We have held the leading market position in investment sales in the United Kingdom in
each of the past six years, including in 2013. In London, we provide a broad range of commercial property real estate services to investment and occupier clients, and held the leading market position for space acquisition in 2013 for the fourth year
in a row. We also have regional offices in Birmingham, Bristol, Coleshill, Jersey, Leeds, Liverpool, Luton, Manchester, Sheffield, Southampton and Thames Valley as well as offices in Aberdeen, Belfast, Dublin, Edinburgh and Glasgow managed by our
U.K. team.        In several countries in EMEA, we
operate through independent affiliates that provide commercial real estate services under our brand name. Our agreements with these independent affiliates include licenses to use the “CBRE” and “CB Richard Ellis” names in the
relevant territory in return for payments of annual royalty fees to us. In addition, these agreements also include business cross-referral arrangements between us and our affiliates.        Asia Pacific  
     Our Asia Pacific reporting segment operates in 13 countries
with services primarily furnished through a number of indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. We believe that we are one of only a few companies that can provide a full range of real estate services to large occupiers and investors throughout the
region, similar to the broad range of services provided by our Americas and EMEA segments. Our principal operations in Asia are located in China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam. In addition, we have agreements
with independent affiliates in Cambodia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand that generate royalty fees and support cross-referral arrangements similar to our EMEA segment. The Pacific region includes Australia and New Zealand, with principal
offices located in Adelaide, Brisbane, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth, Sydney, Auckland, Christchurch and Wellington. Our Asia Pacific segment accounted for 12.2% of our 2013 revenue, 12.6% of our 2012 revenue and 13.4% of our 2011 revenue.  
     Global Investment Management  
     Operations in our Global Investment Management reporting
segment are conducted through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE Global Investors, LLC and its global affiliates, which we also refer to as CBRE  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Global Investors. CBRE Global Investors provides investment management services to pension funds, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, foundations, endowments and other institutional
investors seeking to generate returns and diversification through investment in real estate. It sponsors investment programs that span the risk/return spectrum across three continents: North America, Europe and Asia. In some strategies, CBRE Global
Investors and its investment teams co-invest with its limited partners. Our Global Investment Management segment accounted for 7.5% of our 2013 revenue, 7.4% of our 2012 revenue and 4.9% of our 2011 revenue.  
     CBRE Global Investors’ investment programs are organized
into four primary categories, which include direct real estate investments through separate accounts and sponsored equity and debt funds as well as indirect real estate investments through listed securities and multi manager funds of funds. The
investment programs cover the full range of risk strategies from core/core+ to opportunistic. Operationally, dedicated investment teams execute each investment program within these categories, with the team’s compensation being driven largely
by the investment performance of its particular strategy/fund. This organizational structure is designed to align the interests of team members with those of the firm and its investor clients/partners and to enhance accountability and performance.
Dedicated teams are supported by shared resources such as accounting, finance, legal, information technology, investor services and research. CBRE Global Investors has an in-house team of research professionals who focus on investment strategy,
underwriting and forecasting, based in part on market data from our advisory services group.        CBRE Global Investors closed approximately $4.2 billion and $3.9 billion of new acquisitions in 2013 and 2012, respectively. It liquidated $8.9 billion and $4.7 billion of investments in 2013 and 2012,
respectively. Assets under management have increased from $14.4 billion at December 31, 2003 to $89.1 billion at December 31, 2013, representing an approximately 20% compound annual growth rate.  
     As of December 31, 2013, our portfolio of consolidated
real estate held for investment consisted of two multifamily/residential properties located in the United States. Included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations were rental revenues (which are included in revenue) and expenses
(which are included in operating, administrative and other expenses) relating to operational real estate properties, excluding those reported as discontinued operations, of $9.8 million and $5.3 million, respectively, for the year ended
December 31, 2013, $20.2 million and $18.4 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2012 and $32.8 million and $14.2 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2011.  
     Development Services  
     Operations in our Development Services reporting segment are
conducted through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Trammell Crow Company, LLC and certain of its subsidiaries, providing development services primarily in the United States to users of and investors in commercial real estate, as well as for its
own account. Trammell Crow Company pursues opportunistic, risk-mitigated development and investment in commercial real estate across a wide spectrum of property types, including industrial, office and retail properties; healthcare facilities of all
types (medical office buildings, hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers); and residential/mixed-use projects. Our Development Services segment accounted for 0.7% of our 2013 revenue, 1.2% of our 2012 revenue and 1.3% of our 2011 revenue.
       Trammell Crow Company acts as the manager of
development projects, providing services that are vital in all stages of the process, including: (i) site identification, due diligence and acquisition; (ii) evaluating project feasibility, budgeting, scheduling and cash flow analysis;
(iii) procurement of approvals and permits, including zoning and other entitlements; (iv) project finance advisory services; (v) coordination of project design and engineering; (vi) construction bidding and management as well as
tenant finish coordination; and (vii) project close-out and tenant move coordination.        Trammell Crow Company may pursue development and investment activity on behalf of its user and investor clients (with no ownership), in partnership with its clients (through co-investment – either on
an  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
individual project basis or through programs with certain strategic capital partners) or for its own account (100% ownership). Development activity in which Trammell Crow Company has an ownership
interest is conducted through subsidiaries that are consolidated or unconsolidated for financial reporting purposes, depending primarily on the extent and nature of our ownership interest.        As of December 31, 2013, our portfolio of consolidated real estate consisted of land, industrial, office
and retail properties and mixed-use projects. These projects are geographically dispersed throughout the United States. Included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations were rental revenues (which are included in revenue) and
expenses (which are included in operating, administrative and other expenses) relating to these operational real estate properties, excluding those reported as discontinued operations, of $14.5 million and $6.4 million, respectively, for the year
ended December 31, 2013, $35.4 million and $17.1 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2012 and $41.1 million and $20.7 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2011.  
     At December 31, 2013, Trammell Crow Company had $4.9
billion of development projects in process. Additionally, the inventory of pipeline deals (prospective projects we believe have a greater than 50% chance of closing or where land has been acquired and the projected construction start date is more
than twelve months out) was $1.5 billion at December 31, 2013.      
 Competition      
 We compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate industry, including commercial property and
corporate facilities management, occupier and property/agency leasing, property sales, valuation, real estate investment management, commercial mortgage origination and servicing, capital markets (structured finance and debt) solutions, development
services and proprietary research. Each business discipline is highly competitive on an international, national, regional and local level. Although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2013 revenue, our
relative competitive position varies significantly across markets, property types and services. Depending on the geography, property type or service, we face competition from other commercial real estate service providers that compete with us on a
local, regional, national or global basis or within a market segment; outsourcing companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have recently expanded their offerings; in-house corporate real
estate departments and property owners/developers that self-perform real estate services; investment banking firms, investment managers and developers that compete with us to raise and place investment capital; and accounting/consulting firms that
advise on real estate strategies. Some of these firms may have greater financial resources than we do. Despite recent consolidation, the commercial real estate services industry remains highly fragmented and competitive. Although many of our
competitors are substantially smaller than us, some of them are larger on a local or regional basis or have a stronger position in a market segment. In addition, it is also possible that two or more of our competitors could combine to create a much
larger and more formidable global competitor. Among our primary competitors are other large multi-national firms, such as Cushman & Wakefield, Jones Lang LaSalle, FirstService Corporation (the publicly traded parent of Colliers
International), Savills and DTZ; national firms such as Newmark Grubb Knight Frank and Cassidy Turley; market-segment specialists, such as HFF and Eastdil Secured; and large global firms that compete with our outsourcing business, such as Johnson
Controls, Inc.        Seasonality  
     A significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which an
investor should keep in mind when comparing our financial condition and results of operations on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tends to be lower in the
first two quarters and higher in the third and fourth quarters of each year. Earnings and cash flow have historically been particularly concentrated in the fourth quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior
to calendar year-end. This has historically resulted in lower profits or a loss in the first quarter, with revenue and profitability improving in each subsequent quarter.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Employees      
 At December 31, 2013, excluding our independent affiliates, we had approximately 44,000 employees worldwide, approximately 40% of
which represent costs that are fully reimbursed by clients and are mostly in our outsourcing services lines of business. At December 31, 2013, 946 of our employees were subject to collective bargaining agreements, most of whom are on-site
employees in our asset services business in California, Illinois, New Jersey and New York. We believe that relations with our employees are generally good.      
 Intellectual Property      
 We hold various trademarks and trade names worldwide, which include the “CBRE” name. Although we believe our intellectual
property plays a role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve, we do not believe we would be materially, adversely affected by expiration or termination of our trademarks or trade names or the loss of any of
our other intellectual property rights other than the “CBRE,” “CB Richard Ellis” and “Trammell Crow” names. With respect to the CBRE and CB Richard Ellis names, we maintain trademark registrations for these service
marks in jurisdictions where we conduct significant business. We obtained our most recent U.S. trademark registrations for the CBRE and CB Richard Ellis related marks in 2005, and these registrations would expire in 2015 if we failed to renew
them.        We hold a license to use the “Trammell
Crow” trade name pursuant to a license agreement with CF98, L.P., an affiliate of Crow Realty Investors, L.P., d/b/a Crow Holdings, which may be revoked if we fail to satisfy usage and quality control covenants under the license agreement.
       In addition to trade names, we have developed
proprietary technologies for the provision of complex services and analysis through our global outsourcing business and for preparing and developing valuation reports for our clients through our valuation business. We also offer proprietary research
to clients through our CBRE-EA research unit and we offer proprietary investment analysis and structures through CBRE Global Investors. While we seek to secure our rights under applicable intellectual property protection laws in these and any other
proprietary assets that we use in our business, we do not believe any of these other items of intellectual property are material to our business in the aggregate.  
     Environmental Matters  
     Federal, state and local laws and regulations in the
countries in which we do business impose environmental liabilities, controls, disclosure rules and zoning restrictions that affect the ownership, management, development, use, or sale of commercial real estate. Certain of these laws and regulations
may impose liability on current or previous real property owners or operators for the cost of investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property, including contamination resulting from
above-ground or underground storage tanks or the presence of asbestos or lead at a property. If contamination occurs or is present during our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable for such costs as a current
“operator” of a property, regardless of the legality of the acts or omissions that caused the contamination and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. The operator
of a site also may be liable under common law to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from exposure to hazardous substances or environmental contamination at a site, including liabilities arising from exposure to asbestos-containing
materials. Under certain laws and common law principles, any failure by us to disclose environmental contamination at a property could subject us to liability to a buyer or lessee of the property. Further, federal, state and local governments in the
countries in which we do business have enacted various laws, regulations, and treaties governing environmental and climate change, particularly for “greenhouse gases,” which seek to tax, penalize, or limit their release. Such regulations
could lead to increased operational or compliance costs over time.        While we are aware of the presence or the potential presence of regulated substances in the soil or groundwater at or near several properties owned, operated or managed by us that may have resulted from
 
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
historical or ongoing activities on those properties, we are not aware of any material noncompliance with the environmental laws or regulations currently applicable to us, and we are not the
subject of any material claim for liability with respect to contamination at any location. However, these laws and regulations may discourage sales and leasing activities and mortgage lending with respect to some properties, which may adversely
affect both us and the commercial real estate services industry in general. Environmental contamination or other environmental liabilities may also negatively affect the value of commercial real estate assets held by entities that are managed by our
investment management and development services businesses, which could adversely affect the results of operations of these business lines.      
 Available Information      
 Our internet address is  www.cbre.com . We use our website as a channel of distribution for Company information, and financial and
other material information regarding us is routinely posted and accessible on our website.        On the Investor Relations page on our website, we post the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. We also make available through our website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including reports filed by our officers and directors under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.        All of
the information on our Investor Relations web page is available to be viewed free of charge. Information contained on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless we are required to do so by law.  
     A copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is available
without charge upon written request to: Investor Relations, CBRE Group, Inc., 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10166. The SEC also maintains an Internet site ( www.sec.gov ) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.        Item 1A. Risk Factors      
 Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed
below identify the material risk factors affecting our business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to
be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.        The success of our business is significantly related to general economic conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by economic
slowdowns, liquidity crises, fiscal uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities.  
     Many of the world’s largest economies and financial
institutions continue to be affected by ongoing global economic and financial issues, with some continuing to face financial difficulty, fiscal uncertainty, pressure on asset prices, liquidity problems and limited availability of credit, made worse
in certain areas by increased unemployment or limited economic growth. It is uncertain how long these effects will last, or whether economic  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
and financial trends in those areas, particularly in Europe, will worsen or improve. The current economic situation may be exacerbated if additional negative geo-political or economic
developments, natural disasters or other disruptions were to arise.        Periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values,
disruption to the global capital or credit markets, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines.        Our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the principal markets
where we operate, which can result in a general decline in real estate acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of commercial real estate and in rents, which in turn reduces revenue from property
management fees and commissions derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. Our capital markets business could also suffer from any political or
economic disruption that affects interest rates or liquidity. In addition, we could experience a reduction in the amount of fees we earn in our Global Investment Management business if our assets under management decrease or those assets fail to
perform as anticipated. These economic conditions could also lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in existing commercial real estate assets and properties planned for development.  
     Our development and investment strategy often entails making
relatively modest co-investments alongside our investor clients. Our ability to conduct these activities depends in part on the supply of investment capital for commercial real estate and related assets. During an economic downturn, investment
capital is usually constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or selling prices may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced, and we
could realize losses or diminished profitability. In addition, economic downturns may reduce the amount of loan originations and related servicing by our commercial mortgage brokerage business.  
     Performance of our asset services line of business partially
depends upon the performance of the properties we manage because our fees are generally based on a percentage of aggregate rent collections from these properties. The performance of these properties may be affected by many factors which are
partially or completely outside of our control, including: (i) real estate and financial market conditions prevailing generally and locally; (ii) our ability to attract and retain creditworthy tenants, particularly during economic
downturns; and (iii) the magnitude of defaults by tenants under their respective leases, which may increase during distressed conditions.      
 For example, during 2008 and 2009, credit became severely constrained and prohibitively expensive, and real estate market activity
contracted sharply in most markets around the world as a result of the global financial crisis and the deep economic recession. These adverse macro conditions affected commercial real estate services companies like ours by significantly hampering
transaction activity and lowering real estate valuations. Similar to other commercial real estate services firms, our transaction volumes fell during 2008 and most of 2009, and as a result, our stock price declined significantly. If the economic and
market conditions that prevailed in 2008 and 2009 were to return, our business performance and profitability could again deteriorate.      
 Most recently, in the United States, continued uncertainty over fiscal and tax policy has caused, and may continue to cause, our clients
to delay or cancel commercial real estate transactions which may affect our revenues. The economic situation in Europe remains unstable, arising from the various austerity policies and continuing credit restrictions. If the nascent recovery in
certain European economies does not gain traction, or if conditions remain unstable or worsen, our revenues may be adversely affected.      
 Fiscal uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial markets and business environment, and in the global
political, security and competitive landscape, make it increasingly difficult for us  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
to predict our revenue and earnings into the future. As a result, any revenue or earnings guidance or outlook, which we have given or might give, may be overtaken by events, or may otherwise turn
out to be inaccurate. Though we endeavor to give reasonable estimates of future revenue and earnings at the time we give such guidance based on then-current conditions, there is a significant risk that such guidance or outlook will turn out to be,
or to have been, incorrect.        Adverse
developments in the credit markets may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.      
 Our Global Investment Management, Development Services and Capital Markets (including investment property sales and debt and structured
financing services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as marketplace liquidity. Additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the
commercial real estate market.        Disruptions in the
credit markets may adversely affect our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to procure credit on
favorable terms, there may be fewer completed leasing transactions, dispositions and acquisitions of property. In addition, if purchasers of commercial real estate are not able to procure favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition
opportunities for our funds and projects, our Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses will be unable to generate incentive fees, and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if the disruption causes a
permanent decline in the value of investments made.      
 In 2008 and 2009, the credit markets experienced a disruption of unprecedented magnitude. This disruption reduced the availability and
significantly increased the cost of most sources of funding. In some cases, these sources were eliminated. While the credit market has improved since the second half of 2009, liquidity remains constrained. This uncertainty may lead market
participants to continue to act more conservatively, which may amplify decreases in demand and pricing in the markets we serve.      
 Our goodwill and other intangible assets could become further impaired, which may require us to take significant non-cash charges
against earnings.        Under current
accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such
analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, which charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders’ equity and our stock price. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2013, we
recorded a non-amortizable intangible asset impairment of $98.1 million in our Global Investment Management segment. This non-cash write-off was related to a decrease in value of our open-end funds, primarily in Europe. These funds have experienced
a decline in assets under management, as the business mix shifts toward separate accounts, consistent with market movements following the extended financial crisis in Europe, which has resulted in project sales and planned liquidations of certain
funds. A significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, could result in
the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely
affect our results of operations.        Our
success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees (including those acquired through acquisitions).  
     Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of
our executive officers and other key employees, including Robert E. Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sulentic and certain  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
other key employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant
amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees (including those acquired through acquisitions), or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to
quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. Competition for these personnel is intense and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain
sufficiently qualified personnel. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified support personnel in all areas of our business, including brokerage and property and investment
management personnel. We use equity incentives to help retain and incentivize many of our key personnel. Any significant decline in, or failure to grow, our stock price may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. If we are unable
to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer.      
 Our international operations subject us to social, political and economic risks of doing business in foreign countries.
       We conduct a significant portion of our
business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. During 2013, we generated approximately 39% of our revenue from operations outside the
United States. With the REIM Acquisitions, the footprint of our Global Investment Management business significantly expanded, particularly in Europe and Asia, and with the acquisition of Norland, our Global Corporate Services business will expand
significantly in Europe. Additional circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following factors:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   currency restrictions, transfer pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits to the
United States;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   arbitrary adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws,  e.g. , with respect to corrupt practices, employment and
licensing;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, particularly in Europe, which is undergoing economic stagnation
following its sovereign debt crisis;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a tendency for clients to delay payments in some European and Asian countries;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   political and economic instability in certain countries; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries such as China.  
     Although we maintain anti-corruption and anti-money
laundering compliance programs throughout the company, violations of our compliance programs may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material monetary fines, penalties, equitable remedies (including disgorgement), and other costs
against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business.        We have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in selected markets and to develop local sales and support
channels. If we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed.  
     Our revenue and earnings may be adversely affected by
foreign currency fluctuations.        Our
revenue from non-U.S. operations is denominated primarily in the local currency where the associated revenue was earned. During 2013, approximately 39% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies, the majority of which included the Euro, the
British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Chinese yuan, the Hong Kong dollar, the Japanese yen, the Singapore dollar, the Australian dollar and the Indian rupee. Our Global Investment Management business has a significant amount of
Euro-denominated assets under management as well as associated revenue and earnings in Europe, which continues to experience economic stagnation that may result in deterioration in the value of the Euro against the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in our assets under management, revenue and earnings.      
 Over time, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and the Euro relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate
fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the Euro may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations.  
     From time to time, our management uses currency hedging
instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts and borrows in foreign currencies. There can be no assurance that these hedging instruments will be available when needed. Additionally, economic risks associated with these
hedging instruments include unexpected fluctuations in inflation rates, which affect cash flow, and unexpected changes in the underlying net asset position.      
 Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not be available in the future or perform as expected.
       A significant component of our growth has
occurred through acquisitions, including the REIM Acquisitions that we completed in the second half of 2011 and our acquisition of Norland in 2013. Any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of
suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions, which may not be available to us, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. We may incur significant additional debt from
time to time to finance any such acquisitions, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our then-existing indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our
then-existing debt, would increase. Acquisitions involve risks that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may
involve significant transaction-related expenses, which include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others.      
 We have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other
companies. This could result in the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or those of the acquired operations. The integration process itself may be disruptive to our
business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of new accounting and information technology systems. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net
income. Acquisitions also frequently involve significant costs related to integrating information technology, accounting and management services and rationalizing personnel levels.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The anticipated benefits of the REIM Acquisitions, Norland acquisition and other
acquisitions we make may not be realized as we contemplated.        We completed the REIM Acquisitions as well as other acquisitions (such as the acquisition of Norland) with the expectation that such acquisitions would result in various benefits, including, among others,
enhanced revenues, a strengthened market position, cross-selling opportunities and operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the REIM Acquisitions and other acquisitions will be subject to a number of uncertainties, including the
realization of accretive benefits in the timeframe anticipated. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which
could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.        Our revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our Global Investment Management business can vary significantly as a result of market developments.  
     With the completion of the REIM Acquisitions, our Global
Investment Management business significantly increased and became more globally diverse. With the addition of the REIM funds, a substantial part of our fees are more recurring in nature. However, the revenue, net income and cash flow generated
by our Global Investment Management business are all somewhat variable, primarily due to the fact that management, transaction and incentive fees can vary as a result of market movements from one period to another. 
     The pace at which the real estate markets worldwide turned
from positive to negative starting in 2007 and continuing into 2009 is an example of the market volatility to which we are subject and over which we have no control. The underlying market conditions, decisions regarding the acquisition and
disposition of fund and separate account assets, and the specifics of client mandates will cause the amount of asset management, transaction and incentive fees to vary from one product to another. 
     A substantial part of our fees are based upon the value of
the assets we manage, and if asset values deteriorate, our asset management fees will decline as a result. Our acquisition and disposition fees can decline as a result of delay in the deployment of capital or limited market liquidity. We also earn
incentive fees tied to portfolio performance, which fees may decline if there is a downturn in real estate markets and we fail to meet benchmarks or absolute return hurdles. Finally, during periods of economic weakness, recession or stagnation,
existing and prospective clients in our Global Investment Management business may be less able or willing to commit new funds to real estate investments, which are inherently less liquid than many competing investment classes, thereby inhibiting the
ability of our Global Investment Management business to raise new funds. Additionally, investors with open commitments to provide additional investment could become less able or willing to honor their financial commitments and/or seek to
renegotiate the terms of their commitments or the fees that they are obligated to pay. To the extent that clients in our Global Investment Management business seek to avoid paying fees they are obligated to pay, or seek to avoid deploying capital
that has been committed, we could experience a decrease in collection of fees and interruptions to our client relationships and business.      
 Our real estate investment and co-investment activities subject us to real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in
earnings and cash flow.        An important part
of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves co-investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2013, we had
committed $9.4 million to fund future co-investments, $8.1 million of which is expected to be funded during 2014. In addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our
subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. The failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as
well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. Participating as a co-investor is a very important part of our Global Investment
 
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Management business, which would suffer if we were unable to make these investments. Although our debt instruments contain restrictions that limit our ability to provide capital to the entities
holding direct or indirect interests in co-investments, we may provide this capital in many instances.      
 Selective investment in real estate projects is an important part of our Development Services business strategy, and there is an inherent
risk of loss of our investment. As of December 31, 2013, we had approximately 15 consolidated real estate projects with invested equity of $2.8 million and $4.0 million of notes payable on real estate that are recourse to us (in addition to
being recourse to the single-purpose entity that holds the real estate asset and is the primary obligor on the note payable). In addition, at December 31, 2013, we were involved as a principal (in most cases, co-investing with our clients) in
approximately 50 unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $80.3 million and had committed additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $25.0 million. We also guaranteed notes payable of these unconsolidated
subsidiaries of $3.2 million, excluding guarantees for which we have outstanding liabilities accrued on our consolidated balance sheet.      
 During the ordinary course of our Development Services business, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to
complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. While we generally have “guaranteed maximum price”
contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these guarantees (which are intended to pass most of the risk to such contractors), there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such
guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
     Because the disposition of a single significant investment
can affect our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could increase fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. In many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments
and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee.        Poor performance of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages would cause a decline in our revenue, net income and cash flow and could adversely affect our
ability to raise capital for future programs.        In the event that any of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could decline because the value of the
assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on
co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. Investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and
maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance.        Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable.  
     Our debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose,
and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   plan for or react to market conditions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our
interest, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   paying dividends or making distributions on or repurchases of capital stock;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   repurchasing equity interests or debt;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the payment of dividends or other amounts to us;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   making investments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   transferring or selling assets, including the stock of subsidiaries;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   engaging in transactions with affiliates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   issuing subsidiary equity or entering into consolidations and mergers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   creating liens; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   entering into sale/leaseback transactions.      
 Our credit agreement currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) to total
interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) of 4.25x. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot
give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. For example, we experienced a decline in EBITDA during the economic downturn in 2008 to 2009, which negatively affected our minimum coverage ratio and maximum leverage ratio.
However, we significantly reduced our cost structure during 2008 and 2009, and, as a result of these cost reductions as well as renewed growth in our business, we were and continue to be well within compliance with the minimum coverage ratio and the
maximum leverage ratio under our credit agreement. Our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was 8.97x for the year ended December 31, 2013 and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.43x as of
December 31, 2013. We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement.      
 A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default
under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our
credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right
to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which collateral is described in the immediately following risk factor. If the debt under our credit agreement were to be accelerated, we cannot give assurance that this
collateral would be sufficient to repay our debt. In addition, such a breach under our credit agreement could trigger a cross default under our other debt instruments, including the notes under our indentures.  
     If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations
under our credit agreement, the lenders under such credit agreement could foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets.      
 Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our
credit agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our U.S. subsidiaries and 65% of the capital stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. In addition, in connection with any amendment to our credit agreement, we may
need to grant additional collateral to the lenders. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right to proceed against this pledged capital stock and take control of substantially
all of our assets.  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our substantial leverage and debt service obligations could harm our ability to
operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants and make payments on our debt.      
 We are highly leveraged and have significant debt service obligations. Our credit agreement currently provides for a $1.2 billion
revolving credit facility; a $500.0 million tranche A term loan facility; and a $215.0 million tranche B term loan facility. As of December 31, 2013, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally nonrecourse to us)
and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was approximately $2.0 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our
interest expense was approximately $135.1 million. Our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, or other amounts due in respect of, our indebtedness. In
addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our indebtedness. If we incur additional
debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase. If we are required to seek an amendment to our credit agreement, our debt service obligations may be substantially increased.  
     Our debt could have other important consequences, which
include, but are not limited to, the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is used to pay principal and interest on our debt;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because the loans under our credit agreement generally bear interest at floating rates;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our leverage could increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions, placing us at a
disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate
services industry;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness could result in an event of
default that, if not cured or waived, results in foreclosure on substantially all of our assets; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures
and other general corporate requirements.        From time to time, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., rate our significant outstanding debt. These
ratings and any downgrades thereof may affect our ability to borrow under any new agreements in the future, as well as the interest rates and other terms of any future borrowings, and could also cause a decline in the market price of our
Class A common stock in addition to our outstanding debt instruments.        We cannot be certain that our earnings will be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have sufficient earnings, we may be required to
seek to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell more securities, none of which we can guarantee that we will be able to do and which, if accomplished, may adversely affect our stock price.  
     We have limited restrictions on the amount of
additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness.  
     Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by
our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur in connection with the financing of our development activities, and we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to
decrease the amount of  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
equity we invest in these activities. Subject to certain covenants in our various bank credit agreements, we are also not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt CBRE Capital Markets
may incur in connection with funding loan originations for multifamily properties having prior purchase commitments by a government sponsored entity.      
 If we experience defaults by multiple clients or counterparties, it could adversely affect our business.  
     We could be adversely affected by the actions and
deteriorating financial condition and results of operations of certain of our clients or counterparties if that led to losses or defaults by one or more of them, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.        Any of our clients may
experience a downturn in their business that may weaken their results of operations and financial condition. As a result, a client may fail to make payments when due, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any client bankruptcy or insolvency, or
the failure of any client to make payments when due, could result in losses to our company. A client bankruptcy would delay or preclude full collection of amounts owed to us. Additionally, certain occupier outsourcing and property management client
agreements require that we advance payroll and other vendor costs on behalf of clients. If such a client were to file bankruptcy or otherwise fail, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for those costs or for the severance obligations we would
incur as a result of the loss of the client.        The
bankruptcy or insolvency of a significant counterparty (which may include co-brokers, lenders, insurance companies, hedging counterparties, service providers or other organizations with which we do business), or the failure of any significant
counterparty to perform its contractual commitments, may result in disruption to our business or material losses to our company.      
 Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personally identifiable and client
information, could adversely affect us.      
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and
reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personally identifiable information of our
employees and contractors, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure
may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personally identifiable data, whether
by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in
significant costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our services, which could
adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position. Additionally, we increasingly rely on third-party data storage providers, including cloud storage solution providers, resulting in less direct control over our data. Such third
parties may also be vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security systems, which could adversely affect us and our reputation.      
 Interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to
effectively provide our services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results.      
 Our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. Our ability
to conduct our global business may be adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or infrastructure. Our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
damage or disruption from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of
war or terrorism, or other events which are beyond our control. In addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no
certainty of uninterrupted availability. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, and we may
not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel. We have disaster recovery plans and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be
sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to
conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be adversely affected.      
 The infrastructure disruptions we describe above may also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect
the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients. The buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world’s largest office properties and retail centers, are used by numerous people daily. As a result, fires,
earthquakes, floods, other natural disasters, defects and terrorist attacks can result in significant loss of life, and, to the extent we are held to have been negligent in connection with our management of the affected properties, we could incur
significant financial liabilities and reputational harm.        Our business relies significantly on the use of commercial real estate data. We produce much of this data internally, but a significant portion is purchased from third-party providers for which there is
no certainty of uninterrupted availability. A disruption of our ability to provide data to our professionals and/or our clients could damage our reputation, and our operating results could be adversely affected.  
     We are subject to substantial litigation risks and may
face significant liabilities and/or damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity.      
 As a licensed real estate broker, we and our licensed employees are subject to regulatory due diligence, disclosure and standard-of-care
obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations could subject us or our employees to litigation from parties who purchased, sold or leased properties that we or they brokered or managed. We could become subject to claims by participants in real
estate sales, as well as building owners and companies for whom we provide management services, alleging that we did not fulfill our regulatory and fiduciary obligations.  
     In addition, in our property management business, we hire and
supervise third-party contractors to provide construction services for our managed properties. While our role is limited to that of an agent for the owner, we may be subject to claims for construction defects or other similar actions.  
     The advice and services we render in our financial and
valuation advisory businesses, the investment decisions we make in our Global Investment Management business and the activities of our investment banking and investment management professionals for or on behalf of our clients may subject them and us
to the risk of third-party litigation. Such litigation may arise from client or investor dissatisfaction with the performance of our programs, differences between actual values and appraised values, and a variety of other litigation claims,
including allegations that we improperly exercised judgment, discretion, control or influence over client investments or that we breached fiduciary duties to clients. For example, in our valuation and appraisal business, if market dynamics lead to a
reduction in the market value of properties we have previously appraised, we may be subject to a higher risk of claims, including conflicts of interest claims, based on the circumstances of valuations previously issued. Our valuation and
appraisal services involve transactions where the value of the transaction is much greater than the fees we generate. As a result, the consequences of errors that lead to damages might be disproportionately large in relation to the fees generated in
the event our contractual protections or our insurance coverage are inadequate to protect us fully.  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  To the extent investors in our programs suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross
negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment programs or funds or our employees under the federal securities law and state law. Moreover, we are exposed to risks of litigation or
investigation by investors and regulators relating to allegations of our having engaged in transactions involving conflicts of interest that were not properly addressed.  
     Although some of these litigation risks may be mitigated by
the commercial insurance we maintain in amounts we believe are appropriate, in the event of a substantial loss, our commercial insurance coverage and/or self-insurance reserve levels might not be sufficient to pay the full damages, the scope of
available coverage may not cover certain types of claims, or such insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms. Further, the value of otherwise valid claims we hold under insurance policies could become uncollectible in the
event of the covering insurance company’s insolvency, notwithstanding that we seek to limit this risk by placing our commercial insurance only with highly-rated companies. Any of these events could negatively affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations.        We depend on
our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients across our overall business, as well as investors for our Global Investment Management business. As a result,
allegations by private litigants or regulators of conflicts of interest or improper conduct by us, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us or our investment
activities, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and damage our business prospects both in our Global Investment Management business and our other global businesses. In addition, if any lawsuits were brought against us and resulted in a
finding of substantial legal liability, it could materially, adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could materially impact our business.  
     A failure to appropriately deal with actual or
perceived conflicts of interest could adversely affect our businesses.        Our company has a global platform with different business lines and a broad client base and is therefore subject to numerous potential, actual or perceived conflicts of interests in the provision of
services to our existing and potential clients. For example, conflicts may arise from our position as broker to both owners and tenants in commercial real estate lease transactions. We have adopted various policies, controls and procedures to
address or limit actual or perceived conflicts, but these policies and procedures may not be adequate and may not be adhered to by our employees. Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be
damaged and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and manage potential conflicts of interest, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, it is possible that in some jurisdictions regulations could be changed to limit our ability to act for parties where conflicts exist even with informed consent, which could limit our market share in those markets.
There can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could cause material harm to us.      
 Our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve unique risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized,
could harm our business.        We have utilized
joint ventures for commercial investments and local brokerage and other affiliations both in the United States and internationally, and we may acquire minority interests in other joint ventures in the future. Under our affiliate program, we enter
into contractual relationships with local brokerage, property management or other operations pursuant to which we license our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for economic participation in transactional activity. In many
of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action contrary to our instructions or
requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business,
results of operations and financial condition.      
 We have numerous significant competitors and potential future competitors, some of which may have greater financial and operational
resources than we do.        We compete across a
variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services industry, including commercial property and corporate facilities management, occupier and property/agency leasing, property sales, valuation, real estate investment
management, commercial mortgage origination and servicing, capital markets (structured finance and debt) solutions, development services and proprietary research. Although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms
of 2013 revenue, our relative competitive position varies significantly across geographies, property types and services and business lines. Depending on the geography, property type or service or business line, we face competition from other
commercial real estate service providers and investment firms, including outsourcing companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have recently expanded their offerings, in-house corporate real
estate departments, developers, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers, and accounting and consulting firms. Some of these firms may have greater financial resources than we do. In addition, future
changes in laws could lead to the entry of other competitors, such as financial institutions. Although many of our competitors are local or regional firms and are substantially smaller than us, some of these competitors are larger on a local or
regional basis. We are also subject to competition from other large national and multi-national firms that have similar service and investment competencies to ours. It is also possible that two or more of our competitors could combine to create a
much larger and more formidable global competitor. In general, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share.  
     A significant portion of our operations are
concentrated in California and our business could be harmed if there was an economic downturn in the California real estate markets.      
 During 2013, approximately 10% of our revenue was generated from transactions originating in California. As a result of the geographic
concentration in California, economic downturns in the California commercial real estate market, similar to recent downturns experienced in California, and particularly in the local economies in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties, could harm
our results of operations and disproportionately affect our business as compared to competitors who have less or different geographic concentrations.      
 We operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes. Changes in tax rules or the outcome of tax assessments and
audits could adversely affect our results.      
 We operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes, and are subject to different forms of taxation resulting in a
variable effective tax rate. In addition, from time to time we engage in transactions that involve different tax jurisdictions. Due to the different tax laws in the many jurisdictions where we operate, we are often required to make subjective
determinations. The tax authorities in the various jurisdictions where we carry on business may not agree with the determinations that are made by us with respect to the application of tax law. Such disagreements could result in disputes and,
ultimately, in the payment of additional funds to the government authorities of foreign and local jurisdictions where we carry on business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, changes in tax rules or
the outcome of tax assessments and audits could have an adverse effect on our results in any particular quarter.      
 Our estimate of tax related assets, liabilities, recoveries and expenses incorporates assumptions. These assumptions include, but are not
limited to, the tax laws in various jurisdictions, the effect of tax treaties between jurisdictions, taxable income projections, and the benefits of various restructuring plans. To the extent that such assumptions differ from actual results, we may
have to record additional income tax expenses and liabilities.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We are subject to the possibility of loss contingencies arising out of tax claims,
assessments related to uncertain tax positions and provisions for specifically identified income tax exposures. There are currently tax audits ongoing in certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in resolving potential tax claims that arise from these audits. Although we have recorded provisions on the basis of the best current understanding, we could be required to book additional provisions in future periods for amounts that
cannot be assessed at this stage. Our failure to do so and/or the need to increase our provisions for such claims could have an adverse effect on our financial position.  
     If the assets in our defined benefit pension plans are
not sufficient to meet the plans’ obligations, we may be required to make cash contributions to it and our liquidity may be adversely affected.      
 Our subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom maintain two contributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to
existing and former employees participating in the plans. With respect to these plans, our historical policy has been to contribute annually, an amount to fund pension cost as actuarially determined and as required by applicable laws and
regulations. Our contributions to these plans are invested and, if these investments do not perform in the future as well as we expect, we will be required to provide additional funding to cover any shortfall. The underfunded status of our defined
benefit pension plans included in pension liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, which are incorporated herein by reference, was $68.0 million and $63.5 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. If the assets in
our defined benefit pension plans continue to be insufficient to meet the plans’ obligations, we may be required to make substantial cash contributions preventing the use of such cash for other purposes and adversely affecting our
liquidity.       If we fail to maintain and
protect our intellectual property, or infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, our business could be harmed and we could incur financial penalties.  
     Our business depends, in part, on our ability to identify and
protect proprietary information and other intellectual property (such as our service marks, client lists and information, business methods and research). Existing laws, or the application of those laws, of some countries in which we operate may
offer only limited protections for our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, non-disclosure and other contractual arrangements, and on copyright, trademark and other intellectual property
laws to protect our intellectual property rights. Our inability to detect unauthorized use or take appropriate or timely steps to enforce our rights may have an adverse effect on our business.        We cannot be sure that the intellectual property that we may use in the course of operating our business or the
services we offer to clients does not infringe on the rights of third parties, and we may have infringement claims asserted against us or against our clients. These claims may harm our reputation, cost us money and prevent us from offering some
services.        Confidential intellectual property is
increasingly stored or carried on mobile devices, such as laptop computers, which makes inadvertent disclosure more of a risk in the event the mobile devices are lost or stolen and the information has not been adequately safeguarded or encrypted.
       Our businesses, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by new laws or regulations or by changes in existing laws or regulations or the application thereof. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us, including in our
role as a real estate broker, registered investment advisor, mortgage broker, property/facility manager or developer, we may incur significant financial penalties.  
     We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S.
laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business. Brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision of property management and valuation services require us to maintain applicable licenses in each U.S.
state and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we perform these services. If we fail to maintain our licenses or conduct these  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions received
or have our licenses suspended or revoked. A number of our services, including the services provided by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, CBRE Capital Markets and CBRE Global Investors, are subject to regulation by the SEC, FINRA or other
self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. We could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to claimed noncompliance with
these regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.        We are also subject to laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities, environmental and employment laws, including the Fair Labor Standards Act, occupational health and safety regulations and
state wage-and-hour laws. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of significant fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants and significant amounts paid in legal fees or settlements of
these matters.        As the size and scope of our
business has increased significantly during the past several years, both the difficulty of ensuring compliance with numerous licensing and other regulatory requirements and the possible loss resulting from non-compliance have increased. The global
economic crisis has resulted in increased government and legislative activities, including the introduction of new legislation and changes to rules and regulations, which we expect will continue into the future. New or revised legislation or
regulations applicable to our business, both within and outside of the United States, as well as changes in administrations or enforcement priorities may have an adverse effect on our business, including increasing the costs of regulatory compliance
or preventing us from providing certain types of services in certain jurisdictions or in connection with certain transactions or clients. We are unable to predict how any of these new laws, rules, regulations and proposals will be implemented or in
what form, or whether any additional or similar changes to laws or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. Any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an
adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.        We may be subject to environmental liability as a result of our role as a property or facility manager or developer of real estate.        Various laws and regulations impose liability on real property owners or operators for the cost of
investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property. In our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable as an operator for such costs. This liability may be
imposed without regard to the legality of the original actions and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. If we fail to disclose environmental issues, we could also be liable
to a buyer or lessee of a property. If we incur any such liability, our business could suffer significantly as it could be difficult for us to develop or sell such properties, or borrow funds using such properties as collateral. In the event of a
substantial liability, our insurance coverage might be insufficient to pay the full damages, or the scope of available coverage may not cover certain of these liabilities. Additionally, liabilities incurred to comply with more stringent future
environmental requirements could adversely affect any or all of our lines of business.        Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements        This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The
words “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “should,” “propose,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,”
“predict,” “project,” “will” and similar terms and phrases are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to identify forward-looking statements. Except for historical information contained herein, the matters addressed in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to analyses and other information  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to our future prospects, developments and business strategies.  
     These forward-looking statements are made based on our
management’s expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our
control. These uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.  
     The following factors are among those, but are not only
those, that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the sustainability of the recovery in our investment sales and leasing business in light of continuing European sovereign debt issues, the stagnant
economy in many European countries as well as fiscal uncertainty in the United States;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   disruptions in general economic and business conditions, particularly in geographies where our business may be concentrated;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   volatility and disruption of the securities, capital and credit markets, interest rate increases, the cost and availability of capital for investment
in real estate, clients’ willingness to make real estate or long-term contractual commitments and other factors affecting the value of real estate assets, inside and outside the United States, particularly Europe, which is experiencing
sovereign debt issues;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to control costs relative to revenue growth;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to retain and incentivize producers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to identify, acquire and integrate synergistic and accretive businesses;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   costs and potential future capital requirements relating to businesses we may acquire;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   integration challenges arising out of companies we may acquire;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   continued high levels of, or increases in, unemployment and general slowdowns in commercial activity;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   variations in historically customary seasonal patterns that cause our business not to perform as expected;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   trends in pricing and risk assumption for commercial real estate services;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to diversify our revenue model to offset cyclical economic trends in the commercial real estate industry;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   foreign currency fluctuations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to attract new user and investor clients;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to retain major clients and renew related contracts;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the weakened financial condition of certain of our clients;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a reduction by companies in their reliance on outsourcing for their commercial real estate needs, which would affect our revenues and operating
performance;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   client actions to restrain project spending and reduce outsourced staffing levels;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in tax laws in the United States or in other jurisdictions in which our business may be concentrated that reduce or eliminate deductions or
other tax benefits we receive;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to maintain our effective tax rate at or below current levels;  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to compete globally, or in specific geographic markets or business segments that are material to us;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to leverage our global services platform to maximize and sustain long-term cash flow;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to maintain EBITDA margins that enable us to continue investing in our platform and client service offerings;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our exposure to liabilities in connection with real estate advisory and property management activities and our ability to procure sufficient insurance
coverage on acceptable terms;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to manage fluctuations in net earnings and cash flow, which could result from poor performance in our investment programs, including our
participation as a principal in real estate investments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the ability of our Global Investment Management business to realize values in investment funds sufficient to offset incentive compensation expense
related thereto, and the ability of that business to maintain and grow assets under management, and any potential related litigation, liabilities or reputational harm possible if we fail to do so;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to comply with laws and regulations related to our global operations, including real estate licensure, labor and employment laws and
regulations, as well as the anti-corruption laws of the U.S. and other countries;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our leverage and our ability to perform under our credit facilities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   liabilities under guarantees, or for construction defects, that we incur in our Development Services business;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the ability of CBRE Capital Markets to periodically amend, or replace, on satisfactory terms, the agreements for its warehouse lines of credit;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   declines in lending activity of Government Sponsored Enterprises, regulatory oversight of such activity and our mortgage servicing revenue from the
U.S. commercial real estate mortgage market;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effect of significant movements in average cap rates across different property types;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effect of implementation of new accounting rules and standards; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the other factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, included under the headings “Risk Factors”, “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” or as described in the other documents and reports we file with the SEC.
       Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date the statements are made. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in
other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect
to those or other forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these and other risks and uncertainties is contained in our other periodic filings with the SEC.  
     Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
       Not applicable.  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 2. Properties  
     We occupied the following offices, excluding affiliates, as
of December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Location 
    
 Sales Offices 
   
    
 Corporate Offices 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Americas 
    
   
 159 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 161 
    
 
   Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) 
    
   
 106 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 107 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 81 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 345 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 349 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Some of our offices that
contain employees of our Global Investment Management or our Development Services segments also contain employees of our other business segments. Often, the employees of these segments occupy separate suites in the same building in order to operate
the businesses independently with standalone offices. We have provided above office totals by geographic region and not listed all of our Global Investment Management and Development Services offices to avoid double counting.  
     In general, these leased offices are fully utilized. The most
significant terms of the leasing arrangements for our offices are the length of the lease and the rent. Our leases have terms varying in duration. The rent payable under our office leases varies significantly from location to location as a result of
differences in prevailing commercial real estate rates in different geographic locations. Our management believes that no single office lease is material to our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we believe there is
adequate alternative office space available at acceptable rental rates to meet our needs, although adverse movements in rental rates in some markets may negatively affect our profits in those markets when we enter into new leases. We do not own any
offices, which is consistent with our strategy to lease instead of own.        Item 3. Legal Proceedings      
 We are a party to a number of pending or threatened lawsuits arising out of, or incident to, our ordinary course of business. Our
management believes that any losses in excess of the amounts accrued arising from such lawsuits are remote, but that litigation is inherently uncertain and there is the potential for a material adverse effect on our financial statements if one or
more matters are resolved in a particular period in an amount in excess of that anticipated by management.        Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures      
 Not applicable.  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
     Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities        Stock Price Information        Our Class A common stock has traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CBG” since June 10, 2004. The applicable high and low prices of our Class A common stock for
the last two fiscal years, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, are set forth below for the periods indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Price Range 
   
 
   Fiscal Year 2013 
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   Quarter ending March 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 25.45 
    
    
 $ 
 19.78 
    
 
   Quarter ending June 30, 2013 
    
 $ 
 25.69 
    
    
 $ 
 20.59 
    
 
   Quarter ending September 30, 2013 
    
 $ 
 24.50 
    
    
 $ 
 21.24 
    
 
   Quarter ending December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 26.58 
    
    
 $ 
 21.86 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal Year 2012 
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   Quarter ending March 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 21.16 
    
    
 $ 
 15.56 
    
 
   Quarter ending June 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 20.46 
    
    
 $ 
 15.09 
    
 
   Quarter ending September 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 20.89 
    
    
 $ 
 14.97 
    
 
   Quarter ending December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 20.55 
    
    
 $ 
 16.86 
    
       The closing share price for
our Class A common stock on December 31, 2013, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange, was $26.30. As of February 14, 2014, there were 298 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock.  
     Dividend Policy  
     We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on any class
of our common stock since our inception on February 20, 2001, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to reduce debt and
finance future growth. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors that the board of
directors deems relevant. In addition, our ability to declare and pay cash dividends is restricted by the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility and senior secured term loan facilities.  
     Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  
     On December 23, 2013, we issued an aggregate of 362,916
shares of non-vested Class A common stock to certain members of senior management of Norland Managed Services Ltd (Norland) in connection with our acquisition of Norland. These shares may not be directly or indirectly transferred until December 2018
and are subject to forfeiture if the holder thereof terminates employment with us prior to such date (with certain exceptions). These securities qualified for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act,
since the issuance of securities by us did not involve a public offering. The offering was not a “public offering” as defined in Section 4(2) due to the number of persons involved in the transaction, size of the offering, manner of
the offering and number of securities offered. In addition, these shareholders had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(2) since they agreed to and received share certificates bearing a legend stating that such securities
are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these securities would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a “public offering.” Based on an analysis of the
above factors, we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for this transaction.      
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities      
 None.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Stock Performance Graph  
     The following graph shows our cumulative total stockholder
return for the period beginning December 31, 2008 and ending on December 31, 2013. The graph also shows the cumulative total returns of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index, or S&P 500 Index, in which we are included,
and an industry peer group.        The comparison below
assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2008 in our Class A common stock and in each of the indices shown and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. Our stock price performance shown in the following graph is not indicative of
future stock price performance.        The industry peer
group is comprised of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (JLL), a global commercial real estate services company publicly traded in the United States, as well as the following companies that have significant commercial real estate or real estate
capital markets businesses within the United States or globally, that in each case are publicly traded in the United States or abroad: BGC Partners (BGCP), which is the publicly traded parent of Newmark Grubb Knight Frank; HFF, L.P. (HF);
FirstService Corporation (FRSV), which is the publicly traded parent of Colliers International; Johnson Controls, Inc. (JCI); Savills plc (SVL.L, traded on the London Stock Exchange); and UGL Limited (UGL, traded on the Australian Stock Exchange),
which is the publicly traded parent of DTZ. These companies are or include divisions with business lines reasonably comparable to some or all of ours, and which represent our primary competitors.  
     


 
  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 (1) 
 $100 invested on 12/31/08 in stock or index-including reinvestment of dividends.  
     Fiscal year ending December 31.  
   
 
 
   
 (2) 
   Copyright © 
2014 Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved. (www.researchdatagroup.com/S&P.htm)  
   
 
 
   
 (3) 
 Peer group contains companies with the following ticker symbols: JLL, HF, BGCP, FSRV, JCI, SVL.L (London) and UGL (Australia).  
     This graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by
any general statement incorporating by reference this Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act or under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that CBRE Group specifically incorporates this information by reference, and shall not otherwise
be deemed filed under such Acts.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 6. Selected Financial Data  
     The following table sets forth our selected historical
consolidated financial information for each of the five years in the period ended December 31, 2013. The statement of operations data, the statement of cash flows data and the other data for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011
and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 were derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The statement of operations data, the statement of cash flows data and the other
data for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 were derived from our audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this  Form 10-K.       
 The selected financial data presented below is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations and should be read in
conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the information included under the headings “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 (1) 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
   


 
   STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 $ 
 7,184,794 
    
   
 $ 
 6,514,099 
    
   
 $ 
 5,905,411 
    
   
 $ 
 5,115,316 
    
   
 $ 
 4,165,820 
    
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 616,128 
    
   
   
 585,081 
    
   
   
 462,862 
    
   
   
 446,379 
    
   
   
 241,842 
    
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 6,289 
    
   
   
 7,643 
    
   
   
 9,443 
    
   
   
 8,416 
    
   
   
 6,129 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 135,082 
    
   
   
 175,068 
    
   
   
 150,249 
    
   
   
 191,151 
    
   
   
 189,146 
    
 
   Write-off of financing costs 
   
   
 56,295 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 18,148 
    
   
   
 29,255 
    
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
   
 321,798 
    
   
   
 304,156 
    
   
   
 240,435 
    
   
   
 141,689 
    
   
   
 (27,638 
 )  
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
   
   
 26,997 
    
   
   
 631 
    
   
   
 49,890 
    
   
   
 14,320 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 348,795 
    
   
   
 304,787 
    
   
   
 290,325 
    
   
   
 156,009 
    
   
   
 (27,638 
 )  
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 
   
   
 32,257 
    
   
   
 (10,768 
 )  
   
   
 51,163 
    
   
   
 (44,336 
 )  
   
   
 (60,979 
 )  
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
   
 316,538 
    
   
   
 315,555 
    
   
   
 239,162 
    
   
   
 200,345 
    
   
   
 33,341 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   EPS (2): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 0.95 
    
   
 $ 
 0.97 
    
   
 $ 
 0.73 
    
   
 $ 
 0.61 
    
   
 $ 
 0.12 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
   
 0.01 
    
   
   
 0.01 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
   
   
 0.03 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 0.96 
    
   
 $ 
 0.98 
    
   
 $ 
 0.75 
    
   
 $ 
 0.64 
    
   
 $ 
 0.12 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 0.94 
    
   
 $ 
 0.96 
    
   
 $ 
 0.72 
    
   
 $ 
 0.60 
    
   
 $ 
 0.12 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
   
 0.01 
    
   
   
 0.01 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
   
   
 0.03 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 0.95 
    
   
 $ 
 0.97 
    
   
 $ 
 0.74 
    
   
 $ 
 0.63 
    
   
 $ 
 0.12 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 328,110,004 
    
   
   
 322,315,576 
    
   
   
 318,454,191 
    
   
   
 313,873,439 
    
   
   
 277,361,783 
    
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 331,762,854 
    
   
   
 327,044,145 
    
   
   
 323,723,755 
    
   
   
 319,016,887 
    
   
   
 279,995,081 
    
 
   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS DATA: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
 $ 
 745,108 
    
   
 $ 
 291,081 
    
   
 $ 
 361,219 
    
   
 $ 
 616,587 
    
   
 $ 
 213,645 
    
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (464,994 
 )  
   
   
 (197,671 
 )  
   
   
 (480,255 
 )  
   
   
 (62,503 
 )  
   
   
 (119,362 
 )  
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (866,281 
 )  
   
   
 (100,689 
 )  
   
   
 711,325 
    
   
   
 (784,222 
 )  
   
   
 476,768 
    
 
   OTHER DATA: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   EBITDA (3) 
   
 $ 
 982,883 
    
   
 $ 
 861,621 
    
   
 $ 
 693,261 
    
   
 $ 
 647,467 
    
   
 $ 
 372,079 
    
 
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2010 
   
    
 2009 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   BALANCE SHEET DATA: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 491,912 
    
    
 $ 
 1,089,297 
    
    
 $ 
 1,093,182 
    
    
 $ 
 506,574 
    
    
 $ 
 741,557 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 6,998,414 
    
    
   
 7,809,542 
    
    
   
 7,219,143 
    
    
   
 5,121,568 
    
    
   
 5,039,406 
    
 
   Long-term debt, including current portion 
    
   
 1,840,680 
    
    
   
 2,427,605 
    
    
   
 2,472,686 
    
    
   
 1,428,322 
    
    
   
 2,120,803 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate (4) 
    
   
 130,472 
    
    
   
 326,012 
    
    
   
 372,912 
    
    
   
 627,528 
    
    
   
 551,277 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 5,062,408 
    
    
   
 6,127,730 
    
    
   
 5,801,980 
    
    
   
 4,055,773 
    
    
   
 4,255,111 
    
 
   Total CBRE Group, Inc. stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 1,895,785 
    
    
   
 1,539,211 
    
    
   
 1,151,481 
    
    
   
 908,215 
    
    
   
 629,122 
    
     
 
 
 Note: 
 We have not declared any cash dividends on common stock for the periods shown.  
 
 
 (1) 
 In 2011, we acquired the majority of the real estate investment management business of Netherlands-based ING Group N.V. (ING). The acquisitions included substantially
all of ING’s Real Estate Investment Management (REIM) operations in Europe and Asia as well as substantially all of Clarion Real Estate Securities (CRES), its U.S.-based global real estate listed securities business (collectively referred to as
ING REIM) along with certain CRES co-investments from ING and additional interests in other funds managed by ING REIM Europe and ING REIM Asia. On July 1, 2011, we completed the acquisition of CRES for $332.8 million and CRES co-investments
from ING for an aggregate amount of $58.6 million. On October 3, 2011, we completed the acquisition of ING REIM Asia for $45.3 million and three ING REIM Asia co-investments from ING for an aggregate amount of $13.9 million. On October 31,
2011, we completed the acquisition of ING REIM Europe for $441.5 million and one co-investment from ING for $7.4 million. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we also funded nine additional co-investments for an aggregate amount of $34.5
million related to ING REIM Europe. The results for the year ended December 31, 2011 include the operations of CRES, ING REIM Asia and ING REIM Europe from July 1, 2011, October 3, 2011 and October 31, 2011, respectively,
the dates each respective business was acquired.  
 
 
 (2) 
 EPS represents earnings per share. See Earnings Per Share information in Note 18 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this
Annual Report.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $7.9 million, $5.6 million, $14.1 million and $16.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, 2011
and 2010, respectively.        EBITDA
represents earnings before net interest expense, write-off of financing costs, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Our management believes EBITDA is useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our
industry because the calculation of EBITDA generally eliminates the effects of financing and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending and acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill and intangibles created
from acquisitions. Such items may vary for different companies for reasons unrelated to overall operating performance. As a result, our management uses EBITDA as a measure to evaluate the operating performance of our various business segments and
for other discretionary purposes, including as a significant component when measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive programs. Additionally, we believe EBITDA is useful to investors to assist them in getting a more complete
picture of our results from operations.        However,
EBITDA is not a recognized measurement under GAAP and when analyzing our operating performance, readers should use EBITDA in addition to, and not as an alternative for, net income as determined in accordance with GAAP. Because not all companies use
identical calculations, our presentation of EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Furthermore, EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow for our management’s discretionary use, as it does
not consider certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. The amounts shown for EBITDA also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our debt instruments, which are further adjusted to reflect
certain other cash and non-cash charges and are used to determine compliance with financial covenants and our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt and making certain restricted payments.  
     EBITDA is calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2010 
   
    
 2009 
   


 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
 $ 
 315,555 
    
    
 $ 
 239,162 
    
    
 $ 
 200,345 
    
    
 $ 
 33,341 
    
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization (i) 
    
   
 191,270 
    
    
   
 170,905 
    
    
   
 116,930 
    
    
   
 108,962 
    
    
   
 99,473 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 98,129 
    
    
   
 19,826 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Interest expense (ii) 
    
   
 138,379 
    
    
   
 176,649 
    
    
   
 153,497 
    
    
   
 192,706 
    
    
   
 189,146 
    
 
   Write-off of financing costs 
    
   
 56,295 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 18,148 
    
    
   
 29,255 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes (iii) 
    
   
 188,561 
    
    
   
 186,333 
    
    
   
 193,115 
    
    
   
 135,723 
    
    
   
 26,993 
    
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 6,289 
    
    
   
 7,647 
    
    
   
 9,443 
    
    
   
 8,417 
    
    
   
 6,129 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (iv) 
    
 $ 
 982,883 
    
    
 $ 
 861,621 
    
    
 $ 
 693,261 
    
    
 $ 
 647,467 
    
    
 $ 
 372,079 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
   
 (i) 
 Includes depreciation and amortization related to discontinued operations of $0.9 million, $1.3 million, $1.2 million and $0.6 million for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
 
 
   
 (ii) 
 Includes interest expense related to discontinued operations of $3.3 million, $1.6 million, $3.2 million and $1.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
 
 
   
 (iii) 
 Includes provision for income taxes related to discontinued operations of $1.3 million, $1.0 million, $4.0 million and $5.4 million for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively.  
 
 
   
 (iv) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $7.9 million, $5.6 million, $14.1 million and $16.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, 2011
and 2010, respectively.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Notes payable on real estate disclosed here includes the current and long-term portions of notes payable on real estate as well as notes payable included in liabilities
related to real estate and other assets held for sale.  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations        Overview  
     We are the world’s largest commercial real estate
services and investment firm, based on 2013 revenue, with leading full-service operations in major metropolitan areas throughout the world. We offer a full range of services to occupiers, owners, lenders and investors in office, retail, industrial,
multifamily and other types of commercial real estate. As of December 31, 2013, excluding independent affiliates, we operated in approximately 350 offices worldwide, with approximately 44,000 employees providing commercial real estate services
under the “CBRE” brand name, investment management services under the “CBRE Global Investors” brand name and development services under the “Trammell Crow” brand name. Our business is focused on several competencies,
including commercial property and corporate facilities management, tenant/occupier and property/agency leasing, property sales, real estate investment management, valuation, commercial mortgage origination and servicing, capital markets (structured
finance and debt) solutions, development services and proprietary research. We generate revenue from management fees on a contractual and per-project basis, and from commissions on transactions. In 2013, we were the highest ranked commercial real
estate services company among the  Fortune  Most Admired Companies, and were also named the Global Real Estate Advisor of the Year by  Euromoney . We have been the only commercial real estate services company included in the S&P 500
since 2006, and in the  Fortune 500  since 2008. Additionally, the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals has included us among the top 100 global outsourcing companies across all industries for eight consecutive years,
including in 2013 when we ranked fourth overall and were the highest ranked commercial real estate services company.      
 When you read our financial statements and the information included in this section, you should consider that we have experienced, and
continue to experience, several material trends and uncertainties that have affected our financial condition and results of operations that make it challenging to predict our future performance based on our historical results. We believe that the
following material trends and uncertainties are crucial to an understanding of the variability in our historical earnings and cash flows and the potential for continued variability in the future:  
     Macroeconomic Conditions  
     Economic trends and government policies affect global and
regional commercial real estate markets as well as our operations directly. These include: overall economic activity and employment growth, interest rate levels, the cost and availability of credit and the impact of tax and regulatory policies.
Periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, decreasing demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit
markets, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines. The severe global economic downturn and financial market crisis in 2008 and 2009 had significant
adverse effects on our operations, materially lowering both our fees from property and facilities management and valuations, and our commissions from property sales, leasing and financing, as well as reducing the funds available to invest in
commercial real estate and related assets. Commercial real estate markets have been gradually recovering since 2010 in step with the slow improvement in global economic activity.  
     During the economic downturn and financial market crisis,
weak economic conditions also affected our compensation expense, which is structured to generally decrease in line with a fall in revenue. Compensation is our largest expense and the sales and leasing professionals in our largest line of business,
advisory services, generally are paid on a commission and bonus basis that correlates with their revenue production. As a result, the negative effect of difficult market conditions on our operating margins was partially mitigated by the inherent
variability of our compensation cost structure. In addition, when negative economic conditions are particularly severe, as they were in 2008 and 2009, we have moved decisively to lower operating expenses to improve financial performance. As general
economic conditions and our financial performance have improved over the  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
past four years, we have restored certain expenses. Notwithstanding the gradual market recovery, challenges to the macro economy remain, and a return of adverse global and regional economic
trends is one of the most significant risks to the performance of our operations and our financial condition.      
 The global capital markets disruption in late 2008 caused a significant and prolonged decline in property sales, leasing, financing and
investment activity that adversely affected all our business lines. Commercial real estate fundamentals began to stabilize in early 2010 and have steadily improved for the past four years, most significantly in the United States. Reflecting a slow
economic recovery, vacancy rates and rental rates in the United States have improved modestly and steadily, while the increased availability of low-cost credit and improved investor sentiment have sustained increases in property sales activity.
Overall, however, occupiers and investors have remained cautious and both sales and leasing activity continue to be well below the peak levels experienced in 2006 and 2007.  
     In Europe, commercial real estate markets have been slower to
recover than in the United States, due to the sovereign-debt crisis, which brought on a “double dip” recession. The European economies began to emerge from recession in 2013, with most countries returning to positive, though modest,
economic growth. Reflecting the macro environment, investment sales across much of Europe were tepid from 2011 through late 2012. Sales activity began to improve in the fourth quarter of 2012 and the recovery continued in 2013. However, leasing
activity has remained slow, and rents essentially flat, across many major markets in Europe, as occupiers have been reluctant to make long-term space commitments.  
     Following the global financial crisis, real estate
transaction activities in Asia Pacific revived significantly from late 2009 through late 2011. However, leasing activity has been subdued since then, as multi-national corporations, in particular, have been hesitant to expand in the region. On the
other hand, investment activity improved in 2013, following a softening in 2012.        Real estate investment management and property development activity were also adversely affected by the global financial crisis, which lowered property values, and constrained financing and disposition
opportunities. However, the macro environment for these businesses has generally improved as the real estate credit and investment sales markets have gradually recovered since 2010.        The further recovery of our global sales, leasing, investment management and development services operations
depends on the continued improvement of market fundamentals, including stronger economic growth and job creation; stable, healthy global credit markets; and improved business and investor sentiment.  
     Effects of Acquisitions  
     Our management historically has made significant use of
strategic acquisitions to add new service competencies, to increase our scale within existing competencies and to expand our presence in various geographic regions around the world. In 2013, we fortified our real estate outsourcing platform in
Europe within our EMEA segment with the acquisition of London-based Norland Managed Services, Ltd. (Norland) for approximately $475 million (the Norland Acquisition). Norland is a premier provider of building technical engineering services that
enables us to self-perform these services in Europe and adds to our expertise in the highly specialized critical environments market. In 2011, we acquired the majority of the real estate investment management business of Netherlands-based ING Group
N.V. (ING) for a total purchase price of approximately $878 million, which bolstered our global real estate investment management business and further diversified our service offerings. The acquisitions of the former ING real estate management
businesses (collectively referred to as the REIM Acquisitions) included substantially all of ING’s Real Estate Investment Management (REIM) operations in Europe and Asia, as well as substantially all of Clarion Real Estate Securities (CRES),
its U.S.-based global real estate listed securities business, along with certain CRES co-investments from ING and additional interests in other funds managed by ING REIM Europe and ING REIM Asia.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Strategic in-fill acquisitions have also played a key role in expanding our geographic
coverage and broadening and strengthening our service offerings. The companies we acquired have generally been quality regional or specialty firms that complement our existing platform within a region, or affiliates in which, in some cases, we held
a small equity interest. During 2013, we completed ten in-fill acquisitions, most notably a leading firm serving the London prime residential real estate market, a leading regional commercial real estate services firm based in San Francisco, a
retail real estate services firm in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic region, a facility consulting and project advisory firm serving the healthcare industry and based in Richmond, Virginia, and two property management specialist firms – one in the Czech
Republic and Slovakia and one in Belgium. During 2012, we completed five in-fill acquisitions, including our former affiliate companies in Turkey and Vietnam, a niche real estate investment advisor and an independent commercial and residential
property partnership in the United Kingdom, and a brokerage and property management firm in Atlanta, Georgia. In 2011, we completed five in-fill acquisitions, including a valuation business in Australia, a retail property management business in
central and eastern Europe, our former affiliate company in Switzerland, a retail services business in the United Kingdom and a shopping center management business in the Netherlands.        Although our management believes that strategic acquisitions can significantly decrease the cost, time and
commitment of management resources necessary to attain a meaningful competitive position within targeted markets or to expand our presence within our current markets, in general, most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on our
operating and net income, both as a result of transaction-related expenditures, which include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others, and the charges and costs of integrating the acquired business and
its financial and accounting systems into our own. For example, through December 31, 2013, we incurred $111.8 million of transaction-related expenditures and integration costs in connection with the REIM Acquisitions.  
     International Operations  
     As we increase our international operations through either
acquisitions or organic growth, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Our management team
generally seeks to mitigate our exposure by balancing assets and liabilities that are denominated in the same currency and by maintaining cash positions outside the United States only at levels necessary for operating purposes. In addition, from
time to time we enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to attempt to mitigate some of our exposure to exchange rate changes related to particular transactions and to hedge risks associated with the translation of foreign currencies into U.S.
dollars.        Our Global Investment Management
business has a significant amount of Euro-denominated assets under management, or AUM, as well as associated revenue and earnings in Europe, which has seen continuing sovereign debt issues resulting in a more pronounced movement in the value of the
Euro against the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have resulted and may continue to result in corresponding fluctuations in our AUM, revenue and earnings.        Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency
exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our
reported results of operations.        Our international
operations also are subject to, among other things, political instability and changing regulatory environments, which may adversely affect our future financial condition and results of operations. Our management routinely monitors these risks and
related costs and evaluates the appropriate amount of resources to allocate towards business activities in foreign countries where such risks and costs are particularly significant.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Leverage  
     We are leveraged and have significant debt service
obligations. As of December 31, 2013, our total debt, excluding our notes payable on real estate (which are generally nonrecourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital
Markets, Inc., or CBRE Capital Markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was approximately $2.0 billion.      
 Our level of indebtedness and the operating and financial restrictions in our debt agreements place some constraints on the operation of
our business. Although our management believes that long-term indebtedness has been an important lever in the development of our business, including facilitating the REIM Acquisitions and the Norland Acquisition, the cash flow necessary to service
this debt is not available for other general corporate purposes, which may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate services industry. Our management seeks to mitigate this
exposure both through the refinancing of debt when available on attractive terms and through selective repayment and retirement of indebtedness.      
 For example, during 2013, we completed a series of financing transactions that have meaningfully extended debt maturities, lowered annual
interest expense by approximately $50 million when compared to annualized interest expense before these refinancing actions, and increased our financial flexibility. These transactions included the amendment and restatement of our credit agreement,
which now provides for a $715.0 million term loan facility and an expanded $1.2 billion revolving credit facility (of which $142.5 million was drawn at December 31, 2013), the issuance of $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.00%
senior notes due March 15, 2023 and the redemption of all of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes totaling $450.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2013, in connection with all of these financing activities, we incurred
approximately $28.6 million of financing costs, of which $3.6 million was expensed. In addition, we expensed $17.8 million of previously-deferred financing costs as well as a $26.2 million early extinguishment premium and $8.7 million of unamortized
original issue discount associated with the 11.625% senior subordinated notes.        Critical Accounting Policies        Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect reported amounts. The estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and on other factors that management believes to be reasonable. Actual results may differ from those estimates. We believe that the following critical
accounting policies represent the areas where more significant judgments and estimates are used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:      
 Revenue Recognition      
 In order for us to recognize revenue, there are four basic criteria that must be met:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   existence of persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   delivery has occurred or services have been rendered;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the seller’s price to the buyer is fixed and determinable; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   collectability is reasonably assured.      
 Our revenue recognition policies are consistent with these criteria. The judgments involved in revenue recognition include understanding
the complex terms of agreements and determining the appropriate time to recognize revenue for each transaction based on such terms. Each transaction is evaluated to determine: (i) at what point in time revenue is earned, (ii) whether
contingencies exist that impact the timing of recognition of revenue and (iii) how and when such contingencies will be resolved. The timing of revenue recognition could vary if different judgments were made. Our revenues subject to the most
judgment are brokerage commission revenue and incentive-based management and development fees.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We record commission revenue on real estate sales generally upon close of escrow or transfer
of title, except when future contingencies exist. Real estate commissions on leases are generally recorded in revenue when all obligations under the commission agreement are satisfied. Terms and conditions of a commission agreement may include, but
are not limited to, execution of a signed lease agreement and future contingencies including tenant occupancy, payment of a deposit or payment of a first month’s rent (or a combination thereof). As some of these conditions are outside of our
control and are often not clearly defined, judgment must be exercised in determining when such required events have occurred in order to recognize revenue.      
 A typical commission agreement provides that we earn a portion of a lease commission upon the execution of the lease agreement by the
tenant and landlord, with the remaining portion(s) of the lease commission earned at a later date, usually upon tenant occupancy or payment of rent. The existence of any significant future contingencies results in the delay of recognition of
corresponding revenue until such contingencies are satisfied. For example, if we do not earn all or a portion of the lease commission until the tenant pays its first month’s rent, and the lease agreement provides the tenant with a free rent
period, we delay revenue recognition until rent is paid by the tenant.        Property management revenues are generally based upon percentages of the revenue or base rent generated by the entities managed or the square footage managed. These fees are recognized when earned under
the provisions of the related management agreements.        Investment management fees are based predominantly upon a percentage of the equity deployed on behalf of our limited partners. Fees related to our indirect investment management programs are based upon a
percentage of the fair value of those investments. These fees are recognized when earned under the provisions of the related investment management agreements. Our Global Investment Management segment also earns performance-based incentive fees with
regard to many of its investments. Such revenue is recognized at the end of the measurement periods when the conditions of the applicable incentive fee arrangements have been satisfied and following the expiration of any potential claw back
provision. With many of these investments, our Global Investment Management professionals have participation interests in such incentive fees, which are commonly referred to as carried interest. This carried interest expense is generally accrued for
based upon the probability of such performance-based incentive fees being earned over the related vesting period. In addition, our Global Investment Management segment also earns success-based transaction fees with regard to buying or selling
properties on behalf of certain funds and separate accounts. Such revenue is recognized at the completion of a successful transaction and is not subject to any claw back provision.  
     We earn development and incentive development fees in our
Development Services segment. Development fees are generally based on a percentage of a defined cost measure and are recognized at the lower of the amount billed or the amount determined on a straight-line basis over the development period.
Incentive development fees are recognized when quantitative criteria have been met (such as specified leasing or budget targets) or, for those incentive fees based on qualitative criteria, upon approval of the fee by our clients. Certain incentive
development fees allow us to share in the fair value of the developed real estate asset above cost. This sharing creates additional revenue potential to us with no exposure to loss other than opportunity cost. Our incentive development fee revenue
is not recognized to the extent that such revenue is subject to future performance contingencies, but rather once the contingency has been resolved. The unique nature and complexity of each incentive fee requires us to use varying levels of judgment
in determining the timing of revenue recognition.      
 In establishing the appropriate provisions for trade receivables, we make assumptions with respect to future collectability. Our
assumptions are based on an assessment of a customer’s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends, including the aging of receivables balances. In addition to these assessments, in general, outstanding trade accounts receivable
amounts that are more than 180 days overdue are evaluated for collectability and fully provided for if deemed uncollectible. Historically, our credit losses have generally been insignificant. However, estimating losses requires significant judgment,
and conditions may change or new information may become known after any periodic evaluation. As a result, actual credit losses may differ from our estimates.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Principles of Consolidation  
     The accompanying consolidated financial statements include
our accounts and those of our majority-owned subsidiaries, as well as variable interest entities, or VIEs, in which we are the primary beneficiary. The equity attributable to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries is shown separately in our
consolidated balance sheets included elsewhere in this report. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.      
 Variable Interest Entities      
 As required by the “ Consolidations ” Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards
Codification, or ASC, or Topic 810, we consolidate all VIEs in which we are the entity’s primary beneficiary. A reporting entity is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest in the VIE. Determining
which reporting entity, if any, has a controlling financial interest in a VIE is primarily a qualitative approach focused on identifying which reporting entity has both (1) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact such entity’s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from such entity that could potentially be significant to such entity. The entity which satisfies these criteria is deemed
to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE.        We
determine if an entity is a VIE based on several factors, including whether the entity’s total equity investment at risk upon inception is sufficient to finance the entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial support. We
make judgments regarding the sufficiency of the equity at risk based first on a qualitative analysis, then a quantitative analysis, if necessary.      
 We analyze any investments in VIEs to determine if we are the primary beneficiary. We consider a variety of factors in identifying the
entity that holds the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance including, but not limited to, the ability to direct financing, leasing, construction and other operating decisions and activities. In
addition, we consider the rights of other investors to participate in those decisions, to replace the manager and to sell or liquidate the entity.      
 We also have several co-investments in real estate investment funds which qualify for a deferral of the qualitative approach for analyzing
potential VIEs. We continue to analyze these investments under the former quantitative method incorporating various estimates, including estimated future cash flows, asset hold periods and discount rates, as well as estimates of the probabilities of
various scenarios occurring. If the entity is a VIE, we then determine whether we consolidate the entity as the primary beneficiary. This determination of whether we are the primary beneficiary includes any impact of an “upside economic
interest” in the form of a “promote” that we may have. A promote is an interest built into the distribution structure of the entity based on the entity’s achievement of certain return hurdles.  
     We consolidate any VIE of which we are the primary
beneficiary (see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report) and disclose significant VIEs of which we are not the primary beneficiary, if any, as well as disclose our maximum exposure to
loss related to VIEs that are not consolidated. We determine whether an entity is a VIE and, if so, whether it should be consolidated by utilizing judgments and estimates that are inherently subjective.  
     Limited Partnerships, Limited Liability Companies and
Other Subsidiaries        If an entity is not a
VIE, our determination of the appropriate accounting method with respect to our investments in limited partnerships, limited liability companies and other subsidiaries is based on voting control. For our general partner interests, we are presumed to
control (and therefore consolidate) the entity, unless the other limited partners have substantive rights that overcome this presumption of control. These substantive rights allow the limited partners to remove the general partner with or without
cause or to participate in significant  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
decisions made in the ordinary course of the entity’s business. We account for our non-controlling general partner investments in these entities under the equity method. This treatment also
applies to our managing member interests in limited liability companies.        Our investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries in which we have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies, but do not control, or entities which are variable
interest entities in which we are not the primary beneficiary are accounted for under the equity method. Accordingly, our share of the earnings from these equity-method basis companies is included in consolidated net income. All other investments
held on a long-term basis are valued at cost less any impairment in value.        Our determination of the appropriate accounting treatment for an investment in a subsidiary requires judgment of several factors, including the size and nature of our ownership interest and the other
owners’ substantive rights to make decisions for the entity. If we were to make different judgments or conclusions as to the level of our control or influence, it could result in a different accounting treatment. Accounting for an investment as
either consolidated or using the equity method generally would have no impact on our net income or stockholders’ equity in any accounting period, but a different treatment would impact individual income statement and balance sheet items, as
consolidation would effectively “gross up” our income statement and balance sheet. If our evaluation of an investment accounted for using the cost method was different, it could result in our being required to account for an investment by
consolidation or by the equity method. Under the cost method, the investor only records its share of the underlying entity’s earnings to the extent that it receives dividends from the investee; when the dividends received by the investor exceed
the investor’s share of the investee’s earnings subsequent to the date of the investor’s investment, the investor records a reduction in the basis of its investment. Under the cost method, the investor does not record its share of
losses of the investee. Conversely, under either consolidation or equity method accounting, the investor effectively records its share of the underlying entity’s net income or loss, or its guarantees of the underlying entity’s debt.
       Under either the equity or cost method,
impairment losses are recognized upon evidence of other-than-temporary losses of value. When testing for impairment on investments that are not actively traded on a public market, we generally use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair
value of our investments and/or look to comparable activities in the marketplace. Management judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow approach. These assumptions include net asset values, internal rates of
return, discount and capitalization rates, interest rates and financing terms, rental rates, timing of leasing activity, estimates of lease terms and related concessions, etc. When determining if impairment is other-than-temporary, we also look to
the length of time and the extent to which fair value has been less than cost as well as the financial condition and near-term prospects of each investment.      
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
     Our acquisitions require the application of purchase
accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair value. The difference between the purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as
goodwill. In determining the fair values of assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, we use a variety of valuation methods including present value, depreciated replacement cost, market values (where available) and selling prices
less costs to dispose. We are responsible for determining the valuation of assets and liabilities and for the allocation of purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.        Assumptions must often be made in determining fair values, particularly where observable market values do not
exist. Assumptions may include discount rates, growth rates, cost of capital, royalty rates, tax rates and remaining useful lives. These assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of identifiable assets and accordingly can impact the
value of goodwill recorded. Different assumptions could result in different values being attributed to assets and liabilities. Since these values impact the amount of annual depreciation and amortization expense, different assumptions could also
impact our statement of operations and could impact the results of future impairment reviews.  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The majority of our goodwill balance has resulted from our acquisition of CBRE Services,
Inc, or CBRE, in 2001 (the 2001 Acquisition), our acquisition of Insignia Financial Group, Inc., or Insignia, in 2003 (the Insignia Acquisition), the Trammell Crow Company Acquisition in 2006, the REIM Acquisitions in 2011 and the Norland
Acquisition in 2013. Other intangible assets that have indefinite estimated useful lives and are not being amortized include certain management contracts identified in the REIM Acquisitions, a trademark, which was separately identified as a result
of the 2001 Acquisition, and a trade name separately identified as a result of the REIM Acquisitions. The remaining other intangible assets primarily include customer relationships, management contracts and loan servicing rights, which are all being
amortized over estimated useful lives ranging up to 20 years.        We are required to test goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives for impairment annually or more often if circumstances or events indicate a change in the impairment
status. The goodwill impairment analysis is a two-step process. The first step used to identify potential impairment involves comparing each reporting unit’s estimated fair value to its carrying value, including goodwill. We use a discounted
cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. Management judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow model. These assumptions include revenue growth rates, profit margin percentages,
discount rates, etc. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered to not be impaired. If the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, there is an indication of potential impairment and the
second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment. The second step of the process involves the calculation of an implied fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit for which step one indicated impairment. The implied fair value of
goodwill is determined similar to how goodwill is calculated in a business combination, by measuring the excess of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one, over the estimated fair values of the individual assets,
liabilities and identifiable intangibles as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. Due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business’s fair value and the relative size of our goodwill, if different
assumptions and estimates were used, it could have an adverse effect on our impairment analysis.        Our annual assessment of goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives has historically been completed as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year. When we performed our
required annual goodwill impairment review as of October 1, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we determined that no impairment existed as the estimated fair value of our reporting units was in excess of their carrying value.  
     During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded a
non-amortizable intangible asset impairment of $98.1 million in our Global Investment Management segment. This non-cash write-off was related to a decrease in value of our open-end funds, primarily in Europe. During the year ended December 31,
2012, we recorded a non-amortizable intangible asset impairment of $19.8 million in our EMEA segment related to the discontinuation of the use of a trade name in the United Kingdom. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set
forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.      
 Real Estate      
 As of December 31, 2013, the carrying value of our total real estate assets was $127.0 million (1.8% of total assets). The
significant accounting policies and estimates with regard to our real estate assets relate to classification and impairment evaluation, cost capitalization and allocation, disposition of real estate and discontinued operations.  
     Classification and Impairment Evaluation  
     With respect to our real estate assets, the
“ Property, Plant and Equipment, ” Topic of FASB ASC, or Topic 360, establishes criteria to classify an asset as “held for sale.” Assets included in real estate held for sale consist of completed assets or land for
sale in its present condition that meet all of Topic 360’s “held for sale” criteria. All other real estate assets are classified in one of the following line items in our consolidated balance
 
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
sheet: (i) real estate under development (current), which includes real estate that we are in the process of developing that is expected to be completed and disposed of within one year of
the balance sheet date; (ii) real estate under development (non-current), which includes real estate that we are in the process of developing that is expected to be completed and disposed of more than one year from the balance sheet date; or
(iii) real estate held for investment, which consists of land on which development activities have not yet commenced and completed assets or land held for disposition that do not meet the “held for sale” criteria.  
     Real estate held for sale is recorded at the lower of cost or
estimated fair value less cost to sell. If an asset’s fair value less cost to sell, based on discounted future cash flows, management estimates or market comparisons, is less than its carrying amount, an allowance is recorded against the asset.
Determining an asset’s fair value and the related allowance to record requires us to utilize judgment and estimates.      
 Real estate under development and real estate held for investment are carried at cost less depreciation, as applicable. Buildings and
improvements included in real estate held for investment are depreciated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives, generally up to 39 years. Tenant improvements included in real estate held for investment are amortized using
the straight-line method over the shorter of their estimated useful life or the terms of the respective leases. Land improvements included in real estate held for investment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, up to 15 years.
       When indicators of impairment are present, real
estate under development and real estate held for investment are evaluated for impairment and losses are recorded when undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by an asset are less than the asset’s carrying amount. The amount of the
impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its fair value, which is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, management estimates or market comparisons. Impairment charges of $26.5 million and $1.7
million were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2011, we also recorded a provision for loss on real estate held for sale of $2.6 million.  
     We evaluate each of our real estate assets on a quarterly
basis in order to determine the classification of each asset in our consolidated balance sheet. This evaluation requires judgment by us in considering certain criteria that must be evaluated under Topic 360, such as the estimated time to complete
assets that are under development and the timeframe in which we expect to sell our real estate assets. The classification of real estate assets determines which real estate assets are to be depreciated as well as what method is used to evaluate and
measure impairment.        Cost Capitalization and
Allocation        When acquiring, developing and
constructing real estate assets, we capitalize recoverable costs. Capitalization begins when we determine that activities related to development have begun and ceases when activities are substantially complete and the asset is available for
occupancy, which are timing decisions that require judgment. Recoverable costs capitalized include pursuit costs, or pre-acquisition/pre-construction costs, taxes and insurance, interest, development and construction costs and costs of incidental
operations. We do not capitalize any internal costs when acquiring, developing and constructing real estate assets. We expense transaction costs for acquisitions that qualify as a business in accordance with the “ Business
Combinations ” Topic of the FASB ASC, or Topic 805. Pursuit costs capitalized in connection with a potential development project that we have determined based on our judgment not to pursue are written off in the period that such
determination is made.        At times, we purchase bulk
land that we intend to sell or develop in phases. The land basis allocated to each phase is based on the relative estimated fair value of the phases before construction. We allocate construction costs incurred relating to more than one phase between
the various phases; if the costs cannot be specifically attributed to a certain phase or the improvements benefit more than one phase, we allocate the costs between the phases based on their relative estimated sales values, where practicable, or
other value methods as appropriate under the circumstances. Relative allocations of the costs are revised as the sales value estimates are revised.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  When acquiring real estate with existing buildings, we allocate the purchase price between
land, land improvements, building and intangibles related to in-place leases, if any, based on their relative fair values. The fair values of acquired land and buildings are determined based on an estimated discounted future cash flow model with
lease-up assumptions as if the building was vacant upon acquisition. The fair value of in-place leases includes the value of lease intangibles for above or below-market rents and tenant origination costs, determined on a lease by lease basis using
assumptions for market rates, absorption periods, lease commissions and tenant improvements. The capitalized values for both lease intangibles and tenant origination costs are amortized over the term of the underlying leases. Amortization related to
lease intangibles is recorded as either an increase to or a reduction of rental income and amortization for tenant origination costs is recorded to amortization expense.  
     Disposition of Real Estate  
     Gains on disposition of real estate are recognized upon sale
of the underlying project. We evaluate each real estate sale transaction to determine if it qualifies for gain recognition under the full accrual method. This evaluation requires us to make judgments and estimates in assessing whether a sale has
been consummated, the adequacy of the buyer’s investment, the subordination or collectability of any receivable related to the purchase, and whether we have transferred the usual risks and rewards of ownership to the buyer, with no substantial
continuing involvement by us. If the transaction does not meet the criteria for the full accrual method of profit recognition based on our assessment, we account for the sale based on an appropriate deferral method determined by the nature and
extent of the buyer’s investment and our continuing involvement. In some cases, a deferral method could require the real estate asset and its related liabilities to remain on our balance sheet until the sale qualifies for a different deferral
method or full accrual profit recognition.      
 Discontinued Operations      
 Topic 360 extends the reporting of a discontinued operation to a “component of an entity,” and further requires that a component
be classified as a discontinued operation if the operations and cash flows of the component have been or will be eliminated from the ongoing operations of the entity in the disposal transaction and the entity will not have any significant continuing
involvement in the operations of the component after the disposal transaction. As defined in Topic 360, a “component of an entity” comprises operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished, operationally and for financial
reporting purposes, from the rest of the entity. Because each of our consolidated real estate assets is generally accounted for in a discrete subsidiary, many constitute a component of an entity under Topic 360, increasing the likelihood that the
disposition of assets are required to be recognized and reported as operating profits and losses on discontinued operations in the periods in which they occur. The evaluation of whether the component’s cash flows have been eliminated and the
level of our continuing involvement require judgment by us and a different assessment could result in items not being reported as discontinued operations.      
 Income Taxes      
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method in accordance with the “ Accounting for Income Taxes ,”
Topic of the FASB ASC, or Topic 740. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured by applying enacted tax rates and laws and are released in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.
       Accounting for tax positions requires judgments,
including estimating reserves for potential uncertainties. We also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. We do not
record valuation allowances for  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
deferred tax assets that we believe will be realized in future periods. While we believe the resulting tax balances as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 are appropriately accounted for in
accordance with Topic 740, as applicable, the ultimate outcome of such matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. See Note 16 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information regarding income taxes.      
 Based on $58.0 million repatriated in 2012, and an estimated $133.0 million to be repatriated in 2013 to the United States, a $28.8
million tax benefit was recorded in 2012. During 2013, we actually repatriated $196.2 million. Additional tax benefit of $14.5 million was recorded in 2013. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability for $1.1 billion of remaining
undistributed earnings of subsidiaries located outside of the United States. Although tax liabilities might result from the payment of dividends out of such earnings, or as a result of a sale or liquidation of non-U.S. subsidiaries, these earnings
are permanently reinvested outside of the United States and we do not have any plans to repatriate these earnings or to sell or liquidate any of these non-U.S. subsidiaries. To the extent that we are able to repatriate the unremitted earnings in a
tax efficient manner, or in the event of a change in our capital situation or investment strategy in which such funds become needed for funding our U.S. operations, we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds, net of
foreign tax credits. The determination of the tax liability upon repatriation is not practicable. Cash and cash equivalents owned by non-U.S. subsidiaries totaled $325.0 million at December 31, 2013.  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Results of Operations  
     The following table sets forth items derived from our
consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 7,184,794 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 6,514,099 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 5,905,411 
    
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 4,189,389 
    
    
   
 58.3 
    
   
   
 3,742,514 
    
   
   
 57.5 
    
   
   
 3,457,130 
    
    
   
 58.5 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 2,104,310 
    
    
   
 29.3 
    
   
   
 2,002,914 
    
   
   
 30.7 
    
   
   
 1,882,666 
    
    
   
 31.9 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 190,390 
    
    
   
 2.6 
    
   
   
 169,645 
    
   
   
 2.6 
    
   
   
 115,719 
    
    
   
 2.0 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 98,129 
    
    
   
 1.4 
    
   
   
 19,826 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
    
   
 6,582,218 
    
    
   
 91.6 
    
   
   
 5,934,899 
    
   
   
 91.1 
    
   
   
 5,455,515 
    
    
   
 92.4 
    
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 13,552 
    
    
   
 0.2 
    
   
   
 5,881 
    
   
   
 0.1 
    
   
   
 12,966 
    
    
   
 0.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 616,128 
    
    
   
 8.6 
    
   
   
 585,081 
    
   
   
 9.0 
    
   
   
 462,862 
    
    
   
 7.8 
    
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 64,422 
    
    
   
 0.9 
    
   
   
 60,729 
    
   
   
 0.9 
    
   
   
 104,776 
    
    
   
 1.8 
    
 
   Other income 
    
   
 13,523 
    
    
   
 0.2 
    
   
   
 11,093 
    
   
   
 0.2 
    
   
   
 2,706 
    
    
   
 0.1 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 6,289 
    
    
   
 0.1 
    
   
   
 7,643 
    
   
   
 0.1 
    
   
   
 9,443 
    
    
   
 0.2 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 135,082 
    
    
   
 1.9 
    
   
   
 175,068 
    
   
   
 2.7 
    
   
   
 150,249 
    
    
   
 2.6 
    
 
   Write-off of financing costs 
    
   
 56,295 
    
    
   
 0.8 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 508,985 
    
    
   
 7.1 
    
   
   
 489,478 
    
   
   
 7.5 
    
   
   
 429,538 
    
    
   
 7.3 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 187,187 
    
    
   
 2.6 
    
   
   
 185,322 
    
   
   
 2.8 
    
   
   
 189,103 
    
    
   
 3.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations 
    
   
 321,798 
    
    
   
 4.5 
    
   
   
 304,156 
    
   
   
 4.7 
    
   
   
 240,435 
    
    
   
 4.1 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
    
   
 26,997 
    
    
   
 0.4 
    
   
   
 631 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 49,890 
    
    
   
 0.8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 348,795 
    
    
   
 4.9 
    
   
   
 304,787 
    
   
   
 4.7 
    
   
   
 290,325 
    
    
   
 4.9 
    
 
   Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 32,257 
    
    
   
 0.5 
    
   
   
 (10,768 
 )  
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
   
   
 51,163 
    
    
   
 0.8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
   
 4.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 315,555 
    
   
   
 4.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 239,162 
    
    
   
 4.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (1) 
    
 $ 
 982,883 
    
    
   
 13.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 861,621 
    
   
   
 13.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 693,261 
    
    
   
 11.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA, as adjusted (1) 
    
 $ 
 1,022,255 
    
    
   
 14.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 918,439 
    
   
   
 14.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 802,635 
    
    
   
 13.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $7.9 million, $5.6 million and $14.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.        EBITDA represents
earnings before net interest expense, write-off of financing costs, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, while amounts shown for EBITDA, as adjusted, remove the impact of certain cash and non-cash charges related to acquisitions and cost
containment expenses, as well as certain carried interest incentive compensation expense. Our management believes that both of these measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our industry
because the calculations of EBITDA and EBITDA, as adjusted, generally eliminate the effects of financing and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending and acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill and
intangibles created from acquisitions. Such items may vary for different companies for reasons unrelated to  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
overall operating performance. As a result, our management uses these measures to evaluate operating performance and for other discretionary purposes, including as a significant component when
measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive programs. Additionally, we believe EBITDA and EBITDA, as adjusted, are useful to investors to assist them in getting a more complete picture of our results from operations.  
     However, EBITDA and EBITDA, as adjusted, are not recognized
measurements under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, and when analyzing our operating performance, readers should use EBITDA and EBITDA, as adjusted, in addition to, and not as an alternative for, net income as determined in
accordance with GAAP. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of EBITDA and EBITDA, as adjusted, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Furthermore, EBITDA and EBITDA, as adjusted, are
not intended to be measures of free cash flow for our management’s discretionary use, as they do not consider certain cash requirements such as tax and debt service payments. The amounts shown for EBITDA and EBITDA, as adjusted, also differ
from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our debt instruments, which are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash and non-cash charges and are used to determine compliance with financial covenants and our ability to
engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt and making certain restricted payments.      
 EBITDA and EBITDA, as adjusted for selected charges are calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
 $ 
 315,555 
    
    
 $ 
 239,162 
    
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization (1) 
    
   
 191,270 
    
    
   
 170,905 
    
    
   
 116,930 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 98,129 
    
    
   
 19,826 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Interest expense (2) 
    
   
 138,379 
    
    
   
 176,649 
    
    
   
 153,497 
    
 
   Write-off of financing costs 
    
   
 56,295 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Provision for income taxes (3) 
    
   
 188,561 
    
    
   
 186,333 
    
    
   
 193,115 
    
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 6,289 
    
    
   
 7,647 
    
    
   
 9,443 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (4) 
    
 $ 
 982,883 
    
    
 $ 
 861,621 
    
    
 $ 
 693,261 
    
 
   Adjustments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cost containment expenses 
    
   
 17,621 
    
    
   
 17,578 
    
    
   
 31,139 
    
 
   Integration and other costs related to acquisitions 
    
   
 12,591 
    
    
   
 39,240 
    
    
   
 68,788 
    
 
   Carried interest incentive compensation 
    
   
 9,160 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Write-down of impaired assets 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 9,447 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA, as adjusted (4) 
    
 $ 
 1,022,255 
    
    
 $ 
 918,439 
    
    
 $ 
 802,635 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
 Includes depreciation and amortization related to discontinued operations of $0.9 million, $1.3 million and $1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, respectively.  
 
 
   
 (2) 
 Includes interest expense related to discontinued operations of $3.3 million, $1.6 million and $3.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011, respectively.  
 
 
   
 (3) 
 Includes provision for income taxes related to discontinued operations of $1.3 million, $1.0 million and $4.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011, respectively.  
 
 
   
 (4) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $7.9 million, $5.6 million and $14.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2012  
     We reported consolidated net income of $316.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2013 on revenue of $7.2 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $315.6 million on revenue of $6.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012.        Our revenue on a consolidated basis for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $670.7 million, or
10.3%, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. This increase was primarily driven by higher worldwide sales (up 23.9%), property, facilities and project management (up 11.3%) and leasing (up 8.6%) activity. Carried interest revenue
earned in our Global Investment Management segment also contributed to the positive variance. These items were partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $73.4 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended
December 31, 2013.        Our cost of services on a
consolidated basis increased by $446.9 million, or 11.9%, during the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. Our sales professionals generally are paid on a commission basis, which substantially
correlates with our transaction revenue performance. Accordingly, the increase in sales and lease transaction revenue led to a corresponding increase in commission accruals. The increase in cost of services was also due to higher salaries and
related costs associated with our global property, facilities and project management contracts as well as higher bonuses in the United States and the United Kingdom due to increased headcount and improved operating performance. Foreign currency
translation had a $41.9 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2013. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 58.3% for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 57.5% for the year ended
December 31, 2012, primarily attributable to a concentration of commissions among higher producing professionals in the United States and Asia Pacific. In addition, higher producer recruitment costs in the current year increased this ratio.
       Our operating, administrative and other expenses
on a consolidated basis increased by $101.4 million, or 5.1%, during the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily driven by strategic investments made in the current year,
including increased headcount, as well as higher insurance, legal, consulting, marketing and travel costs. These increases were partially offset by $32.3 million of impairment charges incurred in the prior year that did not recur in the current year
and $25.1 million of lower transaction and integration costs attributable to acquisitions. Foreign currency translation had an $18.4 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2013. Operating expenses
as a percentage of revenue decreased from 30.7% for the year ended December 31, 2012 to 29.3% for the year ended December 31, 2013, partially driven by the aforementioned lower costs associated with impairments and acquisitions in the
current year. Excluding such costs, operating expenses were 29.1% of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 versus 29.6% for the year ended December 31, 2012. The current year decrease was achieved despite incremental investments in
our operating platform and outside insurance costs, reflecting the operating leverage inherent in our business and proactive cost savings initiatives.      
 Our depreciation and amortization expense on a consolidated basis increased by $20.7 million, or 12.2%, during the year ended
December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. An increase in depreciation expense in the current year driven by technology-related capital expenditures and an increase in amortization expense related to mortgage
servicing rights in the current year, were partially mitigated by $9.6 million of intangible amortization expense related to ING REIM incentive fees in the year ended December 31, 2012, which did not recur in the current year.  
     Our non-amortizable intangible asset impairment on a
consolidated basis was $98.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $19.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This activity represented non-cash write-offs related to a decrease in value of our open-end funds
in our Global Investment Management segment, primarily in Europe, in the current year and the discontinuation of the use of a trade name in the United Kingdom in our EMEA segment in the prior year.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our gain on disposition of real estate on a consolidated basis was $13.6 million for the
year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. These gains resulted from activity within our Development Services segment.  
     Our equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis increased by $3.7 million, or 6.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. This increase was primarily attributable to higher equity earnings reported in our Global
Investment Management and Americas business segments, partially offset by lower equity earnings reported in our Development Services segment.      
 Our other income on a consolidated basis increased by $2.4 million, or 21.9%, during the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to
the year ended December 31, 2012, primarily driven by increased net realized and unrealized gains related to co-investments in our real estate securities business within our Global Investment Management segment. This activity was partially
offset by the impact of $4.3 million of income associated with the sale of a cost method investment in our EMEA segment, which did not recur in the current year.  
     Our consolidated interest income was $6.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $7.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012.      
 Our interest expense on a consolidated basis decreased by $40.0 million, or 22.8%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared
to the year ended December 31, 2012, reflecting the effects of our refinancing activities in the current year.      
 Our write-off of financing costs on a consolidated basis was $56.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, primarily related to
costs associated with the early redemption of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes, including a $26.2 million early extinguishment premium and the write-off of $16.1 million of unamortized original issue discount and previously deferred financing
costs. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2013, we wrote-off $10.4 million of unamortized deferred financing costs associated with our previous credit agreement and incurred fees of $3.6 million in connection with our new credit
agreement and 5.00% senior notes.        Our provision
for income taxes on a consolidated basis was $187.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $185.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. Our effective tax rate from continuing operations, after adjusting pre-tax
income to remove the portion attributable to non-controlling interests, was relatively consistent at 37.3% for the year ended December 31, 2013 versus 37.1% for the year ended December 31, 2012.  
     Our consolidated income from discontinued operations, net of
income taxes, was $27.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This income was reported in our Development Services and Global Investment Management segments and
mostly related to gains from property sales, which were largely attributable to non-controlling interests.      
 Our net income attributable to non-controlling interests on a consolidated basis was $32.3 million for the year ended December 31,
2013 as compared to a net loss attributable to non-controlling interests of $10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This activity primarily reflects our non-controlling interests’ share of income and losses within our Global
Investment Management and Development Services segments.        Year
Ended December 31, 2012 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2011        We reported consolidated net income of $315.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 on revenue of $6.5 billion as compared to consolidated net income of $239.2 million on revenue of $5.9
billion for the year ended December 31, 2011.  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our revenue on a consolidated basis for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by
$608.7 million, or 10.3%, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. This increase was driven by contributions from the REIM Acquisitions (acquired in the second half of 2011) as well as higher worldwide sales transaction revenue (up
10.9%), increased commercial mortgage brokerage activity (up 31.3%) and greater outsourcing activity (up 10.1%) also contributed to the variance. Worldwide leasing transaction revenue was essentially flat when compared with 2011. Foreign currency
translation had a $108.2 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2012.      
 Our cost of services on a consolidated basis increased by $285.4 million, or 8.3%, during the year ended December 31, 2012 as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. This increase was primarily due to higher salaries and related costs associated with our global property and facilities management contracts. In addition, as previously mentioned, our sales
professionals generally are paid on a commission basis, which substantially correlates with our transaction revenue performance. Accordingly, the increase in sales transaction revenue led to a corresponding increase in commission expense. Foreign
currency translation had a $58.2 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2012. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue decreased from 58.5% for the year ended December 31, 2011 to 57.5% for the
year ended December 31, 2012, primarily attributable to our mix of revenue, with a higher composition of revenue being non-commissionable in 2012 as a result of the REIM Acquisitions. In addition, all costs associated with the ING REIM
businesses are included in operating, administrative and other expenses.        Our operating, administrative and other expenses on a consolidated basis increased by $120.2 million, or 6.4%, during the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31,
2011. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in costs attributable to the REIM Acquisitions. Additionally, impairment charges of $32.3 million were included in operating, administrative and other expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2012, and were primarily incurred in our Global Investment Management and Development Services segments. Foreign currency translation had a $39.7 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended
December 31, 2012. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 30.7% for the year ended December 31, 2012 from 31.9% for the year ended December 31, 2011, reflecting the operating leverage inherent in our business.
       Our depreciation and amortization expense on a
consolidated basis increased by $53.9 million, or 46.6%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. This increase was primarily attributable to higher amortization expense relative to intangibles
acquired in the REIM Acquisitions. Higher depreciation expense in our Americas segment also contributed to the increase.      
 Our non-amortizable intangible asset impairment on a consolidated basis was $19.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This
non-cash write-off related to the discontinuation of the use of a trade name in the United Kingdom.        Our gain on disposition of real estate on a consolidated basis was $5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to $13.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. These
gains resulted from activity within our Development Services and Global Investment Management segments.      
 Our equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries on a consolidated basis decreased by $44.0 million, or 42.0%, for the year ended
December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. This decrease was primarily driven by higher equity earnings associated with gains on property sales within our Development Services segment in 2011, which did not occur to
the same extent in 2012.        Our other income on a
consolidated basis was $11.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to $2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. This activity was primarily reported within our Global Investment Management segment and
represented net realized and unrealized gains and losses related to trading securities, which we acquired in our acquisition of CRES. Also contributing to the increase in 2012 was $4.3 million of income associated with the sale of a cost method
investment in our EMEA segment.  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our consolidated interest income decreased by $1.8 million, or 19.1%, during the year ended
December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. This decrease was mainly driven by lower interest income reported in our Americas segment in 2012.  
     Our consolidated interest expense increased by $24.8 million,
or 16.5%, during the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase was primarily due to higher interest expense attributable to additional borrowings made to finance the REIM Acquisitions in the
second and third quarters of 2011 and the British pound sterling A-1 term loan facility entered into in the fourth quarter of 2011.      
 Our provision for income taxes on a consolidated basis was $185.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to $189.1
million for the year ended December 31, 2011. Our effective tax rate from continuing operations, after adjusting pre-tax income to remove the portion attributable to non-controlling interests, decreased to 37.1% for the year ended
December 31, 2012 as compared to 44.8% for the year ended December 31, 2011. The decreases in our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate were primarily the result of non-deductible acquisition costs incurred in 2011 that did
not recur in 2012 and the 2012 benefit from previously unavailable foreign income tax credits that can be utilized to offset U.S. federal income taxes on foreign-sourced earnings, partially offset by an increase in valuation allowance, tax expense
on dividends and unremitted earnings and an increase in our mix of domestic to foreign earnings.        Our consolidated income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, was $0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to $49.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2011.
This income was reported in our Global Investment Management and Development Services segments and mostly related to gains from property sales, which were largely attributable to non-controlling interests.  
     Our net loss attributable to non-controlling interests on a
consolidated basis was $10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to net income attributable to non-controlling interests of $51.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2011. This activity primarily reflects our
non-controlling interests’ share of income and losses within our Global Investment Management and Development Services segments.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Segment Operations  
     We report our operations through the following segments:
(1) Americas, (2) EMEA, (3) Asia Pacific, (4) Global Investment Management and (5) Development Services. The Americas consists of operations located in the United States, Canada and key markets in Latin America. EMEA mainly
consists of operations in Europe, while Asia Pacific includes operations in Asia, Australia and New Zealand. The Global Investment Management business consists of investment management operations in North America, Europe and Asia. The Development
Services business consists of real estate development and investment activities primarily in the United States.      
 The following table summarizes our revenue, costs and expenses and operating income (loss) by our Americas, EMEA, Asia Pacific, Global
Investment Management and Development Services operating segments for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 4,504,520 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 4,103,602 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 3,673,681 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 2,911,168 
    
   
   
 64.6 
    
   
   
 2,607,029 
    
   
   
 63.5 
    
   
   
 2,325,964 
    
   
   
 63.3 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 1,008,518 
    
   
   
 22.4 
    
   
   
 929,950 
    
   
   
 22.7 
    
   
   
 898,675 
    
   
   
 24.5 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 116,564 
    
   
   
 2.6 
    
   
   
 82,841 
    
   
   
 2.0 
    
   
   
 62,238 
    
   
   
 1.7 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 468,270 
    
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 483,782 
    
   
   
 11.8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 386,804 
    
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (1) 
    
 $ 
 603,191 
    
   
   
 13.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 578,649 
    
   
   
 14.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 462,167 
    
   
   
 12.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EMEA 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,217,109 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,031,818 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,076,568 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 721,461 
    
   
   
 59.3 
    
   
   
 624,498 
    
   
   
 60.5 
    
   
   
 638,351 
    
   
   
 59.3 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 425,189 
    
   
   
 34.9 
    
   
   
 358,696 
    
   
   
 34.8 
    
   
   
 351,304 
    
   
   
 32.6 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 20,496 
    
   
   
 1.7 
    
   
   
 14,198 
    
   
   
 1.4 
    
   
   
 10,945 
    
   
   
 1.0 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,826 
    
   
   
 1.9 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 49,963 
    
   
   
 4.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 14,600 
    
   
   
 1.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 75,968 
    
   
   
 7.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (1) 
    
 $ 
 71,267 
    
   
   
 5.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 54,299 
    
   
   
 5.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 87,527 
    
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 872,821 
    
   
   
 100.0% 
    
   
 $ 
 817,241 
    
   
   
 100.0% 
    
   
 $ 
 788,754 
    
   
   
 100.0% 
    
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 556,760 
    
   
   
 63.8 
    
   
   
 510,987 
    
   
   
 62.5 
    
   
   
 492,815 
    
   
   
 62.5 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 245,251 
    
   
   
 28.1 
    
   
   
 224,558 
    
   
   
 27.5 
    
   
   
 212,548 
    
   
   
 26.9 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 12,397 
    
   
   
 1.4 
    
   
   
 11,475 
    
   
   
 1.4 
    
   
   
 9,654 
    
   
   
 1.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 58,413 
    
   
   
 6.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 70,221 
    
   
   
 8.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 73,737 
    
   
   
 9.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (1) 
    
 $ 
 70,795 
    
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 80,630 
    
   
   
 9.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 82,226 
    
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 537,102 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 482,589 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 290,065 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 352,395 
    
   
   
 65.6 
    
   
   
 387,592 
    
   
   
 80.3 
    
   
   
 313,120 
    
   
   
 107.9 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 36,194 
    
   
   
 6.7 
    
   
   
 51,290 
    
   
   
 10.6 
    
   
   
 21,271 
    
   
   
 7.4 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 98,129 
    
   
   
 18.3 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 345 
    
   
   
 0.1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 50,384 
    
   
   
 9.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 43,707 
    
   
   
 9.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (43,981 
 )  
   
   
 (15.2 
 )%  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (1) (2) 
    
 $ 
 194,609 
    
   
   
 36.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 96,359 
    
   
   
 20.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (14,772 
 )  
   
   
 (5.1 
 )%  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Development Services 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 53,242 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 78,849 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 76,343 
    
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 72,957 
    
   
   
 137.0 
    
   
   
 102,118 
    
   
   
 129.5 
    
   
   
 107,019 
    
   
   
 140.2 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 4,739 
    
   
   
 8.9 
    
   
   
 9,841 
    
   
   
 12.5 
    
   
   
 11,611 
    
   
   
 15.2 
    
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 13,552 
    
   
   
 25.4 
    
   
   
 5,881 
    
   
   
 7.5 
    
   
   
 12,621 
    
   
   
 16.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating loss 
    
 $ 
 (10,902 
 )  
   
   
 (20.5 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 (27,229 
 )  
   
   
 (34.5 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 (29,666 
 )  
   
   
 (38.9 
 )%  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (1) (3) 
    
 $ 
 43,021 
    
   
   
 80.8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 51,684 
    
   
   
 65.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 76,113 
    
   
   
 99.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report for a reconciliation of segment EBITDA to the most
comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, which is segment net income (loss) attributable to CBRE Group, Inc.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $1.4 million, $0.5 million and $4.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $6.5 million, $5.1 million and $10.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.        Year Ended December 31, 2013
Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2012        Americas
       Revenue increased by $400.9 million, or
9.8%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. This improvement was primarily driven by higher sales, leasing and property, facilities and project management activity. The pullback in
multi-housing lending from Government-Sponsored Entities, or GSEs, had an adverse impact on our performance, particularly in the second half of 2013. Foreign currency translation had a $20.7 million negative impact on total revenue during the year
ended December 31, 2013.        Cost of services
increased by $304.1 million, or 11.7%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012, primarily due to increased commission expense resulting from higher sales and lease transaction revenue. Also
contributing to the variance was higher salaries and related costs associated with our property, facilities and project management contracts and higher bonuses due to increased headcount and improved operating performance. Foreign currency
translation had a $10.6 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2013. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 64.6% for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 63.5% for the year ended
December 31, 2012, primarily attributable to a concentration of commissions among higher producing professionals as well as higher recruitment costs in the current year.  
     Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by
$78.6 million, or 8.4%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily driven by strategic investments made in the current year, including increased headcount, as well as
higher insurance, legal, consulting, marketing and travel costs. Foreign currency translation had a $6.0 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
     EMEA        Revenue increased by $185.3 million, or 18.0%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the
year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was broad based, as every major business line showed growth, led by property sales and property, facilities and project management. Notable strength was evident in France, Spain and the United Kingdom.
Foreign currency translation had a $9.5 million positive impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2013.      
 Cost of services increased by $97.0 million, or 15.5%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2012 primarily due to an increase in bonuses in the United Kingdom due to improved operating performance. Higher salaries and related costs associated with our property, facilities and project management contracts and higher
payroll-related costs due to increased headcount also contributed to the variance. Foreign currency translation had a $6.2 million negative impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2013. Cost of services as a percentage of
revenue decreased to 59.3% for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 60.5% for the year ended December 31, 2012 primarily driven by an increase in transaction revenue in certain countries that have a significant fixed compensation
structure.        Operating, administrative and other
expenses increased by $66.5 million, or 18.5%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily driven by higher payroll-related costs, which resulted from increased headcount
and improved operating performance, as  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
well as an increase in insurance, marketing and travel costs. Also contributing to the increase were higher transaction and integration costs related to acquisitions, primarily associated with
the acquisition of Norland. Foreign currency translation had a $2.8 million negative impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
     Asia Pacific        Revenue increased by $55.6 million, or 6.8%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year
ended December 31, 2012. Improved overall performance in all countries within the region, most notably Australia, China, India and Japan, was partially muted by foreign currency translation, which had a $63.9 million negative impact on total
revenue during the year ended December 31, 2013.        Cost of services increased by $45.8 million, or 9.0%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012, driven by increased commission expense resulting from
higher sales transaction revenue and higher payroll-related costs due to increased headcount. Higher salaries and related costs associated with our property, facilities and project management contracts also contributed to the increase. Foreign
currency translation had a $37.5 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2013. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 63.8% for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 62.5% for the
year ended December 31, 2012, primarily attributable to a concentration of commissions among higher producing professionals in the current year.      
 Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $20.7 million, or 9.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to
the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily driven by higher payroll-related costs, which mainly resulted from increased headcount, primarily in Australia and China, as well as higher consulting, marketing and travel costs.
Foreign currency translation had a $16.6 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2013.      
 Global Investment Management      
 Revenue increased by $54.5 million, or 11.3%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31,
2012, primarily driven by carried interest revenue earned in the current year, partially offset by lower asset management fees and rental revenue from consolidated real estate assets. Foreign currency translation had a $1.7 million positive impact
on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2013.        Operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by $35.2 million, or 9.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. This decrease was
primarily driven by $36.9 million of lower transaction and integration costs associated with the REIM Acquisitions incurred in the current year as well as the impact of $9.3 million of impairment charges incurred in the prior year, which did not
recur in the current year. These items were partially offset by higher bonuses, which resulted from improved operating performance in the current year. Foreign currency translation had a $1.4 million negative impact on total operating expenses
during the year ended December 31, 2013.      
 Total AUM as of December 31, 2013 amounted to $89.1 billion, down 3.2% from year-end 2012, primarily due to asset sales. AUM
generally refers to the properties and other assets with respect to which we provide (or participate in) oversight, investment management services and other advice, and which generally consist of real estate properties or loans, securities
portfolios and investments in operating companies and joint ventures. Our AUM is intended principally to reflect the extent of our presence in the real estate market, not the basis for determining our management fees. Our material assets under
management consist of:      
 
 
   
 a) 
   the total fair market value of the real estate properties and other assets either wholly-owned or held by joint ventures and other entities in which
our sponsored funds or investment vehicles and client accounts have invested or to which they have provided financing. Committed (but unfunded) capital  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
from investors in our sponsored funds is not included in this component of our AUM. The value of development properties is included at estimated completion cost. In the case of real estate
operating companies, the total value of real properties controlled by the companies, generally through joint ventures, is included in AUM; and  
   
 
 
   
 b) 
 the net asset value of our managed securities portfolios, including investments (which may be comprised of committed but uncalled capital) in private real estate funds
under our fund of funds program.      
 Our calculation of AUM may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result, this measure may not be comparable to
similar measures presented by other asset managers.      
 Development Services      
 Revenue decreased by $25.6 million, or 32.5%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31,
2012, primarily attributable to lower rental revenue as a result of property dispositions.        Operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by $29.2 million, or 28.6%, for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. This decrease was
primarily driven by the impact of a $17.2 million impairment charge related to real estate assets incurred in the prior year, which did not recur in the current year, as well as lower property operating expenses as a result of the property
dispositions noted above in this segment’s revenue discussion.        As of December 31, 2013, development projects in process totaled $4.9 billion, up 16.7% from year-end 2012. The inventory of pipeline deals totaled $1.5 billion, down 28.6% from year-end 2012.
       Year Ended December 31, 2012 Compared to Year Ended
December 31, 2011        Americas  
     Revenue increased by $429.9 million, or 11.7%, for the year
ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. This improvement was primarily driven by higher sales, leasing and outsourcing activity as well as increased commercial mortgage brokerage revenue. Foreign currency
translation had a $23.8 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2012.      
 Cost of services increased by $281.1 million, or 12.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2011, primarily due to higher salaries and related costs associated with our property and facilities management contracts. Increased commission expense resulting from higher sales and lease transaction revenue also contributed to
an increase in cost of services in 2012. Foreign currency translation had an $11.0 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2012. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue were relatively consistent at
63.5% for the year ended December 31, 2012 versus 63.3% for the year ended December 31, 2011.      
 Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $31.3 million, or 3.5%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to
the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase was primarily driven by higher payroll-related costs, including bonuses, which resulted from increased headcount and improved operating performance. Foreign currency translation had a $7.9 million
positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2012.        EMEA        Revenue decreased by $44.8 million, or 4.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. Foreign currency translation had a $51.4 million negative
impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2012. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenue  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
increased $6.6 million driven by higher outsourcing and sales revenue, partially offset by lower leasing activity market-wide. Revenue grew modestly in the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United
Kingdom, but this was offset by reduced revenue in other countries in the region, most notably in France, which had a particularly strong year in 2011.      
 Cost of services decreased by $13.9 million, or 2.2%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended
December 31, 2011. Foreign currency translation had a $32.8 million positive impact on cost of services during the year ended December 31, 2012. This was partially offset by higher costs primarily associated with increased headcount
attributable to in-fill acquisitions completed in mid to late 2011. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue increased to 60.5% for the year ended December 31, 2012 from 59.3% for the year ended December 31, 2011, primarily driven by
our mix of revenue, with outsourcing revenue comprising a greater portion of the total than in 2011, as well as a decline in transaction revenue in certain countries that have a significant fixed cost compensation structure.  
     Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by
$7.4 million, or 2.1%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011, primarily due to higher cost containment expenses incurred in 2012 and increased costs, including payroll-related and occupancy
costs, partly stemming from in-fill acquisitions made in mid to late 2011. These costs were largely offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $17.0 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31,
2012.        Asia Pacific  
     Revenue increased by $28.5 million, or 3.6%, for the year
ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011, reflecting improved overall performance in several countries, particularly Australia, India and Singapore. Investment sales in the region saw less activity than in
2011. However, this was more than offset by growth in outsourcing, appraisal and lease revenue. Foreign currency translation had an $18.7 million negative impact on total revenue during the year ended December 31, 2012.  
     Cost of services increased by $18.2 million, or 3.7%, for the
year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011, driven by higher salaries and related costs associated with our property and facilities management contracts throughout the region and increases in headcount,
particularly in Australia (partially due to an in-fill acquisition completed in May 2011) as well as investments in China. These increases were partially offset by foreign currency translation, which had a $14.4 million positive impact on cost of
services during the year ended December 31, 2012 as well as lower commission expense attributable to the decrease in sales transaction revenue. Cost of services as a percentage of revenue was flat at 62.5% for both the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011.        Operating,
administrative and other expenses increased by $12.0 million, or 5.7%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. The increase was partially due to higher legal fees incurred in 2012, increased
costs stemming from an in-fill acquisition completed in Australia as well as investments in China. Foreign currency translation had a $1.3 million positive impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2012.  
     Global Investment Management  
     Revenue increased by $192.5 million, or 66.4%, for the year
ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011, driven by contributions from the REIM Acquisitions acquired in the second half of 2011. Foreign currency translation had a $14.3 million negative impact on total
revenue during the year ended December 31, 2012.        Operating, administrative and other expenses increased by $74.5 million, or 23.8%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. This increase was
primarily driven by an  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
increase in costs attributable to the REIM Acquisition and a $9.3 million impairment charge on a real estate asset incurred in 2012. Foreign currency translation had a $13.5 million positive
impact on total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2012.        Total AUM as of December 31, 2012 amounted to $92.0 billion, down 2.2% from year-end 2011.      
 Development Services      
 Revenue increased by $2.5 million, or 3.3%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to the year ended December 31,
2011, attributable to an increase in incentive fees, largely offset by lower rental revenue as a result of property dispositions in the later quarters of 2011.      
 Operating, administrative and other expenses decreased by $4.9 million, or 4.6%, for the year ended December 31, 2012 as compared to
the year ended December 31, 2011. This decrease was primarily driven by lower bonus expense partially due to higher gains on property sales in 2011 as well as lower property operating expenses as a result of the property dispositions noted
above in this segment’s revenue discussion. These decreases were mostly offset by higher impairment charges related to real estate assets incurred in 2012.      
 As of December 31, 2012, development projects in process totaled $4.2 billion, down $0.7 billion from year-end 2011. The inventory of
pipeline deals totaled $2.1 billion, up $0.9 billion from year-end 2011.        Liquidity and Capital Resources        We believe that we can satisfy our working capital requirements and funding of investments with internally generated cash flow and, as necessary, borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Our
expected capital requirements for 2014 include up to approximately $185 million of anticipated net capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2013, we had committed to fund $25.0 million of additional capital to unconsolidated subsidiaries within
our Development Services business, which may be called at any time. Additionally, as of December 31, 2013, we had aggregate commitments of $9.4 million to fund future co-investments in our Global Investment Management business, $8.1 million of
which is expected to be funded in 2014. In recent years, the global credit markets have remained tight, which could affect both the availability and cost of our funding sources in the future.        In 2013, we fortified our real estate outsourcing platform in Europe with the acquisition of London-based
Norland for approximately $475 million, which was financed with cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. During 2011, we required substantial amounts of debt financing to fund the REIM Acquisitions. The acquisitions included
substantially all of the ING REIM operations in Europe and Asia, as well as substantially all of CRES, its U.S.-based global real estate listed securities business, as well as certain CRES co-investments from ING and additional interests in other
funds managed by ING REIM Europe and ING REIM Asia. On July 1, 2011, we acquired CRES for $332.8 million and CRES co-investments from ING for an aggregate amount of $58.6 million, using borrowings from our term loan facility under our credit
agreement to finance these transactions. On October 3, 2011, we acquired ING REIM’s operations in Asia for $45.3 million and three ING REIM Asia co-investments from ING for an aggregate amount of $13.9 million, using borrowings from our
term loan facility under our credit agreement to finance these transactions. On October 31, 2011, we completed the ING REIM Europe portion of the REIM Acquisitions, acquiring ING REIM’s operations in Europe for $441.5 million and one
co-investment from ING for $7.4 million, using borrowings from our term loan facility under our credit agreement, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility to finance these transactions. During the year ended December 31,
2012, we also funded nine additional co-investments for an aggregate amount of $34.5 million related to ING REIM Europe.      
 We also conducted three debt offerings in recent years. The first, in 2009, was part of a capital restructuring in response to the global
economic recession, the second, in 2010, was to take advantage of low interest rates and term availability, and the third, in March 2013, was also to take advantage of market conditions to refinance
 
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
other debt. Absent extraordinary transactions such as these and the equity offerings we completed during the unprecedented global capital markets disruption in 2008 and 2009 as well as the debt
offerings we completed in 2009, 2010 and March 2013, we historically have not sought external sources of financing and have relied on our internally generated cash flow and our revolving credit facility to fund our working capital, capital
expenditure and investment requirements. In the absence of such extraordinary events, we anticipate that our cash flow from operations and our revolving credit facility would be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the
foreseeable future, but at a minimum for the next 12 months. From time to time, we may again seek to take advantage of market opportunities to refinance existing debt securities with new debt securities at lower interest rates, with longer
maturities or at better terms.        As evidenced
above, from time to time we consider potential strategic acquisitions. We believe that any future significant acquisitions that we may make could require us to obtain additional debt or equity financing. In the past, we have been able to obtain such
financing for material transactions on terms that we believed to be reasonable. However, it is possible that we may not be able to find acquisition financing on favorable terms, or at all, in the future if we decide to make any further material
acquisitions.        Our long-term liquidity needs,
other than those related to ordinary course obligations and commitments such as operating leases, generally are comprised of three elements. The first is the repayment of the outstanding and anticipated principal amounts of our long-term
indebtedness. We are unable to project with certainty whether our long-term cash flow from operations will be sufficient to repay our long-term debt when it comes due. If our cash flow is insufficient, then we expect that we would need to refinance
such indebtedness or otherwise amend its terms to extend the maturity dates. We cannot make any assurances that such refinancing or amendments would be available on attractive terms, if at all.  
     The second long-term liquidity need is the repayment of
obligations under our pension plans in the United Kingdom. Our subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom maintain two contributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to existing and former employees participating in the
plans. With respect to these plans, our historical policy has been to contribute annually, an amount to fund pension cost as actuarially determined and as required by applicable laws and regulations. Our contributions to these plans are invested
and, if these investments do not perform in the future as well as we expect, we will be required to provide additional funding to cover any shortfall. During 2007, we reached agreements with the active members of these plans to freeze future pension
plan benefits. In return, the active members became eligible to enroll in the CBRE Group Personal Pension plan, a defined contribution plan in the United Kingdom. The underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans included in pension
liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report was $68.0 million and $63.5 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. We expect to contribute a total of $6.2 million to fund
our pension plans for the year ending December 31, 2014.        The third long-term liquidity need is the payment of obligations related to acquisitions. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had $86.9 million and $14.7 million, respectively, of deferred purchase
consideration outstanding included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
     Historical Cash Flows  
     Operating Activities  
     Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $745.1
million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $454.0 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. This variance was primarily due to a decrease in real estate held for sale and under development and higher bonus
accruals in the current year. In addition, improved operating performance and greater collections on receivables in the current year contributed to the variance. These items were partially offset by higher bonus payments made in the current year.
 
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $291.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2012, a decrease of $70.1 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2012 was primarily due to higher bonuses, commissions and income taxes paid and
activities associated with securities acquired in our acquisition of CRES. In addition, increases in receivables and real estate held for sale and under development in 2012 as well as higher tenant concessions received in 2011 also contributed to
the variance. These items were partially offset by improved operating performance and an increase in accounts payable in 2012.      
 Investing Activities      
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled $465.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $267.3 million as
compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. This variance was primarily driven by greater amounts paid for acquisitions in the current year. This was partially offset by higher proceeds received from the sale of real estate held for
investment in the current year and a decrease in cash in the prior year as a result of the deconsolidation of CBRE Clarion U.S., L.P. in 2012. Higher contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries in 2012, greater distributions from unconsolidated
subsidiaries in the current year and a decrease in restricted cash in the current year versus an increase in restricted cash in the prior year also mitigated the increase in cash used in investing activities.  
     Net cash used in investing activities totaled $197.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of $282.6 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. The decrease in cash used in investing activities in 2012 was primarily driven by a greater amount of cash paid for the
REIM Acquisitions in 2011. This was partially offset by higher net proceeds received from the disposition of real estate held for investment in 2011, a decrease in cash as a result of the deconsolidation of CBRE Clarion U.S., L.P. in 2012 and higher
distributions from investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries in 2011.        Financing Activities        Net cash used in financing activities totaled $866.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $765.6 million as compared to the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in
cash used in financing activities was primarily due to our refinancing efforts during the year ended December 31, 2013, including the net repayment of $924.0 million of senior secured term loans and the redemption of $450.0 million of 11.625%
senior subordinated notes, partially offset by the issuance of $800.0 million of 5.00% senior notes. In addition, higher net repayments of notes payable on real estate within our Development Services segment in the current year and higher
distributions to non-controlling interests in the current year also contributed to the increase.        Net cash used in financing activities totaled $100.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 versus net cash provided by financing activities of $711.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2011. The increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily due to $800.0 million of tranche C and D term loan facilities drawn in 2011 to finance the REIM Acquisitions and proceeds from the British pound sterling A-1
term loan facility received in 2011. This was partially offset by higher net repayments of notes payable on real estate in 2011, greater distributions to non-controlling interests in 2011 as well as more financing costs paid in 2011.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Summary of Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments
       The following is a summary of our
various contractual obligations and other commitments as of December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments Due by Period 
   
 
   Contractual Obligations 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less than 1 year 
   
    
 1 – 3 years 
   
    
 3 – 5 years 
   
    
 More than 5 years 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Total debt (1) 
    
 $ 
 2,357,777 
    
    
 $ 
 559,342 
    
    
 $ 
 110,247 
    
    
 $ 
 335,550 
    
    
 $ 
 1,352,638 
    
 
   Operating leases (2) 
    
   
 1,154,833 
    
    
   
 188,435 
    
    
   
 317,987 
    
    
   
 244,642 
    
    
   
 403,769 
    
 
   Pension liability (3) (4) 
    
   
 68,012 
    
    
   
 68,012 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate (recourse) (5) 
    
   
 3,995 
    
    
   
 112 
    
    
   
 3,883 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate (non recourse) (5) 
    
   
 126,477 
    
    
   
 42,434 
    
    
   
 69,234 
    
    
   
 3,668 
    
    
   
 11,141 
    
 
   Deferred purchase consideration (6) 
    
   
 86,925 
    
    
   
 52,539 
    
    
   
 11,592 
    
    
   
 21,795 
    
    
   
 999 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Contractual Obligations 
    
 $ 
 3,798,019 
    
    
 $ 
 910,874 
    
    
 $ 
 512,943 
    
    
 $ 
 605,655 
    
    
 $ 
 1,768,547 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
    
   
 Amount of Other Commitments Expiration 
    
 
   Other Commitments 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less than 1 year 
   
    
 1 –  3 years 
   
    
 3 – 5 years 
   
    
 More than 5 years 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
   Letters of credit (2) 
    
 $ 
 11,144 
    
    
 $ 
 11,144 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Guarantees (2) (7) 
    
   
 14,273 
    
    
   
 14,273 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Co-investments (2) (8) 
    
   
 34,395 
    
    
   
 33,120 
    
    
   
 109 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,166 
    
 
   Tax liabilities (9) 
    
   
 47,204 
    
    
   
 32,404 
    
    
   
 14,800 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other (10) 
    
   
 65,748 
    
    
   
 65,748 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Other Commitments 
    
 $ 
 172,764 
    
    
 $ 
 156,689 
    
    
 $ 
 14,909 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,166 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 13 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Figures do not include scheduled interest payments.
Assuming each debt obligation is held until maturity, we estimate that we will make the following interest payments (dollars in thousands): 2014—$81,824; 2015 to 2016—$154,694; 2017 to 2018—$146,221 and thereafter—$227,017. The
interest payments on the variable rate debt have been calculated at the interest rate in effect at December 31, 2013.  
 
 
 (2) 
 See Note 14 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
 
 
 (3) 
 See Note 15 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Because these obligations are related, either wholly or partially, to the future retirement of our employees and such retirement dates are not predictable, an
undeterminable portion of this amount will be paid in years one through five.  
 
 
 (5) 
 See Note 12 of our Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Figures do not include scheduled interest payments.
The notes (primarily construction loans) have either fixed or variable interest rates, ranging from 2.42% to 6.04% at December 31, 2013. In general, interest is drawn on the underlying loan and subsequently paid with proceeds received upon the
sale of the real estate project.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Represents deferred obligations related to previous acquisitions, which are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2013 set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Due to the nature of guarantees, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain triggering events including default. Accordingly, all guarantees are
reflected as expiring in less than one year.  
 
 
 (8) 
 Includes $9.4 million related to our Global Investment Management segment, $8.1 million of which is expected to be funded in 2014 and $25.0 million related to our
Development Services segment (callable at any time).  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (9) 
 As of December 31, 2013, our current and non-current tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, totaled $97.9 million. Of this amount, we can reasonably
estimate that $32.4 million will require cash settlement in less than one year and $14.8 million will require cash settlement in one to three years. We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions for the
remaining $50.7 million.  
 
 
 (10) 
 Represents outstanding reserves for claims under certain insurance programs, which are included in other current and other long-term liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets at December 31, 2013 set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Due to the nature of this item, payments could be due at any time upon the occurrence of certain events. Accordingly, the entire balance has been reflected as
expiring in less than one year.      
 Significant Indebtedness      
 Our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to pay the principal amount of our indebtedness and other
obligations when due. In addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our
indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase.      
 Since 2001, we have maintained credit facilities with Credit Suisse Group AG, or CS, and other lenders to fund strategic acquisitions and
to provide for our working capital needs. On November 10, 2010, we entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the 2010 Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks led by CS, as administrative and collateral agent, to completely refinance our
previous credit facilities. On March 4, 2011, we entered into an amendment to our 2010 Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase flexibility to various covenants to accommodate the REIM Acquisitions and to maintain the availability of
the $800.0 million incremental facility under the 2010 Credit Agreement. On March 4, 2011, we also entered into an incremental assumption agreement to allow for the establishment of new tranche C and tranche D term loan facilities. On
November 10, 2011, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement led jointly by HSBC Bank USA, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to allow for the establishment of a new tranche A-1 term loan facility, which also reduced the $800.0
million incremental facility under the 2010 Credit Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we completed a series of financing transactions, which included the repayment of $1.6 billion of our senior secured term loans under our
previous credit agreement. On March 28, 2013, we entered into a new credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks led by CS, as administrative and collateral agent, to completely refinance our previous credit agreement.
       Our Credit Agreement currently provides for the
following: (1) a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, including revolving credit loans, letters of credit and a swingline loan facility, maturing on March 28, 2018; (2) a $500.0 million tranche A term loan facility (of which $300.0
million was on an optional delayed-draw basis for up to 120 days from March 28, 2013, which we drew down in June 2013 to partially fund the redemption of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes) requiring quarterly principal payments, which began
on June 30, 2013 and continue through maturity on March 28, 2018; and (3) a $215.0 million tranche B term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on June 30, 2013 and continue through December 31,
2020, with the balance payable at maturity on March 28, 2021.        The revolving credit facility allows for borrowings outside of the United States, with a $10.0 million sub-facility available to one of our Canadian subsidiaries, a $35.0 million sub-facility available to
one of our Australian subsidiaries and one of our New Zealand subsidiaries and a $150.0 million sub-facility available to one of our U.K. subsidiaries. Additionally, outstanding borrowings under these sub-facilities may be up to 5.0% higher as
allowed under the currency fluctuation provision in the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest at varying rates, based at our option, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 1.15% to 2.25% or the daily rate
plus 0.125% to 1.25% as determined by reference to our ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement). As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had $142.5 million and $73.0 million, respectively, of revolving
credit facility principal outstanding with related  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
weighted average interest rates of 2.2% and 3.2%, respectively, which are included in short-term borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. As
of December 31, 2013, letters of credit totaling $11.6 million were outstanding under the revolving credit facility. These letters of credit were primarily issued in the normal course of business as well as in connection with certain insurance
programs and reduce the amount we may borrow under the revolving credit facility.        Borrowings under the term loan facilities bear interest, based at our option, on the following: for the tranche A term loan facility, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 1.50% to 2.75% or the daily
rate plus 0.50% to 1.75%, as determined by reference to our ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and for the tranche B term loan facility, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 2.75% or the daily
rate plus 1.75%. As of December 31, 2013, we had $685.3 million of term loan facilities principal outstanding (including $471.9 million of tranche A term loan facility and $213.4 million of tranche B term loan facility), which are included in
the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. As of December 31, 2012, we had $1.6 billion of term loan facilities principal outstanding under our previous credit agreement (including $271.2 million, $275.2
million, $293.3 million, $394.0 million, and $394.0 million, respectively, of tranche A, tranche A-1, tranche B, tranche C and tranche D term loan facilities principal outstanding), which are also included in the consolidated balance sheets set
forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.        In
March 2011, we entered into five interest rate swap agreements, all with effective dates in October 2011, and immediately designated them as cash flow hedges in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards
Codification, or ASC, Topic 815, “ Derivatives and Hedging .” The purpose of these interest rate swap agreements is to hedge potential changes to our cash flows due to the variable interest nature of our senior secured term loan
facilities. The total notional amount of these interest rate swap agreements is $400.0 million, with $200.0 million expiring in October 2017 and $200.0 million expiring in September 2019. There was no significant hedge ineffectiveness for the years
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the fair values of such interest rate swap agreements were reflected as a $29.0 million liability and a $48.0 million liability, respectively, and were included in
other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.      
 The Credit Agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our
Credit Agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our U.S. subsidiaries and 65.0% of the capital stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Also, the Credit Agreement requires us to pay a fee based on the total
amount of the revolving credit facility commitment.      
 On March 14, 2013, CBRE Services, Inc., or CBRE, our wholly-owned subsidiary, issued $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
5.00% senior notes due March 15, 2023. The 5.00% senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured
indebtedness. The 5.00% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each subsidiary of CBRE that guarantees our Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 5.00% per year and is payable semi-annually
in arrears on March 15 and September 15, beginning on September 15, 2013. The 5.00% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, on or after March 15, 2018 at a redemption price of 102.5% of the principal amount on
that date and at declining prices thereafter. At any time prior to March 15, 2016, we may redeem up to 35.0% of the original principal amount of the 5.00% senior notes using the net cash proceeds from certain public offerings. In addition, at
any time prior to March 15, 2018, the 5.00% senior notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption, and an
applicable premium (as defined in the indenture governing these notes), which is based on the excess of the present value of the March 15, 2018 redemption price plus all remaining interest payments through March 15, 2018, over the
principal amount of the 5.00% senior notes on such redemption date. If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing these notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 5.00% senior
notes at a redemption price of 101.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The amount of the 5.00% senior notes included in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report was $800.0 million
at December 31, 2013.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On October 8, 2010, CBRE issued $350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625%
senior notes due October 15, 2020. The 6.625% senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness.
The 6.625% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each subsidiary of CBRE that guarantees our Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 6.625% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on
April 15 and October 15, having commenced on April 15, 2011. The 6.625% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, on or after October 15, 2014 at a redemption price of 104.969% of the principal amount on
that date and at declining prices thereafter. At any time prior to October 15, 2014, the 6.625% senior notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid
interest and an applicable premium (as defined in the indenture governing these notes), which is based on the greater of 1.00% of the principal amount of the 6.625% senior notes and the excess of the present value of the October 15, 2014
redemption price plus all remaining interest payments through October 15, 2014, over the principal amount of the 6.625% senior notes on such redemption date. In addition, prior to October 15, 2013, up to 35.0% of the original issued amount
of the 6.625% senior notes may have been redeemed at a redemption price of 106.625% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, solely with the net cash proceeds from public equity offerings. If a change of control triggering event
(as defined in the indenture governing our 6.625% senior notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 6.625% senior notes at a redemption price of 101.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid
interest. The amount of the 6.625% senior notes included in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report was $350.0 million at both December 31, 2013 and 2012.  
     Our Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our 5.00%
senior notes and 6.625% senior notes contain numerous restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make distributions to stockholders, repurchase capital stock or debt, make
investments, sell assets or subsidiary stock, create or permit liens on assets, engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into sale/leaseback transactions, issue subsidiary equity and enter into consolidations or mergers. Our Credit Agreement
also currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to total interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit
Agreement) of 4.25x. Our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was 8.97x for the year ended December 31, 2013 and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.43x as of December 31, 2013. We may from
time to time, in our sole discretion, look for opportunities to refinance or reduce our outstanding debt under our Credit Agreement and under our 5.00% senior notes and 6.625% senior notes.        On June 18, 2009, CBRE issued $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 11.625% senior subordinated
notes due June 15, 2017 for approximately $435.9 million, net of discount. The 11.625% senior subordinated notes were unsecured senior subordinated obligations of CBRE and were jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by
us and our domestic subsidiaries that guarantee our Credit Agreement. Interest accrued at a rate of 11.625% per year and was payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15. As permitted by the indenture governing
these notes, on June 15, 2013, we redeemed all of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes. In connection with this early redemption, we paid a premium of $26.2 million and wrote off $16.1 million of unamortized deferred financing costs and
unamortized discount. The amount of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes included in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report, net of unamortized discount, was $440.5 million at December 31, 2012.
       From time to time, Moody’s Investor Service,
Inc., or Moody’s, and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, or Standard & Poor’s, rate our senior debt. For example, on June 27, 2013, Standard & Poor’s confirmed our BB long-term issuer credit
rating with a positive outlook. They also confirmed our BB rating for our new Credit Agreement and B+ rating for the $800.0 million of 5.00% senior notes. Neither the Moody’s nor the Standard & Poor’s ratings impact our ability to
borrow under our Credit Agreement. However, these ratings would positively impact the interest rates under our Credit Agreement should our ratings improve to investment grade. In addition, these ratings may impact our ability to borrow under
new agreements in the future and the interest rates of any such future borrowings.  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We had short-term borrowings of $517.1 million and $1.1 billion as of December 31, 2013
and 2012, respectively, with related weighted average interest rates of 1.9% and 2.4%, respectively, which are included in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.  
     On March 2, 2007, we entered into a $50.0 million credit
note with Wells Fargo Bank for the purpose of purchasing eligible investments, which include cash equivalents, agency securities, A1/P1 commercial paper and eligible money market funds. The proceeds of this note are not made generally available
to us, but instead are deposited in an investment account maintained by Wells Fargo Bank and used and applied solely to purchase eligible investment securities. This agreement has been amended several times and currently provides for a
$40.0 million revolving credit note, bears interest at 0.25% and has a maturity date of April 1, 2014. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no amounts outstanding under this note.  
     On March 4, 2008, we entered into a $35.0 million credit
and security agreement with Bank of America, or BofA, for the purpose of purchasing eligible financial instruments, which include A1/P1 commercial paper, U.S. Treasury securities, Government Sponsored Enterprise, or GSE, discount notes (as defined
in the credit and security agreement) and money market funds. The proceeds of this loan are not made generally available to us, but instead are deposited in an investment account maintained by BofA and used and applied solely to purchase eligible
financial instruments. This agreement has been amended several times and currently provides for a $5.0 million credit line, bears interest at 1% and has a maturity date of April 30, 2015. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no
amounts outstanding under this agreement.        On
August 19, 2008, we entered into a $15.0 million uncommitted facility with First Tennessee Bank for the purpose of purchasing investments, which include cash equivalents, agency securities, A1/P1 commercial paper and eligible money market
funds. The proceeds of this facility are not made generally available to us, but instead are held in a collateral account maintained by First Tennessee Bank. This agreement has been amended several times and currently provides for a $4.0 million
credit line, bears interest at 0.25% and has a maturity date of August 31, 2014. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility.  
     Our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, has the
following warehouse lines of credit: credit agreements with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., or JP Morgan, BofA, TD Bank, N.A., or TD Bank, and Capital One, N.A., or Capital One, for the purpose of funding mortgage loans that will be resold, and a
funding arrangement with Federal National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, for the purpose of selling a percentage of certain closed multifamily loans.      
 On November 15, 2005, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a secured credit agreement with JP Morgan to establish a warehouse line of
credit. This agreement has been amended several times and currently provides for a $200.0 million line of credit, bears interest at the daily LIBOR plus 1.90% and has a maturity date of October 27, 2014.  
     On April 16, 2008, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a
secured credit agreement with BofA to establish a warehouse line of credit. The senior secured revolving line of credit currently provides for a $200.0 million line of credit, bears interest at the daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.60% with a maturity
date of May 28, 2014.        In August 2009, CBRE
Capital Markets entered into a funding arrangement with Fannie Mae under its Multifamily As Soon As Pooled Plus Agreement and its Multifamily As Soon As Pooled Sale Agreement, or ASAP Program. Under the ASAP Program, CBRE Capital Markets may elect,
on a transaction by transaction basis, to sell a percentage of certain closed multifamily loans to Fannie Mae on an expedited basis. After all contingencies are satisfied, the ASAP Program requires that CBRE Capital Markets repurchase the interest
in the multifamily loan previously sold to Fannie Mae followed by either a full delivery back to Fannie Mae via whole loan execution or a securitization into a mortgage backed security. Under this agreement, the maximum outstanding balance under the
ASAP Program cannot exceed $200.0 million and, between the sale date to Fannie  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Mae and the repurchase date by CBRE Capital Markets, the outstanding balance bears interest and is payable to Fannie Mae at the daily LIBOR rate plus 1.35% with a LIBOR floor of 0.35%. This
arrangement is cancelable by Fannie Mae with notice.        On December 21, 2010, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a secured credit agreement with TD Bank to establish a warehouse line of credit. The secured revolving line of credit has been amended several
times and currently provides for a $300.0 million line of credit, bears interest at the daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.50% with a maturity date of June 30, 2014.  
     On July 30, 2012, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a
secured credit agreement with Capital One to establish a warehouse line of credit. This agreement provides for a $200.0 million senior secured revolving line of credit and bears interest at the daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.65% with a maturity date
of July 29, 2014.        On September 21,
2012, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a repurchase facility with JP Morgan for additional warehouse capacity pursuant to a Master Repurchase Agreement. This agreement provided for a $200.0 million warehouse facility, bore interest at the daily
one-month LIBOR plus 2.25% and expired on January 16, 2014.        During the year ended December 31, 2013, we had a maximum of $1.1 billion of warehouse lines of credit principal outstanding. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had $374.6 million and $1.0
billion of warehouse lines of credit principal outstanding, respectively, which are included in short-term borrowings in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. Additionally, we had $381.5 million and $1.0
billion of mortgage loans held for sale (warehouse receivables), as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which substantially represented mortgage loans funded through the lines of credit that, while committed to be purchased, had not
yet been purchased and which are also included in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.      
 A significant number of our subsidiaries in Europe have had a Euro cash pool loan since 2001, which is used to fund their short-term
liquidity needs. The Euro cash pool loan is an overdraft line for our European operations issued by HSBC Bank. The Euro cash pool loan has no stated maturity date and bears interest at varying rates based on LIBOR plus 2.0%. As of December 31,
2013 and 2012, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility.        Pension Liability        Our subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom maintain two contributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to existing and former employees participating in the plans. The
underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans included in pension liability in the consolidated balance sheets set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report was $68.0 million and $63.5 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. We expect to contribute a total of $6.2 million to fund our pension plans for the year ending December 31, 2014.      
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      
 We had outstanding letters of credit totaling $11.1 million as of December 31, 2013, excluding letters of credit for which we have
outstanding liabilities already accrued on our consolidated balance sheet related to our subsidiaries’ outstanding reserves for claims under certain insurance programs as well as letters of credit related to operating leases. These letters of
credit are primarily executed by us in the ordinary course of business and expire at varying dates through December 2014.      
 We had guarantees totaling $14.3 million as of December 31, 2013, excluding guarantees related to pension liabilities, consolidated
indebtedness and other obligations for which we have outstanding liabilities already accrued on our consolidated balance sheet, and operating leases. The $14.3 million partly consists of guarantees
 
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
related to our defined benefit pension plans in the United Kingdom (in excess of our outstanding pension liability of $68.0 million as of December 31, 2013), which are continuous guarantees
that will not expire until all amounts have been paid out for our pension liabilities. The remainder of the guarantees mainly represents guarantees of obligations of unconsolidated subsidiaries, which expire at varying dates through June 2017, as
well as various guarantees of management contracts in our operations overseas, which expire at the end of each of the respective agreements.      
 In addition, as of December 31, 2013, we had numerous completion and budget guarantees relating to development projects. These
guarantees are made by us in the ordinary course of our Development Services business. Each of these guarantees requires us to complete construction of the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us
potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. However, we generally have “guaranteed maximum price” contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these
guarantees. These contracts are intended to pass the risk to such contractors. While there can be no assurance, we do not expect to incur any material losses under these guarantees.        In January 2008, CBRE Multifamily Capital, Inc., or CBRE MCI, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CBRE Capital
Markets, Inc., entered into an agreement with Fannie Mae, under Fannie Mae’s Delegated Underwriting and Servicing Lender Program, or DUS Program, to provide financing for multifamily housing with five or more units. Under the DUS Program,
CBRE MCI originates, underwrites, closes and services loans without prior approval by Fannie Mae, and in selected cases, is subject to sharing up to one-third of any losses on loans originated under the DUS Program. CBRE MCI has funded loans subject
to such loss sharing arrangements with unpaid principal balances of $7.8 billion at December 31, 2013. Additionally, CBRE MCI has funded loans under the DUS Program that are not subject to loss sharing arrangements with unpaid principal
balances of approximately $369.0 million at December 31, 2013. CBRE MCI, under its agreement with Fannie Mae, must post cash reserves under formulas established by Fannie Mae to provide for sufficient capital in the event losses
occur. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, CBRE MCI had $16.6 million and $9.1 million, respectively, of cash deposited under this reserve arrangement, and had provided approximately $13.8 million and $10.6 million, respectively, of loan
loss accruals. Fannie Mae’s recourse under the DUS Program is limited to the assets of CBRE MCI, which totaled approximately $367.4 million (including $226.4 million of warehouse receivables, a substantial majority of which are pledged against
warehouse lines of credit and are therefore not available to Fannie Mae) at December 31, 2013.        An important part of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients. These co-investments typically range
from 2.0% to 5.0% of the equity in a particular fund. As of December 31, 2013, we had aggregate commitments of $9.4 million to fund future co-investments, $8.1 million of which is expected to be funded in 2014. In addition to required future
capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets and the failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests
in these investments.        Additionally, an important
part of our Development Services business strategy is to invest in unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries as a principal (in most cases co-investing with our clients). As of December 31, 2013, we had committed to fund $25.0 million of
additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries, which may be called at any time.        Seasonality        A significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which an investor should keep in mind when comparing our financial condition and results of operations on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Historically, our
revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tends to be lower in the first two quarters and higher in the third and fourth quarters of each year. Earnings and cash flow have generally been concentrated in the
 
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
fourth quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to calendar year-end. This has historically resulted in lower profits or a loss in the first quarter,
with revenue and profitability improving in each subsequent quarter.        Inflation        Our commissions and other variable costs related to revenue are primarily affected by real estate market supply and demand, which may be affected by general economic conditions including inflation.
However, to date, we do not believe that general inflation has had a material impact upon our operations.        New Accounting Pronouncements        In March 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, 2013-05,  “Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830): Parent’s Accounting for the
Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity.”  This ASU states that when a reporting entity (parent) ceases to have a
controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity or a business (other than a sale of in substance real estate or conveyance of oil and gas mineral rights) within a foreign entity, the parent is required
to apply the guidance in Subtopic 830-30 to release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income. Accordingly, the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the
complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. ASU 2013-05 is effective prospectively for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within those years) beginning after
December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the adoption of this update will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.  
     In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-11, “ Income
Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists. ” This ASU states that an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an
unrecognized tax benefit, should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward, except as follows: To the extent a net
operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a
tax position or the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction does not require the entity to use, and the entity does not intend to use, the deferred tax asset for such purpose, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial
statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. This ASU applies to all entities that have unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists at
the reporting date. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. This ASU should be applied prospectively to all unrecognized tax benefits that
exist at the effective date, with retrospective application permitted. We do not believe the adoption of this update will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position.        Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     Our exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations related to our international operations and changes in interest rates on debt obligations. We manage such risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of our debt funding and by using derivative financial
instruments. We apply the “ Derivatives and Hedging ” Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) (Topic 815) when accounting for derivative financial instruments. In all cases, we
view derivative financial instruments as a risk management tool and, accordingly, do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Exchange Rates  
     During the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately
39% of our business was transacted in local currencies of foreign countries, the majority of which includes the Euro, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Chinese yuan, the Hong Kong dollar, the Japanese yen, the Singapore dollar,
the Australian dollar and the Indian rupee. We attempt to manage our exposure primarily by balancing assets and liabilities and maintaining cash positions in foreign currencies only at levels necessary for operating purposes. Fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates affect reported amounts of our total assets and liabilities, which are reflected in our financial statements as translated into U.S. dollars for each financial reporting period at the exchange rate in effect on the respective
balance sheet dates, and our total revenue and expenses, which are reflected in our financial statements as translated into U.S. dollars for each financial reporting period at the monthly average exchange rate. During the year ended
December 31, 2013, foreign currency translation had a $73.4 million negative impact on our total revenue and a $60.3 million positive impact on our total costs of services and operating, administrative and other expenses.  
     We routinely monitor our exposure to currency exchange rate
changes in connection with transactions and sometimes enter into foreign currency exchange option and forward contracts to limit our exposure to such transactions, as appropriate. In the normal course of business, we also sometimes utilize
derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate foreign currency exchange exposure resulting from intercompany loans, expected cash flow and earnings. On March 22, 2013, we entered into three
option agreements, including one to sell a notional amount of 9.5 million Euros, which expired on June 26, 2013, one to sell a notional amount of 4.5 million Euros, which expired on September 26, 2013 and one to sell a notional
amount of 21.0 million Euros, which expired on December 27, 2013. On September 4, 2013, we entered into two option agreements, including one to sell a notional amount of 6.1 million British pounds sterling, which expired on
September 26, 2013 and one to sell a notional amount of 13.7 million British pounds sterling, which expired on December 27, 2013. Included in the consolidated statement of operations set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report were
losses of $1.8 million and $4.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, resulting from net losses on foreign currency exchange option agreements. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we did not have any foreign
currency exchange contracts outstanding.      
 Interest Rates      
 We manage our interest expense by using a combination of fixed and variable rate debt. Excluding notes payable on real estate, our fixed
and variable rate long-term debt at December 31, 2013 consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Year of Maturity 
    
 Fixed Rate 
   
   
 LIBOR + 1.75% (1) 
   
   
 LIBOR + 2.75% (1) 
   
   
 (2) 
   
   
 (3) 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 2,611 
    
   
 $ 
 37,500 
    
   
 $ 
 2,150 
    
   
 $ 
 374,597 
    
   
 $ 
 142,484 
    
   
 $ 
 559,342 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 1,392 
    
   
   
 37,500 
    
   
   
 2,150 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 41,042 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 1,430 
    
   
   
 65,625 
    
   
   
 2,150 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 69,205 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 253,125 
    
   
   
 2,150 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 255,275 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 78,125 
    
   
   
 2,150 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 80,275 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 1,150,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 202,638 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,352,638 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,155,433 
    
   
 $ 
 471,875 
    
   
 $ 
 213,388 
    
   
 $ 
 374,597 
    
   
 $ 
 142,484 
    
   
 $ 
 2,357,777 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted Average Interest Rate 
    
   
 5.5 
 %  
   
   
 1.9 
 %  
   
   
 2.9 
 %  
   
   
 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 2.2 
 %  
   
   
 3.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Consists of amounts due under our senior secured term loan facilities.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Consists of amounts due under our warehouse lines of credit as follows (dollars in thousands): $150,712 at daily one-month LIBOR + 1.60%; $94,889 at daily one-month
LIBOR + 1.50%; $65,800 at daily Chase-London LIBOR + 1.90%; $36,812 at daily one-month LIBOR + 1.65%; $16,464 at daily one-month LIBOR + 2.25% and $9,920 at daily LIBOR + 1.35% with a LIBOR floor of 0.35%.  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (3) 
 Consists of amounts due under our revolving credit facility as follows (dollars in thousands): $90,772 at 30 day EUR LIBOR + 1.40%; $18,230 at 30 day GBP LIBOR +
1.40%; $18,000 at 30 day USD LIBOR + 1.40%; $11,697 at Australia Bill Rate + 1.40% and $3,785 at New Zealand Bill Rate + 1.63%.      
 We utilize sensitivity analyses to assess the potential effect of our variable rate debt. If interest rates were to increase by 10.0% on
our outstanding variable rate debt, excluding notes payable on real estate, at December 31, 2013, the net impact of the additional interest cost would be a decrease of $2.5 million on pre-tax income and a decrease of $2.5 million on cash
provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2013.        The estimated fair value of our senior secured term loans was approximately $687.6 million at December 31, 2013. Based on dealers’ quotes, the estimated fair values of our 5.00% senior notes and
6.625% senior notes were $769.4 million and $372.8 million, respectively, at December 31, 2013.      
 In March 2011, we entered into five interest rate swap agreements, all with effective dates in October 2011, and immediately designated
them as cash flow hedges in accordance with Topic 815. The purpose of these interest rate swap agreements is to hedge potential changes to our cash flows due to the variable interest nature of our senior secured term loan facilities. The total
notional amount of these interest rate swap agreements is $400.0 million, with $200.0 million expiring in October 2017 and $200.0 million expiring in September 2019. There was no significant hedge ineffectiveness for the years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012. As of December 31, 2013, the fair values of these interest rate swap agreements were reflected as a $29.0 million liability and were included in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets set
forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report.        We
also have $130.5 million of notes payable on real estate as of December 31, 2013. These notes have interest rates ranging from 2.42% to 6.04% with maturity dates extending through 2023. Interest costs relating to notes payable on real estate
include both interest that is expensed and interest that is capitalized as part of the cost of real estate. If interest rates were to increase by 10.0%, our total estimated interest cost related to notes payable would increase by approximately $0.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2013. From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap and cap agreements in order to limit our interest expense related to our notes payable on real estate. If any of these agreements are not
designated as effective hedges, then they are marked to market each period with the change in fair value recognized in current period earnings. The net impact on our earnings resulting from gains and/or losses on interest rate swap and cap
agreements associated with notes payable on real estate has not been significant.        We also enter into loan commitments that relate to the origination or acquisition of commercial mortgage loans that will be held for resale. FASB ASC Topic 815 requires that these commitments be recorded
at their fair values as derivatives. The net impact on our financial position and earnings resulting from these derivatives contracts has not been significant.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
     INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 71 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 73 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 74 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 
31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
    
   
 75 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 76 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 77 
    
 
 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 78 
    
 
 
 
 
   Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) 
    
   
 152 
    
 
 
 
 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
    
   
 156 
    
 
 
 
 
   Schedule III—Real Estate Investments and Accumulated Depreciation 
    
   
 157 
    
       All other schedules are omitted because they
are either not applicable, not required or the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes thereto.  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
       The Board of Directors and Stockholders  
 CBRE Group, Inc.:        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CBRE Group, Inc. (the Company) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the related financial
statement schedules. We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework  (1992)  issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules, for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying  Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.  
     We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.      
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
       Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.        CBRE
Group, Inc. acquired London-based Norland Managed Services Ltd during 2013 (“Acquired Business”) as defined in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of CBRE Group,
Inc’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, the Acquired Business’s internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of $680.2 million included in the consolidated financial
statements of CBRE Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of CBRE Group, Inc. also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of the Acquired
Business.  
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of CBRE Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein. Also in our opinion, CBRE Group, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.      
 /s/ KPMG LLP        Los Angeles, California    March 3, 2014  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (Dollars in thousands, except share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 491,912 
    
   
 $ 
 1,089,297 
    
 
   Restricted cash 
    
   
 61,155 
    
   
   
 73,676 
    
 
   Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $40,262 and $35,492 at December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively 
    
   
 1,486,489 
    
   
   
 1,262,823 
    
 
   Warehouse receivables 
    
   
 381,545 
    
   
   
 1,048,340 
    
 
   Trading securities 
    
   
 58,442 
    
   
   
 101,331 
    
 
   Income taxes receivable 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 17,847 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses 
    
   
 125,151 
    
   
   
 101,617 
    
 
   Deferred tax assets, net 
    
   
 188,533 
    
   
   
 205,746 
    
 
   Real estate and other assets held for sale 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 130,499 
    
 
   Real estate under development 
    
   
 19,133 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Available for sale securities 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 679 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 67,452 
    
   
   
 52,695 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Assets 
    
   
 2,879,812 
    
   
   
 4,084,550 
    
 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
   
 458,596 
    
   
   
 379,176 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 2,290,474 
    
   
   
 1,889,602 
    
 
   Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $348,566 and $273,631 at December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively 
    
   
 841,228 
    
   
   
 786,793 
    
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 198,696 
    
   
   
 206,798 
    
 
   Real estate under development 
    
   
 822 
    
   
   
 27,316 
    
 
   Real estate held for investment 
    
   
 106,999 
    
   
   
 235,045 
    
 
   Available for sale securities 
    
   
 56,800 
    
   
   
 57,121 
    
 
   Other assets, net 
    
   
 164,987 
    
   
   
 143,141 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 6,998,414 
    
   
 $ 
 7,809,542 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 817,519 
    
   
 $ 
 582,294 
    
 
   Compensation and employee benefits payable 
    
   
 486,993 
    
   
   
 440,191 
    
 
   Accrued bonus and profit sharing 
    
   
 612,114 
    
   
   
 540,144 
    
 
   Securities sold, not yet purchased 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 54,103 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 11,111 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Short-term borrowings: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Warehouse lines of credit 
    
   
 374,597 
    
   
   
 1,026,381 
    
 
   Revolving credit facility 
    
   
 142,484 
    
   
   
 72,964 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 16 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
    
   
 517,097 
    
   
   
 1,099,361 
    
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
    
   
 42,245 
    
   
   
 73,156 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate 
    
   
 62,017 
    
   
   
 35,212 
    
 
   Liabilities related to real estate and other assets held for sale 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 104,627 
    
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 56,644 
    
   
   
 43,205 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Liabilities 
    
   
 2,605,740 
    
   
   
 2,972,293 
    
 
   Long-Term Debt: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   5.00% senior notes 
    
   
 800,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Senior secured term loans 
    
   
 645,613 
    
   
   
 1,557,069 
    
 
   6.625% senior notes 
    
   
 350,000 
    
   
   
 350,000 
    
 
   11.625% senior subordinated notes, net of unamortized discount of $9,477 at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 440,523 
    
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
   
 2,822 
    
   
   
 6,857 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Long-Term Debt 
    
   
 1,798,435 
    
   
   
 2,354,449 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate 
    
   
 68,455 
    
   
   
 189,258 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities, net 
    
   
 160,777 
    
   
   
 191,962 
    
 
   Non-current tax liabilities 
    
   
 65,520 
    
   
   
 81,875 
    
 
   Pension liability 
    
   
 68,012 
    
   
   
 63,528 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 295,469 
    
   
   
 274,365 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 5,062,408 
    
   
   
 6,127,730 
    
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   CBRE Group, Inc. Stockholders’ Equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Class A common stock; $0.01 par value; 525,000,000 shares authorized; 331,927,166 and 330,082,187 shares issued and
outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively 
    
   
 3,319 
    
   
   
 3,301 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 981,997 
    
   
   
 960,900 
    
 
   Accumulated earnings 
    
   
 1,056,592 
    
   
   
 740,054 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (146,123 
 )  
   
   
 (165,044 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total CBRE Group, Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
    
   
 1,895,785 
    
   
   
 1,539,211 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests 
    
   
 40,221 
    
   
   
 142,601 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity 
    
   
 1,936,006 
    
   
   
 1,681,812 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
    
 $ 
 6,998,414 
    
   
 $ 
 7,809,542 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  (Dollars in thousands, except share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 7,184,794 
    
    
 $ 
 6,514,099 
    
   
 $ 
 5,905,411 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 4,189,389 
    
    
   
 3,742,514 
    
   
   
 3,457,130 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 2,104,310 
    
    
   
 2,002,914 
    
   
   
 1,882,666 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 190,390 
    
    
   
 169,645 
    
   
   
 115,719 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 98,129 
    
    
   
 19,826 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
    
   
 6,582,218 
    
    
   
 5,934,899 
    
   
   
 5,455,515 
    
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 13,552 
    
    
   
 5,881 
    
   
   
 12,966 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 616,128 
    
    
   
 585,081 
    
   
   
 462,862 
    
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 64,422 
    
    
   
 60,729 
    
   
   
 104,776 
    
 
   Other income 
    
   
 13,523 
    
    
   
 11,093 
    
   
   
 2,706 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 6,289 
    
    
   
 7,643 
    
   
   
 9,443 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 135,082 
    
    
   
 175,068 
    
   
   
 150,249 
    
 
   Write-off of financing costs 
    
   
 56,295 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 508,985 
    
    
   
 489,478 
    
   
   
 429,538 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 187,187 
    
    
   
 185,322 
    
   
   
 189,103 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
    
   
 321,798 
    
    
   
 304,156 
    
   
   
 240,435 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
    
   
 26,997 
    
    
   
 631 
    
   
   
 49,890 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
   
 348,795 
    
    
   
 304,787 
    
   
   
 290,325 
    
 
   Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 32,257 
    
    
   
 (10,768 
 )  
   
   
 51,163 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
 $ 
 315,555 
    
   
 $ 
 239,162 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Basic income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 0.95 
    
    
 $ 
 0.97 
    
   
 $ 
 0.73 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
   
 0.01 
    
    
   
 0.01 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 0.96 
    
    
 $ 
 0.98 
    
   
 $ 
 0.75 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 328,110,004 
    
    
   
 322,315,576 
    
   
   
 318,454,191 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 0.94 
    
    
 $ 
 0.96 
    
   
 $ 
 0.72 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
   
 0.01 
    
    
   
 0.01 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 0.95 
    
    
 $ 
 0.97 
    
   
 $ 
 0.74 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 331,762,854 
    
    
   
 327,044,145 
    
   
   
 323,723,755 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Amounts attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 314,229 
    
    
 $ 
 313,853 
    
   
 $ 
 233,517 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
    
   
 2,309 
    
    
   
 1,702 
    
   
   
 5,645 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
 $ 
 315,555 
    
   
 $ 
 239,162 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
   
 $348,795 
    
   
   
 $304,787 
    
   
   
 $290,325 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
    
   
 7,390 
    
   
   
 (997 
 )  
   
   
 (24,165 
 )  
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net of $7,557 income tax for the year ended
December 31, 2013 and $3,316 and $16,278 income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 11,512 
    
   
   
 (4,924 
 )  
   
   
 (23,623 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities, net of $756, $43 and $42 income tax for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 1,151 
    
   
   
 475 
    
   
   
 77 
    
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net of $1,409, $1,131 and $6,639 income tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, respectively 
    
   
 (5,638 
 )  
   
   
 (947 
 )  
   
   
 (19,088 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 3,720 
    
   
   
 (598 
 )  
   
   
 2,022 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 18,135 
    
   
   
 (6,991 
 )  
   
   
 (64,777 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
   
 366,930 
    
   
   
 297,796 
    
   
   
 225,548 
    
 
   Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 31,471 
    
   
   
 (11,154 
 )  
   
   
 50,223 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 335,459 
    
   
 $ 
 308,950 
    
   
 $ 
 175,325 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (Dollars in thousands)  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 348,795 
    
   
 $ 
 304,787 
    
   
 $ 
 290,325 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 191,270 
    
   
   
 170,905 
    
   
   
 116,930 
    
 
   Amortization and write-off of financing costs 
   
   
 28,871 
    
   
   
 9,518 
    
   
   
 7,453 
    
 
   Amortization of debt discount 
   
   
 9,477 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
   
   
 98,129 
    
   
   
 19,826 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Write-down of impaired real estate and other assets 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 32,322 
    
   
   
 4,337 
    
 
   Gain on sale of loans, servicing rights and other assets 
   
   
 (93,613 
 )  
   
   
 (112,613 
 )  
   
   
 (74,449 
 )  
 
   Net realized and unrealized gains from investments 
   
   
 (13,523 
 )  
   
   
 (11,093 
 )  
   
   
 (2,706 
 )  
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate held for investment 
   
   
 (18,698 
 )  
   
   
 (683 
 )  
   
   
 (41,805 
 )  
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 (64,422 
 )  
   
   
 (60,729 
 )  
   
   
 (104,776 
 )  
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 9,579 
    
   
   
 6,509 
    
   
   
 9,754 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 (11,591 
 )  
   
   
 2,059 
    
   
   
 6,147 
    
 
   Compensation expense related to stock options and non-vested stock awards 
   
   
 48,429 
    
   
   
 51,712 
    
   
   
 44,327 
    
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
   
   
 (9,891 
 )  
   
   
 (2,930 
 )  
   
   
 (14,936 
 )  
 
   Distribution of earnings from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 33,302 
    
   
   
 20,199 
    
   
   
 20,794 
    
 
   Tenant concessions received 
   
   
 14,627 
    
   
   
 23,260 
    
   
   
 45,751 
    
 
   Purchase of trading securities 
   
   
 (137,311 
 )  
   
   
 (203,126 
 )  
   
   
 (144,919 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of trading securities 
   
   
 191,121 
    
   
   
 190,220 
    
   
   
 219,739 
    
 
   Proceeds from securities sold, not yet purchased 
   
   
 52,472 
    
   
   
 151,145 
    
   
   
 197,595 
    
 
   Securities purchased to cover short sales 
   
   
 (110,588 
 )  
   
   
 (151,282 
 )  
   
   
 (189,456 
 )  
 
   Increase in receivables 
   
   
 (76,946 
 )  
   
   
 (142,786 
 )  
   
   
 (123,669 
 )  
 
   Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets 
   
   
 (33,355 
 )  
   
   
 (22,097 
 )  
   
   
 (13,238 
 )  
 
   Decrease (increase) in real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 168,133 
    
   
   
 (759 
 )  
   
   
 84,731 
    
 
   Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
   
 40,200 
    
   
   
 43,475 
    
   
   
 (62,850 
 )  
 
   Increase (decrease) in compensation and employee benefits payable and accrued bonus and profit sharing 
   
   
 102,439 
    
   
   
 (1,155 
 )  
   
   
 81,380 
    
 
   Decrease (increase) in income taxes receivable/payable 
   
   
 3,077 
    
   
   
 (27,729 
 )  
   
   
 (4,891 
 )  
 
   (Decrease) increase in other liabilities 
   
   
 (6,808 
 )  
   
   
 7,715 
    
   
   
 15,940 
    
 
   Other operating activities, net 
   
   
 (18,067 
 )  
   
   
 (5,589 
 )  
   
   
 (6,289 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 745,108 
    
   
   
 291,081 
    
   
   
 361,219 
    
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 (156,358 
 )  
   
   
 (150,232 
 )  
   
   
 (147,980 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of Clarion Real Estate Securities and substantially all of the ING Group N.V. operations in Europe and Asia
(collectively the REIM Acquisitions), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (7,680 
 )  
   
   
 (580,895 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of businesses (other than the REIM Acquisitions), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of
cash acquired 
   
   
 (504,147 
 )  
   
   
 (44,898 
 )  
   
   
 (49,790 
 )  
 
   Contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 (49,594 
 )  
   
   
 (65,440 
 )  
   
   
 (51,463 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 82,230 
    
   
   
 62,977 
    
   
   
 109,547 
    
 
   Net proceeds from disposition of real estate held for investment 
   
   
 113,241 
    
   
   
 60,805 
    
   
   
 231,678 
    
 
   Additions to real estate held for investment 
   
   
 (2,559 
 )  
   
   
 (6,181 
 )  
   
   
 (15,473 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of servicing rights and other assets 
   
   
 32,016 
    
   
   
 40,206 
    
   
   
 27,035 
    
 
   Decrease (increase) in restricted cash 
   
   
 8,469 
    
   
   
 (16,205 
 )  
   
   
 (1,696 
 )  
 
   Decrease in cash due to deconsolidation of CBRE Clarion U.S., L.P. (see Note 3) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (73,187 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase of available for sale securities 
   
   
 (65,111 
 )  
   
   
 (36,355 
 )  
   
   
 (45,281 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 
   
   
 69,688 
    
   
   
 31,751 
    
   
   
 41,479 
    
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 7,131 
    
   
   
 6,768 
    
   
   
 2,584 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (464,994 
 )  
   
   
 (197,671 
 )  
   
   
 (480,255 
 )  
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from senior secured term loans 
   
   
 715,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,100,739 
    
 
   Repayment of senior secured term loans 
   
   
 (1,639,017 
 )  
   
   
 (68,146 
 )  
   
   
 (47,503 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
   
   
 610,562 
    
   
   
 41,270 
    
   
   
 1,032,624 
    
 
   Repayment of revolving credit facility 
   
   
 (542,150 
 )  
   
   
 (15,230 
 )  
   
   
 (1,005,132 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from issuance of 5.00% senior notes 
   
   
 800,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Repayment of 11.625% senior subordinated notes 
   
   
 (450,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 2,762 
    
   
   
 4,652 
    
   
   
 10,300 
    
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 (74,544 
 )  
   
   
 (54,036 
 )  
   
   
 (186,636 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 9,526 
    
   
   
 22,276 
    
   
   
 8,454 
    
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 (136,528 
 )  
   
   
 (21,345 
 )  
   
   
 (79,271 
 )  
 
   Stock and stock units repurchased for payment of taxes on stock awards 
   
   
 (16,628 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 5,780 
    
   
   
 20,324 
    
   
   
 7,136 
    
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
   
   
 9,891 
    
   
   
 2,930 
    
   
   
 14,936 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests contributions 
   
   
 1,092 
    
   
   
 16,075 
    
   
   
 10,231 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests distributions 
   
   
 (128,168 
 )  
   
   
 (48,162 
 )  
   
   
 (129,686 
 )  
 
   Payment of financing costs 
   
   
 (29,322 
 )  
   
   
 (359 
 )  
   
   
 (24,738 
 )  
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 (4,537 
 )  
   
   
 (938 
 )  
   
   
 (129 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (866,281 
 )  
   
   
 (100,689 
 )  
   
   
 711,325 
    
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (11,218 
 )  
   
   
 3,394 
    
   
   
 (5,681 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
   
   
 (597,385 
 )  
   
   
 (3,885 
 )  
   
   
 586,608 
    
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
   
   
 1,089,297 
    
   
   
 1,093,182 
    
   
   
 506,574 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
   
 $ 
 491,912 
    
   
 $ 
 1,089,297 
    
   
 $ 
 1,093,182 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
   
 $ 
 117,150 
    
   
 $ 
 161,945 
    
   
 $ 
 138,035 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income tax payments, net 
   
 $ 
 203,402 
    
   
 $ 
 217,956 
    
   
 $ 
 189,917 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY  
  (Dollars in thousands, except share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 CBRE Group, Inc. Shareholders 
   
   
 Non- Controlling Interests
 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Class
A common stock 
   
   
 Additional paid-in 
 capital 
   
   
 Accumulated earnings 
 
   
   
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Minimum pension liability 
   
   
 Foreign currency translation and other 
   
   
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2010 
   
   
 323,594,919 
    
   
 $ 
 3,236 
    
   
 $ 
 814,244 
    
   
 $ 
 185,337 
    
   
 $ 
 (49,634 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (44,968 
 )  
   
 $ 
 157,580 
    
   
 $ 
 1,065,795 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 239,162 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 51,163 
    
   
   
 290,325 
    
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (19,088 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (19,088 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised (including tax benefit) 
   
   
 1,822,373 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 22,055 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,073 
    
 
   Non-cash issuance of common stock 
   
   
 7,670 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 179 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 179 
    
 
   Non-vested stock grants 
   
   
 2,803,221 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 28 
    
 
   Compensation expense for stock options and non-vested stock awards 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 44,327 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 44,327 
    
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,623 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,623 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 77 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,225 
 )  
   
   
 (940 
 )  
   
   
 (24,165 
 )  
 
   Cancellation of non-vested stock awards 
   
   
 (256,027 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Contributions from non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,231 
    
   
   
 10,231 
    
 
   Distributions to non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (129,686 
 )  
   
   
 (129,686 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 182,898 
    
   
   
 182,898 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,336 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,022 
    
   
   
 (5,564 
 )  
   
   
 (2,206 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 327,972,156 
    
   
 $ 
 3,280 
    
   
 $ 
 882,141 
    
   
 $ 
 424,499 
    
   
 $ 
 (68,722 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (89,717 
 )  
   
 $ 
 265,682 
    
   
 $ 
 1,417,163 
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 315,555 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (10,768 
 )  
   
   
 304,787 
    
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (947 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (947 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised (including tax benefit) 
   
   
 1,930,092 
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
   
 23,235 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 23,254 
    
 
   Non-cash issuance of common stock 
   
   
 441,097 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 173 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 177 
    
 
   Compensation expense for stock options and non-vested stock awards 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 51,712 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 51,712 
    
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,924 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,924 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 475 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 475 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (611 
 )  
   
   
 (386 
 )  
   
   
 (997 
 )  
 
   Cancellation of non-vested stock awards 
   
   
 (261,158 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Contributions from non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 16,075 
    
   
   
 16,075 
    
 
   Distributions to non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48,162 
 )  
   
   
 (48,162 
 )  
 
   Deconsolidation of CBRE Clarion U.S., L.P. (see Note 3) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (91,580 
 )  
   
   
 (91,580 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,639 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (598 
 )  
   
   
 11,740 
    
   
   
 14,781 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 330,082,187 
    
   
 $ 
 3,301 
    
   
 $ 
 960,900 
    
   
 $ 
 740,054 
    
   
 $ 
 (69,669 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (95,375 
 )  
   
 $ 
 142,601 
    
   
 $ 
 1,681,812 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 316,538 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 32,257 
    
   
   
 348,795 
    
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,638 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,638 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised (including tax benefit) 
   
   
 1,620,515 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 15,655 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 15,671 
    
 
   Non-cash issuance of common stock 
   
   
 478,884 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 149 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 153 
    
 
   Non-cash issuance of non-vested common stock related to acquisition 
   
   
 362,916 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 9,201 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,205 
    
 
   Non-vested stock grants 
   
   
 72,580 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Compensation expense for stock options and non-vested stock awards 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 48,429 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 48,429 
    
 
   Stock and stock units repurchased for payment of taxes on stock awards 
   
   
 (601,917 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (16,622 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (16,628 
 )  
 
   Unrealized gains on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,512 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,512 
    
 
   Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities, net of tax 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,151 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,151 
    
 
   Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,176 
    
   
   
 (786 
 )  
   
   
 7,390 
    
 
   Cancellation of non-vested stock awards 
   
   
 (87,999 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Contributions from non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,092 
    
   
   
 1,092 
    
 
   Distributions to non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (128,168 
 )  
   
   
 (128,168 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (30,300 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (9,530 
 )  
   
   
 (39,830 
 )  
 
   Other 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,415 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,720 
    
   
   
 2,755 
    
   
   
 1,060 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 331,927,166 
    
   
 $ 
 3,319 
    
   
 $ 
 981,997 
    
   
 $ 
 1,056,592 
    
   
 $ 
 (75,307 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (70,816 
 )  
   
 $ 
 40,221 
    
   
 $ 
 1,936,006 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
  1. Nature of Operations  
      CBRE Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(which may be referred to in these financial statements as the “company”, “we”, “us” and “our”), was incorporated on February 20, 2001. We are the world’s largest commercial real estate services and
investment firm, based on 2013 revenue, with leading full-service operations in major metropolitan areas throughout the world. We offer a full range of services to occupiers, owners, lenders and investors in office, retail, industrial,
multifamily and other types of commercial real estate. As of December 31, 2013, excluding independent affiliates, we operated in approximately 350 offices worldwide, with approximately 44,000 employees providing commercial real estate services
under the “CBRE” brand name, investment management services under the “CBRE Global Investors” brand name and development services under the “Trammell Crow” brand name. Our business is focused on several competencies,
including commercial property and corporate facilities management, tenant/occupier and property/agency leasing, property sales, real estate investment management, valuation, commercial mortgage origination and servicing, capital markets (structured
finance and debt) solutions, development services and proprietary research. We generate revenue from management fees on a contractual and per-project basis, and from commissions on transactions. Our contractual, fee-for-services businesses, which
generally involve facilities management, property management, mortgage loan servicing and investment management, represented approximately 41% of our 2013 revenue.  
   
  2. Significant Accounting Policies  
      Principles of Consolidation
       The accompanying consolidated financial
statements include our accounts and those of our majority-owned subsidiaries, as well as variable interest entities (VIEs) in which we are the primary beneficiary and other subsidiaries of which we have control. The equity attributable to
non-controlling interests in subsidiaries is shown separately in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
     Variable Interest Entities   
     As required by the “ Consolidations ” Topic
of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) (Topic 810), we consolidate all VIEs in which we are the entity’s primary beneficiary. A reporting entity is determined to be the primary beneficiary if
it holds a controlling financial interest in the VIE. Determining which reporting entity, if any, has a controlling financial interest in a VIE is primarily a qualitative approach focused on identifying which reporting entity has both (1) the
power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact such entity’s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from such entity that could potentially be significant to
such entity. The entity which satisfies these criteria is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE.      
 We determine if an entity is a VIE based on several factors, including whether the entity’s total equity investment at risk upon
inception is sufficient to finance the entity’s activities without additional subordinated financial support. We make judgments regarding the sufficiency of the equity at risk based first on a qualitative analysis, then a quantitative analysis,
if necessary.        We analyze any investments in VIEs
to determine if we are the primary beneficiary. We consider a variety of factors in identifying the entity that holds the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance including, but not limited to, the
ability to direct financing, leasing, construction and other operating decisions and activities. In addition, we consider the rights of other investors to participate in those decisions, to replace the manager and to sell or liquidate the entity.
 
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  We also have several co-investments in real estate investment funds which qualify for a
deferral of the qualitative approach for analyzing potential VIEs. We continue to analyze these investments under the former quantitative method incorporating various estimates, including estimated future cash flows, asset hold periods and discount
rates, as well as estimates of the probabilities of various scenarios occurring. If the entity is a VIE, we then determine whether we consolidate the entity as the primary beneficiary. This determination of whether we are the primary beneficiary
includes any impact of an “upside economic interest” in the form of a “promote” that we may have. A promote is an interest built into the distribution structure of the entity based on the entity’s achievement of certain
return hurdles.        We consolidate any VIE of which
we are the primary beneficiary (see Note 4) and disclose significant VIEs of which we are not the primary beneficiary, if any, as well as disclose our maximum exposure to loss related to VIEs that are not consolidated. We determine whether an entity
is a VIE and, if so, whether it should be consolidated by utilizing judgments and estimates that are inherently subjective.      
 Limited Partnerships, Limited Liability Companies and Other Subsidiaries         If an entity is not a VIE, our determination of the appropriate accounting method with respect to our
investments in limited partnerships, limited liability companies and other subsidiaries is based on voting control. For our general partner interests, we are presumed to control (and therefore consolidate) the entity, unless the other limited
partners have substantive rights that overcome this presumption of control. These substantive rights allow the limited partners to remove the general partner with or without cause or to participate in significant decisions made in the ordinary
course of the entity’s business. We account for our non-controlling general partner investments in these entities under the equity method. This treatment also applies to our managing member interests in limited liability companies.  
     Our determination of the appropriate accounting method for
all other investments in subsidiaries is based on the amount of influence we have (including our ownership interest) in the underlying entity. Those other investments where we have the ability to exercise significant influence (but not control) over
operating and financial policies of such subsidiaries (including certain subsidiaries where we have less than 20% ownership) are accounted for using the equity method. We eliminate transactions with such equity method subsidiaries to the extent of
our ownership in such subsidiaries. Accordingly, our share of the earnings or losses of these equity method subsidiaries is included in consolidated net income. All of our remaining investments are carried at cost.  
     Under either the equity or cost method, impairment losses are
recognized upon evidence of other-than-temporary losses of value. When testing for impairment on investments that are not actively traded on a public market, we generally use a discounted cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our
investments and/or look to comparable activities in the marketplace. Management judgment is required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow approach. These assumptions include net asset values, internal rates of return, discount
and capitalization rates, interest rates and financing terms, rental rates, timing of leasing activity, estimates of lease terms and related concessions, etc. When determining if impairment is other-than-temporary, we also look to the length of time
and the extent to which fair value has been less than cost as well as the financial condition and near-term prospects of each investment.      
 Estimates, Risks and Uncertainties      
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(U.S.), which require management to make estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
expenses we report. Such estimates include the value of goodwill, intangibles and other long-lived assets, accounts receivable, investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and assumptions used in
the calculation of income taxes, retirement and other post-employment benefits, among others. These estimates and assumptions are based on management’s best judgment, and are evaluated on an ongoing basis and adjusted, as needed, using
historical experience and other factors, including consideration of the macroeconomic environment. The after-effects of the recent global financial crisis, including highly volatile credit, equity and foreign currency markets and a slow and uneven
global economic recovery, have increased the uncertainty inherent in such estimates and assumptions. As future events and their effects cannot be forecast with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in
those estimates resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the financial statements in future periods.      
 The fair value of our goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets is impacted by economic and capital market conditions as well as our
stock price. Property sales and leasing activity is affected by economic and employment growth, capital markets liquidity, credit availability and pricing, business and investor confidence, and inflation levels. Adverse trends involving any or
all of these factors could reduce transaction-based revenue as well as property values and sales and leasing volume. Such adverse economic conditions could cause declines in the estimated future discounted cash flows expected for our reporting
units. A major or sustained decline in our future cash flows and/or the current economic conditions could result in impairment charges.      
 The recoverability of our investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries has been impacted by the global financial crisis. This was initially
evident in sharply reduced property sales activity and decreasing property values throughout 2009. As liquidity subsequently improved, transaction activity has revived, to varying degrees and at a different pace in various regions around the world,
over the past four years from the low levels of 2008 and 2009, but has remained well below the volume experienced in 2006 and 2007. Property values also have rebounded, but price appreciation has been most significant in top-tier assets and in the
largest, most liquid markets. The assumptions utilized in our recoverability analysis reflect our belief that a gradual recovery will continue, but that a return to capital markets turmoil and negative economic growth could result in impairment
charges.        The recoverability of the carrying value
of our investments in real estate is impacted by general conditions in the U.S. economy and commercial real estate market. Market fundamentals in the primary property types that we develop or own weakened significantly in late 2008 and throughout
2009. Market conditions have improved, to varying degrees and at a different pace in various regions globally, over the past four years. Property sales have increased steadily as investor confidence and liquidity returned to the commercial real
estate market. However, if conditions in the broader economy, capital markets, local, regional or global commercial real estate markets decline sharply once again, we may be required to record impairment charges.  
     Cash and Cash Equivalents  
     Cash and cash equivalents generally consist of cash and
highly liquid investments with an original maturity of less than three months. Included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 is cash and cash equivalents of $32.4 million and $94.6 million,
respectively, from consolidated funds and other entities, which is not available for general corporate use. We also manage certain cash and cash equivalents as an agent for our investment and property and facilities management clients. These amounts
are not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets (see Note 19).        Restricted Cash        Included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 is restricted cash of $61.2 million and $73.7 million, respectively. The balances primarily include
restricted cash set aside to cover funding obligations as required by contracts executed by us in the normal course of business.  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Concentration of Credit Risk  
     Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit
risk consist principally of trade receivables and interest-bearing investments. Users of real estate services account for a substantial portion of trade receivables and collateral is generally not required. The risk associated with this
concentration is limited due to the large number of users and their geographic dispersion.        We place substantially all of our interest-bearing investments with major financial institutions and limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution.  
     Property and Equipment  
     Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated
depreciation. Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment is computed primarily using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging up to 15 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the term of their associated
leases, excluding options to renew, since such leases generally do not carry prohibitive penalties for non-renewal. We capitalize expenditures that materially increase the life of our assets and expense the costs of maintenance and repairs.
       We review property and equipment for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If this review indicates that such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment is recognized in the period the changes occur
and represents the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset.        Certain costs related to the development or purchase of internal-use software are capitalized. Internal computer software costs that are incurred in the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred.
Direct consulting costs as well as payroll and related costs, which are incurred during the development stage of a project are generally capitalized and amortized over a three-year period (except for enterprise software development platforms, which
range from five to ten years) when placed into production.        Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets        Our acquisitions require the application of purchase accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair value. The
difference between the purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The majority of our goodwill balance has resulted from our acquisition of CBRE Services, Inc. (CBRE) in 2001 (the 2001 Acquisition), our
acquisition of Insignia Financial Group, Inc. (Insignia) in 2003 (the Insignia Acquisition), our acquisition of the Trammell Crow Company in 2006 (the Trammell Crow Company Acquisition), our acquisition of substantially all of the ING Group N.V.
(ING) Real Estate Investment Management (REIM) operations in Europe and Asia, as well as substantially all of Clarion Real Estate Securities (CRES) in 2011 (collectively referred to as the REIM Acquisitions) and our acquisition of Norland Managed
Services Ltd (Norland) in 2013. Other intangible assets that have indefinite estimated useful lives and are not being amortized include certain management contracts identified in the REIM Acquisitions, a trademark, which was separately identified as
a result of the 2001 Acquisition, as well as a trade name separately identified as a result of the REIM Acquisitions. The remaining other intangible assets primarily include customer relationships, loan servicing rights and management contracts,
which are all being amortized over estimated useful lives ranging up to 20 years.        We are required to test goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives for impairment annually or more often if circumstances or events indicate a change in the impairment
status. The goodwill impairment analysis is a two-step process. The first step used to identify potential impairment involves comparing each reporting unit’s estimated fair value to its carrying value, including goodwill. We use a discounted
cash flow approach to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. Management judgment is  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
required in developing the assumptions for the discounted cash flow model. These assumptions include revenue growth rates, profit margin percentages, discount rates, etc. If the estimated fair
value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered to not be impaired. If the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, there is an indication of potential impairment and the second step is performed to measure the
amount of impairment. The second step of the process involves the calculation of an implied fair value of goodwill for each reporting unit for which step one indicated impairment. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined similar to how
goodwill is calculated in a business combination, by measuring the excess of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one, over the estimated fair values of the individual assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles
as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. Due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a business’s fair value and the relative size of our goodwill, if different assumptions and estimates were used, it
could have an adverse effect on our impairment analysis.        Deferred Financing Costs        Costs incurred in connection with financing activities are generally deferred and amortized over the terms of the related debt agreements ranging up to ten years. Amortization of these costs is charged to
interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Total deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were $42.3 million and $42.2
million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.        During 2013, we completed a series of financing transactions, including the amendment and restatement of our credit agreement, the issuance of $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior
notes due March 15, 2023 and the redemption of all of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes totaling $450.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2013, in connection with all of these financing activities, we incurred approximately
$28.6 million of financing costs, of which $3.6 million was expensed. In addition, we expensed $17.8 million of previously-deferred financing costs as well as a $26.2 million early extinguishment premium and $8.7 million of unamortized original
issue discount associated with the 11.625% senior subordinated notes. All of these write-offs were included in write-off of financing costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. See Note 13 for additional information on
activities associated with our debt.        Revenue
Recognition        We record commission revenue on
real estate sales generally upon close of escrow or transfer of title, except when future contingencies exist. Real estate commissions on leases are generally recorded in revenue when all obligations under the commission agreement are satisfied.
Terms and conditions of a commission agreement may include, but are not limited to, execution of a signed lease agreement and future contingencies including tenant occupancy, payment of a deposit or payment of a first month’s rent (or a
combination thereof). As some of these conditions are outside of our control and are often not clearly defined, judgment must be exercised in determining when such required events have occurred in order to recognize revenue.  
     A typical commission agreement provides that we earn a
portion of a lease commission upon the execution of the lease agreement by the tenant and landlord, with the remaining portion(s) of the lease commission earned at a later date, usually upon tenant occupancy or payment of rent. The existence of any
significant future contingencies results in the delay of recognition of corresponding revenue until such contingencies are satisfied. For example, if we do not earn all or a portion of the lease commission until the tenant pays its first
month’s rent, and the lease agreement provides the tenant with a free rent period, we delay revenue recognition until rent is paid by the tenant.      
 Property management revenues are generally based upon percentages of the revenue or base rent generated by the entities managed or the
square footage managed. These fees are recognized when earned under the provisions of the related management agreements.  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  We account for certain reimbursements (primarily salaries and related charges) mainly
related to our facilities and property management operations as revenue. Reimbursement revenue is recognized when the underlying reimbursable costs are incurred.  
     Investment management fees are based predominantly upon a
percentage of the equity deployed on behalf of our limited partners. Fees related to our indirect investment management programs are based upon a percentage of the fair value of those investments. These fees are recognized when earned under the
provisions of the related investment management agreements. Our Global Investment Management segment earns performance-based incentive fees with regard to many of its investments. Such revenue is recognized at the end of the measurement periods when
the conditions of the applicable incentive fee arrangements have been satisfied and following the expiration of any potential claw back provision. With many of these investments, our Global Investment Management professionals have participation
interests in such incentive fees, which are commonly referred to as carried interest. This carried interest expense is generally accrued for based upon the probability of such performance-based incentive fees being earned over the related vesting
period. In addition, our Global Investment Management segment also earns success-based transaction fees with regard to buying or selling properties on behalf of certain funds and separate accounts. Such revenue is recognized at the completion of a
successful transaction and is not subject to any claw back provision.        Appraisal fees are recorded after services have been rendered. Loan origination fees are recognized at the time a loan closes and we have no significant remaining obligations for performance in connection
with the transaction, while loan servicing fees are recorded in revenue as monthly principal and interest payments are collected from mortgagors. Other commissions, consulting fees and referral fees are recorded as revenue at the time the related
services have been performed, unless significant future contingencies exist.        Development services and project management services generate fees from development and construction management projects. Most development and construction management and project management assignments
are subject to agreements that describe the calculation of fees and when we earn such fees. The earnings terms of these agreements dictate when we recognize the related revenue. Generally development fees are recognized based on the lower of the
amount billed or the amount determined on a straight-line basis over the development period. We may earn incentive fees for project management services based upon achievement of certain performance criteria as set forth in the project management
services agreement. We may earn incentive development fees by reaching specified timetable, leasing, budget or value creation targets, as defined in the relevant development services agreement. Certain incentive development fees allow us to share in
the fair value of the developed real estate asset above cost. This sharing creates additional revenue potential to us with no exposure to loss other than opportunity cost. We recognize such fees when the specified target is attained and fees are
deemed collectible.        We record deferred income to
the extent that cash payments have been received in accordance with the terms of underlying agreements, but such amounts have not yet met the criteria for revenue recognition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We recognize
such revenues when the appropriate criteria are met.        In establishing the appropriate provisions for trade receivables, we make assumptions with respect to future collectability. Our assumptions are based on an assessment of a customer’s credit quality
as well as subjective factors and trends, including the aging of receivables balances. In addition to these assessments, in general, outstanding trade accounts receivable amounts that are more than 180 days overdue are evaluated for collectability
and fully provided for if deemed uncollectible. Historically, our credit losses have generally been insignificant. However, estimating losses requires significant judgment, and conditions may change or new information may become known after any
periodic evaluation. As a result, actual credit losses may differ from our estimates.  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Real Estate  
     Classification and Impairment Evaluation   
     We classify real estate in accordance with the criteria of
the “ Property, Plant and Equipment ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 360) as follows: (i) real estate held for sale, which includes completed assets or land for sale in its present condition that meet all of Topic 360’s
“held for sale” criteria, (ii) real estate under development (current), which includes real estate that we are in the process of developing that is expected to be completed and disposed of within one year of the balance sheet date;
(iii) real estate under development (non-current), which includes real estate that we are in the process of developing that is expected to be completed and disposed of more than one year from the balance sheet date; or (iv) real estate
held for investment, which consists of land on which development activities have not yet commenced and completed assets or land held for disposition that do not meet the “held for sale” criteria. Any asset reclassified from real estate
held for sale to real estate under development (current or non-current) or real estate held for investment is recorded individually at the lower of its fair value at the date of the reclassification or its carrying amount before it was classified as
“held for sale,” adjusted (in the case of real estate held for investment) for any depreciation that would have been recognized had the asset been continuously classified as real estate held for investment.  
     Real estate held for sale is recorded at the lower of cost or
fair value less cost to sell. If an asset’s fair value less cost to sell, based on discounted future cash flows, management estimates or market comparisons, is less than its carrying amount, an allowance is recorded against the asset.
       Real estate under development and real estate
held for investment are carried at cost less depreciation, as applicable. Buildings and improvements included in real estate held for investment are depreciated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives, generally up to
39 years. Tenant improvements included in real estate held for investment are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or terms of the respective leases. Land improvements included in real estate
held for investment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, up to 15 years.        Real estate under development and real estate held for investment are evaluated for impairment and losses are recorded when undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by an asset are less than the
asset’s carrying amount. The amount of the impairment loss, if any, is calculated as the excess of the asset’s carrying value over its fair value, which is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, management estimates or market
comparisons.        Cost Capitalization and
Allocation         When acquiring, developing and
constructing real estate assets, we capitalize recoverable costs. Capitalization begins when the activities related to development have begun and ceases when activities are substantially complete and the asset is available for occupancy. Recoverable
costs capitalized include pursuit costs, or pre-acquisition/pre-construction costs, taxes and insurance, interest, development and construction costs and costs of incidental operations. We do not capitalize any internal costs when acquiring,
developing and constructing real estate assets. We expense transaction costs for acquisitions that qualify as a business in accordance with the “ Business Combinations ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 805). Pursuit costs capitalized in
connection with a potential development project that we have determined not to pursue are written off in the period that determination is made.      
 At times, we purchase bulk land that we intend to sell or develop in phases. The land basis allocated to each phase is based on the
relative estimated fair value of the phases before construction. We allocate construction costs incurred relating to more than one phase between the various phases; if the costs cannot be specifically
 
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
attributed to a certain phase or the improvements benefit more than one phase, we allocate the costs between the phases based on their relative estimated sales values, where practicable, or other
value methods as appropriate under the circumstances. Relative allocations of the costs are revised as the sales value estimates are revised.      
 When acquiring real estate with existing buildings, we allocate the purchase price between land, land improvements, building and
intangibles related to in-place leases, if any, based on their relative fair values. The fair values of acquired land and buildings are determined based on an estimated discounted future cash flow model with lease-up assumptions as if the building
was vacant upon acquisition. The fair value of in-place leases includes the value of lease intangibles for above or below-market rents and tenant origination costs, determined on a lease by lease basis. The capitalized values for both lease
intangibles and tenant origination costs are amortized over the term of the underlying leases. Amortization related to lease intangibles is recorded as either an increase to or a reduction of rental income and amortization for tenant origination
costs is recorded to amortization expense.      
 Disposition of Real Estate       
 Gains on disposition of real estate are recognized upon sale of the underlying project. We evaluate each real estate sale transaction to
determine if it qualifies for gain recognition under the full accrual method. If the transaction does not meet the criteria for the full accrual method of profit recognition based on our assessment, we account for a sale based on an appropriate
deferral method determined by the nature and extent of the buyer’s investment and our continuing involvement.      
 Discontinued Operations       
 Topic 360 extends the reporting of a discontinued operation to a “component of an entity,” and further requires that a component
be classified as a discontinued operation if the operations and cash flows of the component have been or will be eliminated from the ongoing operations of the entity in the disposal transaction and the entity will not have any significant continuing
involvement in the operations of the component after the disposal transaction. As defined in Topic 360, a “component of an entity” comprises operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished, operationally and for financial
reporting purposes, from the rest of the entity. Because each of our consolidated real estate assets is generally accounted for in a discrete subsidiary, many constitute a component of an entity under Topic 360, increasing the likelihood that the
disposition of assets that we hold for sale in the ordinary course of business must be reported as a discontinued operation unless we have significant continuing involvement in the operations of the asset after its disposition. Furthermore,
operating profits and losses on such assets are required to be recognized and reported as operating profits and losses on discontinued operations in the periods in which they occur.        Business Promotion and Advertising Costs        The costs of business promotion and advertising are expensed as incurred. Business promotion and advertising
costs of $49.4 million, $43.7 million and $42.5 million were included in operating, administrative and other expenses for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.        Foreign Currencies  
     The financial statements of subsidiaries located outside the
U.S. are generally measured using the local currency as the functional currency. The assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated at the rates of exchange at the balance sheet date, and income and expenses are translated at the
average monthly rate. The resulting translation adjustments are included in the accumulated other comprehensive loss component of equity.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in the results of operations. The aggregate transaction losses included in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were $12.6 million, $3.6 million and $0.4 million, respectively.      
 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities  
     As required by FASB ASC Topic 815 “ Derivatives and
Hedging ,” we record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. We do not net derivatives on our balance sheet. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether
we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of
the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to
variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge
accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a
fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of our risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or we
elect not to apply hedge accounting. In all cases, we view derivative financial instruments as a risk management tool and, accordingly, do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.  
     Comprehensive Income  
     Comprehensive income consists of net income and other
comprehensive income (loss). In the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, accumulated other comprehensive loss consists of foreign currency translation adjustments, unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps,
unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities and other pension liability adjustments. Foreign currency translation adjustments exclude any income tax effect given that earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries are deemed to be reinvested for an
indefinite period of time (see Note 16).      
 Marketable Securities      
 We account for investments in marketable debt and equity securities in accordance with the “ Investments— Debt and Equity
Securities ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 320). We determine the appropriate classification of debt and equity securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of each balance sheet date. Marketable securities we acquire
with the intent to generate a profit from short-term movements in market prices are classified as trading securities. Debt securities are classified as held to maturity when we have the positive intent and ability to hold the securities to maturity.
Marketable equity and debt securities not classified as trading or held to maturity are classified as available for sale.      
 Trading securities are carried at their fair value with realized and unrealized gains and losses included in net income. Available for
sale securities are carried at their fair value and any difference between cost and fair value is recorded as unrealized gain or loss, net of income taxes, and is reported as accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated statement of
equity. Premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using the effective interest method. Realized gains and losses and declines in value expected to be other-than-temporary on available for sale securities have not been significant. The
cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Interest and dividends on securities classified as available for sale are included in interest income.  
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Warehouse Receivables        Our wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE Capital Markets is a Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac)
approved Multifamily Program Plus Seller/Servicer and an approved Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) Aggregation and Negotiated Transaction Seller/Servicer. In addition, CBRE Capital Markets wholly-owned subsidiary Multifamily
Capital is an approved Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing (DUS) Seller/Servicer and CBRE Capital Markets wholly-owned subsidiary CBRE HMF is a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) approved Non-Supervised Federal
Housing Authority (FHA) Title II Mortgagee, an approved Multifamily Accelerated Processing (MAP) lender and an approved Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) issuer of mortgage-backed securities (MBS). Under these arrangements,
before loans are originated through proceeds from warehouse lines of credit, we obtain either a contractual loan purchase commitment from either Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae or a confirmed forward trade commitment for the issuance and purchase of a
Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae MBS that will be secured by the loans. The warehouse lines of credit are generally repaid within a one-month period when Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae buys the loans or upon settlement of the Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae MBS,
while we retain the servicing rights. Loans are funded at the prevailing market rates. We elect the fair value option for all warehouse receivables. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, all of the warehouse receivables included in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets were either under commitment to be purchased by Freddie Mac or had confirmed forward trade commitments for the issuance and purchase of Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae mortgage backed securities that will be secured by the
underlying loans.        Mortgage Servicing Rights
       In connection with the origination and sale
of mortgage loans with servicing rights retained, we record servicing assets or liabilities based on the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights on the date the loans are sold. We also assume or purchase certain servicing assets. Servicing
assets are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value in other intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and are amortized in proportion to and over the estimated period that net servicing income is expected to be
received based on projections and timing of estimated future net cash flows.        Our recording of mortgage servicing rights at their fair value resulted in net gains, which have been reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The amount of mortgage servicing
rights recognized during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was as follows (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Beginning balance, mortgage servicing rights 
    
 $ 
 144,955 
    
   
 $ 
 95,343 
    
 
   Mortgage servicing rights recognized 
    
   
 75,269 
    
   
   
 83,721 
    
 
   Mortgage servicing rights sold 
    
   
 (820 
 )  
   
   
 (10,297 
 )  
 
   Amortization expense 
    
   
 (38,921 
 )  
   
   
 (23,812 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance, mortgage servicing rights 
    
 $ 
 180,483 
    
   
 $ 
 144,955 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Mortgage servicing rights do
not actively trade in an open market with readily available observable prices; therefore, fair value is determined based on certain assumptions and judgments, including the estimation of the present value of future cash flows realized from servicing
the underlying mortgage loans. Management’s assumptions include the benefits of servicing (servicing fee income and interest on escrow deposits), inflation, the cost of servicing, prepayment rates, delinquencies, discount rate and the estimated
life of servicing cash  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
flows. The assumptions used are subject to change based on management’s judgments and estimates of changes in future cash flows and interest rates, among other things. The key
assumptions used during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 in measuring fair value were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 14.81 
 %  
   
   
 15.00 
 %  
   
   
 15.00 
 %  
 
   Conditional prepayment rate 
    
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
 
   Inflation 
    
   
 2.00 
 %  
   
   
 2.50 
 %  
   
   
 2.50 
 %  
 
   Delinquencies 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
       The estimated fair value of
our mortgage servicing rights was $203.6 million and $165.4 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. We did not incur any impairment charges related to our servicing rights during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 or
2011.        Included in revenue in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations are contractually specified servicing fees from loans serviced for others of $55.2 million, $40.0 million and $28.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively and late
fees/ancillary income earned from loans serviced for others of $1.9 million, $0.8 million and $1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. 
     Accounting for Broker Draws  
     As part of our recruitment efforts relative to new U.S.
brokers, we offer a transitional broker draw arrangement. Our broker draw arrangements generally last until such time as a broker’s pipeline of business is sufficient to allow him or her to earn sustainable commissions. This program is intended
to provide the broker with a minimal amount of cash flow to allow adequate time for his or her training as well as time for him or her to develop business relationships. Similar to traditional salaries, the broker draws are paid irrespective of the
actual revenues generated by the broker. Often these broker draws represent the only form of compensation received by the broker. Furthermore, it is not our general policy to pursue collection of unearned broker draws paid under this arrangement. As
a result, we have concluded that broker draws are economically equivalent to salaries paid and accordingly charge them to compensation as incurred. The broker is also entitled to earn a commission on completed revenue transactions. This amount is
calculated as the commission that would have been payable under our full commission program, less any amounts previously paid to the broker in the form of a draw.  
     Stock-Based Compensation  
     We account for all employee awards under the fair value
recognition provisions of the “ Compensation— Stock Compensation ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 718). Topic 718 requires the measurement of compensation cost at the grant date, based upon the estimated fair value of the award,
and requires amortization of the related expense over the employee’s requisite service period. See Note 15 for additional information on our stock-based compensation plans.  
     Income Per Share  
     Basic income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. is
computed by dividing net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period. The computation of diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. generally
further assumes the dilutive effect of potential common shares, which include stock options and certain contingently issuable shares. Contingently issuable shares consist of non-vested stock awards.  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Income Taxes        Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method in accordance with the “ Accounting
for Income Taxes ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 740). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit
carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured by applying enacted tax rates and laws and are released in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
asset will not be realized.        Self-Insurance
       Our wholly-owned captive insurance company,
which is subject to applicable insurance rules and regulations, insures our exposure related to workers’ compensation insurance provided to employees and we purchase excess coverage from an unrelated insurance carrier. We purchase general
liability and automotive insurance through an unrelated insurance carrier. The captive insurance company reinsures the related deductibles. The captive insurance company also insures deductibles relating to professional indemnity claims. Given the
nature of these types of claims, it may take several years for resolution and determination of the cost of these claims. We are required to estimate the cost of these claims in our financial statements.  
     The estimates that we utilize to record our potential losses
on claims are inherently subjective, and actual claims could differ from amounts recorded, which could result in increased or decreased expense in future periods. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our reserves for claims under these insurance
programs were $65.7 million and $48.4 million, respectively, which were included in other current and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Of these amounts, $2.2 million and $11.9 million, respectively,
represented our estimated current liabilities as of December 31, 2013 and 2012.        Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Limited Life Subsidiaries      
 As of December 31, 2013, the estimated settlement value of non-controlling interests in our consolidated limited life subsidiaries
was $5.4 million, which approximates the carrying value, and which was included in non-controlling interests in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2012, the estimated settlement value of non-controlling interests
in our consolidated limited life subsidiaries was $68.4 million, as compared to the carrying value of $61.7 million, which was included in non-controlling interests in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
     New Accounting Pronouncements  
     In March 2013, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) 2013-05,  “Foreign Currency Matters (Topic 830): Parent’s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of   Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a
Foreign Entity.”  This ASU states that when a reporting entity (parent) ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity or a business (other than a sale of in substance real
estate or conveyance of oil and gas mineral rights) within a foreign entity, the parent is required to apply the guidance in Subtopic 830-30 to release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income. Accordingly, the cumulative
translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. ASU 2013-05 is
effective prospectively for fiscal years (and interim reporting periods within those  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
years) beginning after December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. We do not believe the adoption of this update will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or
results of operations.        In July 2013, the FASB
issued ASU 2013-11, “ Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists. ” This ASU states that an unrecognized tax
benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward, except as follows:
To the extent a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from
the disallowance of a tax position or the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction does not require the entity to use, and the entity does not intend to use, the deferred tax asset for such purpose, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in
the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. This ASU applies to all entities that have unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit
carryforward exists at the reporting date. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013, with early adoption permitted. This ASU should be applied prospectively to all
unrecognized tax benefits that exist at the effective date, with retrospective application permitted. We do not believe the adoption of this update will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position.  
     Reclassifications  
     Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2011 and
2012 financial statements to conform with the 2013 presentation.      
  3. REIM Acquisitions  
      In 2011, we acquired the majority of the
real estate investment management business of Netherlands-based ING. The acquisitions included substantially all of ING’s REIM operations in Europe and Asia, as well as substantially all of CRES, its U.S.-based global real estate listed
securities business (collectively referred to as ING REIM) along with certain CRES co-investments from ING and additional interests in other funds managed by ING REIM Europe and ING REIM Asia. Upon completion of the acquisitions (collectively
referred to as the REIM Acquisitions), ING REIM became part of our Global Investment Management segment (which conducts business through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Global Investors, an independently operated business segment). We
completed the REIM Acquisitions in order to significantly enhance our ability to meet the needs of institutional investors across global markets with a full spectrum of investment programs and strategies.  
     We secured borrowings of $800.0 million of term loans to
finance the REIM Acquisitions (see Note 13). Of this amount, $400.0 million was drawn on June 30, 2011 to finance the CRES portion of the REIM Acquisitions, which closed on July 1, 2011. On August 31, 2011, we drew down the remaining
$400.0 million, part of which was used to finance the ING REIM Asia portion of the REIM Acquisitions, which closed on October 3, 2011, and the remainder, along with cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility, was used to
finance the ING REIM Europe portion of the REIM Acquisitions, which closed on October 31, 2011.      
 The following represents a summary of the purchase price for the REIM Acquisitions (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Purchase of CRES on July 1, 2011 
    
 $ 
  332,845 
    
 
   Purchase of CRES co-investments on July 1, 2011 
    
   
 58,566 
    
 
   Purchase of ING REIM Asia on October 3, 2011 
    
   
 45,315 
    
 
   Purchase of ING REIM Europe on October 31, 2011 
    
   
 441,515 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total purchase price 
    
 $ 
 878,241 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  In connection with our acquisition of CRES, we acquired CRES co-investments from ING in
three funds (CRES Funds) for an aggregate purchase price of $58.6 million, which has been included above. We determined that the CRES Funds were not VIEs and accordingly determined the method of accounting based upon voting control. The limited
partners/members of the CRES Funds lack substantive rights that would overcome our presumption of control. Accordingly, we began consolidating the CRES Funds as of the acquisition date of July 1, 2011. In connection with the REIM Acquisitions,
we also acquired three ING REIM Asia co-investments from ING for an aggregate amount of $13.9 million on October 3, 2011 and several ING REIM Europe  co-investments,  including one for $7.4 million on
October 31, 2011, and nine additional co-investments for an aggregate amount of $34.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2012.      
 In January 2012, one of the CRES Funds (CBRE Clarion U.S., L.P.) was converted to a registered mutual fund, the CBRE Clarion Long/Short
Fund (the Fund). As a result of this triggering event, we determined that the Fund became a VIE and that we were not the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, in the first quarter of 2012, the Fund was deconsolidated from our consolidated financial
statements and we recorded an investment in available for sale securities of $14.3 million. No gain or loss was recognized in our consolidated statement of operations as a result of this deconsolidation. We continue to act as the Fund’s
adviser, make investment decisions for the Fund and review, supervise and administer the Fund’s investment program.      
 The consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2011 includes revenue, operating income and net income
attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. of $84.6 million, $15.7 million and $9.1 million, respectively, attributable to the REIM Acquisitions. This does not include direct transaction and integration costs incurred during the year ended December 31,
2011 of $66.7 million in connection with the REIM Acquisitions.        Unaudited pro forma results, assuming the REIM Acquisitions had occurred as of January 1, 2011 for purposes of the 2011 pro forma disclosures, are presented below. They include certain adjustments,
including $17.2 million of increased amortization expense as a result of intangible assets acquired in the REIM Acquisitions, $19.2 million of additional interest expense as a result of debt incurred to finance the REIM Acquisitions, the removal of
$73.0 million of direct costs incurred by us and ING related to the REIM Acquisitions, and the tax impact of the pro forma adjustments. These unaudited pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be
indicative of what operating results would have been had the REIM Acquisitions occurred on January 1, 2011 and may not be indicative of future operating results (dollars in thousands, except share data):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 2011 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 6,138,194 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 555,687 
    
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 258,751 
    
 
   Basic income per share 
    
 $ 
 0.81 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 318,454,191 
    
 
   Diluted income per share 
    
 $ 
 0.80 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 323,723,755 
    
 
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

  4. Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)  
      A consolidated subsidiary (the Venture)
in our Global Investment Management segment has sponsored investments by third-party investors in certain commercial properties through the formation of tenant-in-common limited liability companies and Delaware Statutory Trusts (collectively
referred to as the Entities) that are owned by the third-party investors. The Venture also has formed and is a member of a limited liability company for each property that serves as master tenant (Master Tenant). Each Master Tenant leases the
property from the Entities through a master lease agreement. Pursuant to the master lease agreements, the Master Tenant has the power to direct the day-to-day asset management activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the
Entities. As a result, the Entities were deemed to be VIEs since the third-party investors holding the equity investment at risk in the Entities do not direct the day-to-day activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the
properties held by the Entities. The Venture has made and may continue to make voluntary contributions to each of these properties to support their operations beyond the cash flow generated by the properties themselves. As of the most recent
reconsideration date, such financial support has been significant enough that the Venture was deemed to be the primary beneficiary of each Entity.      
 No financial support was provided by the Venture to the Entities during the year ended December 31, 2013. During both the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011, the Venture funded $0.2 million of financial support to the Entities.      
 The Entities were initially consolidated by the Venture upon adoption of ASU 2009-17, “ Consolidations (Topic 810): Improvements to
Financial Reporting by Enterprises Involved With Variable Interest Entities, ” on January 1, 2010. The Entities’ assets and associated mortgage notes payable aggregated $251.0 million and $221.5 million, respectively, and were
recorded based on their fair value at adoption. We did not recognize a gain or loss on the initial consolidation of these Entities. The assets of the Entities are the sole collateral for the mortgage notes payable and other liabilities of the
Entities and as such, the creditors and equity investors of these Entities have no recourse to our assets held outside of these Entities. During the year ended December 31, 2011, five of the original eight commercial properties were sold.
During the year ended December 31, 2012, an additional Entity was consolidated during the first quarter and subsequently sold in the fourth quarter. During the year ended December 31, 2013, another one of the original eight commercial
properties was sold.        Operating results relating
to the Entities for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 include the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   Year Ended December 31,   
   
 
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   
   
     2011     
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 8,222 
    
    
 $ 
 13,359 
    
   
 $ 
 25,708 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other expenses 
    
 $ 
 4,289 
    
    
 $ 
 7,961 
    
   
 $ 
 13,137 
    
 
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
    
 $ 
 15,236 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,408 
 )  
   
 $ 
 36,548 
    
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
 $ 
 13,805 
    
    
 $ 
 (5,227 
 )  
   
 $ 
 30,124 
    
       Investments in real estate of
$39.9 million and $58.8 million and nonrecourse mortgage notes payable of $41.7 million ($0.9 million of which is current) and $61.7 million ($1.3 million of which is current) are included in real estate assets held for investment and notes payable
on real estate, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. In addition, non-controlling deficits of $1.8 million and $2.7 million in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, are attributable to the Entities.  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  We hold variable interests in certain VIEs in our Global Investment Management and
Development Services segments which are not consolidated as it was determined that we are not the primary beneficiary. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our maximum exposure to loss related to the VIE’s which are not consolidated was as
follows (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   


 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 33,787 
    
    
 $ 
 47,869 
    
 
   Other assets, current 
    
   
 3,547 
    
    
   
 3,185 
    
 
   Available for sale securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 17,281 
    
 
   Co-investment commitments 
    
   
 200 
    
    
   
 9,202 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Maximum exposure to loss 
    
 $ 
 37,534 
    
    
 $ 
 77,537 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
  5. Fair Value Measurements  
      The “ Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures ” Topic of the FASB ASC (Topic 820) defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Topic 820 also establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. This hierarchy requires entities to
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 2—Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active
markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or
liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.  
     There were no significant transfers in and out of Level 1 and
Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.  
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  The following tables present the fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
   Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
      Level 1      
   
    
      Level 2      
   
    
      Level 3      
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available for sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. treasury securities 
    
 $ 
 3,688 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 3,688 
    
 
   Debt securities issued by U.S. federal agencies 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,528 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,528 
    
 
   Corporate debt securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 17,456 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 17,456 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,381 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,381 
    
 
   Collateralized mortgage obligations 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,720 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,720 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
   
 3,688 
    
    
   
 30,085 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 33,773 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 23,027 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 23,027 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total available for sale securities 
    
   
 26,715 
    
    
   
 30,085 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 56,800 
    
 
   Trading securities 
    
   
 58,442 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 58,442 
    
 
   Warehouse receivables 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 381,545 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 381,545 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets at fair value 
    
 $ 
 85,157 
    
    
 $ 
 411,630 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 496,787 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 29,034 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 29,034 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities at fair value 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 29,034 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 29,034 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
   Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using   
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
      Level 1      
   
    
      Level 2      
   
    
      Level 3      
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available for sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. treasury securities 
    
 $ 
 9,827 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 9,827 
    
 
   Debt securities issued by U.S. federal agencies 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,914 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,914 
    
 
   Corporate debt securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 8,347 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 8,347 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 5,050 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 5,050 
    
 
   Collateralized mortgage obligations 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,771 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 2,771 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
   
 9,827 
    
    
   
 18,082 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 27,909 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 29,891 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 29,891 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total available for sale securities 
    
   
 39,718 
    
    
   
 18,082 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 57,800 
    
 
   Trading securities 
    
   
 101,331 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 101,331 
    
 
   Warehouse receivables 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,048,340 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,048,340 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets at fair value 
    
 $ 
 141,049 
    
    
 $ 
 1,066,422 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,207,471 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Securities sold, not yet purchased 
    
 $ 
 54,103 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 54,103 
    
 
   Interest rate swaps 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 48,022 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 48,022 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities at fair value 
    
 $ 
 54,103 
    
    
 $ 
 48,022 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 102,125 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Fair value measurements for our available for sale securities are obtained from
independent pricing services which utilize observable market data that may include quoted market prices, dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. treasury yield curve, trading levels, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information
and the instrument’s terms and conditions.      
 The trading securities and securities sold, not yet purchased are primarily in the U.S. and are generally valued at the last reported
sales price on the day of valuation or, if no sales occurred on the valuation date, at the mean of the bid and asked prices on such date.      
 The fair values of the warehouse receivables are calculated based on already locked in security buy prices. At December 31, 2013 and
2012, all of the warehouse receivables included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were either under commitment to be purchased by Freddie Mac or had confirmed forward trade commitments for the issuance and purchase of Fannie Mae or
Ginnie Mae mortgage backed securities that will be secured by the underlying loans (See Note 2). These assets are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as all inputs are readily observable. 
     The valuation of interest rate swaps is determined using
widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable
market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments and the discounted expected variable cash
receipts. The variable cash receipts are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate forward curves. To comply with the provisions of Topic 820, we incorporate credit valuation
adjustments to appropriately reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of our derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance
risk, we have considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. In conjunction with our adoption of ASU 2011-04, “ Fair Value Measurement (Topic
820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs ,” we made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of our derivative financial instruments that are subject to
master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. Although we have determined that the majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments
associated with our derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by us and our counterparties. However, as of December 31, 2013, we have determined that the credit
valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of our derivatives. As a result, we have determined that our derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.  
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  The following tables are a summary of our available for sale securities (dollars in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Estimated Fair Value 
   


 
   Available for sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. treasury securities 
    
 $ 
 3,679 
    
    
 $ 
 20 
    
    
 $ 
 (11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,688 
    
 
   Debt securities issued by U.S. federal agency obligations 
    
   
 6,654 
    
    
   
 29 
    
    
   
 (155 
 )  
   
   
 6,528 
    
 
   Corporate debt securities 
    
   
 17,347 
    
    
   
 341 
    
    
   
 (232 
 )  
   
   
 17,456 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 3,336 
    
    
   
 45 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,381 
    
 
   Collateralized mortgage obligations 
    
   
 2,671 
    
    
   
 53 
    
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 2,720 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
   
 33,687 
    
    
   
 488 
    
    
   
 (402 
 )  
   
   
 33,773 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 19,405 
    
    
   
 3,821 
    
    
   
 (199 
 )  
   
   
 23,027 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total available for sale securities 
    
 $ 
 53,092 
    
    
 $ 
 4,309 
    
    
 $ 
 (601 
 )  
   
 $ 
 56,800 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Estimated Fair Value 
   


 
   Available for sale securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. treasury securities 
    
 $ 
 9,733 
    
    
 $ 
 95 
    
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
 $ 
 9,827 
    
 
   Debt securities issued by U.S. federal agency obligations 
    
   
 1,893 
    
    
   
 30 
    
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 1,914 
    
 
   Corporate debt securities 
    
   
 7,890 
    
    
   
 457 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,347 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 5,033 
    
    
   
 52 
    
    
   
 (35 
 )  
   
   
 5,050 
    
 
   Collateralized mortgage obligations 
    
   
 2,682 
    
    
   
 107 
    
    
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 2,771 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
   
 27,231 
    
    
   
 741 
    
    
   
 (63 
 )  
   
   
 27,909 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 29,469 
    
    
   
 849 
    
    
   
 (427 
 )  
   
   
 29,891 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total available for sale securities 
    
 $ 
 56,700 
    
    
 $ 
 1,590 
    
    
 $ 
 (490 
 )  
   
 $ 
 57,800 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       The net carrying value and
estimated fair value of debt securities at December 31, 2013, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Actual repayment dates may differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay
obligations.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Due in one year or less 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Due after one year through five years 
    
   
 13,337 
    
    
   
 13,506 
    
 
   Due after five years through ten years 
    
   
 8,128 
    
    
   
 8,091 
    
 
   Due after ten years 
    
   
 6,215 
    
    
   
 6,075 
    
 
   Asset-backed securities 
    
   
 3,336 
    
    
   
 3,381 
    
 
   Collateralized mortgage obligations 
    
   
 2,671 
    
    
   
 2,720 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt securities 
    
 $ 
 33,687 
    
    
 $ 
 33,773 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  We did not record any significant dividends or interest income related to marketable
securities for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.        The portion of net gains and losses for the year ended December 31, 2013 relating to trading securities still held at December 31, 2013 is calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Net gains recognized during the year ended December 31, 2013 on trading securities 
    
 $ 
 6,845 
    
 
   Less: Net realized gains recognized on trading securities sold during the year ended December 31, 2013 
    
   
 7,627 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2013 on trading securities still held at
December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 (782 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
       The portion of net gains and
losses for the year ended December 31, 2012 relating to trading securities still held at December 31, 2012 is calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Net gains recognized during the year ended December 31, 2012 on trading securities 
    
 $ 
 5,318 
    
 
   Less: Net realized gains recognized on trading securities sold during the year ended December 31, 2012 
    
   
 4,313 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gains recognized during the year ended December 31, 2012 on trading securities still held at
December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 1,005 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
       The portion of net gains and
losses for the year ended December 31, 2011 relating to trading securities still held at December 31, 2011 is calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Net gains recognized during the year ended December 31, 2011 on trading securities 
    
 $ 
  1,706 
    
 
   Less: Net realized losses recognized on trading securities sold during the year ended December 31, 2011 
    
   
 (1,917 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gains recognized during the year ended December 31, 2011 on trading securities still held at
December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 3,623 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
       The following non-recurring
fair value measurements were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Net Carrying Value as of December 31, 2013 
   
    
 Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using 
   
    
 Total 
Impairment Charges for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    


 
   Other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 78,950 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 78,950 
    
    
 $ 
 98,129 
    
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 24,742 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 24,742 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 4,139 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total impairment charges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 102,268 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Net Carrying Value as of December 31, 2012 
   
    
 Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using 
   
    
 Total 
Impairment Charges for the Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    


 
   Property and equipment 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 5,841 
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 19,826 
    
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 10,701 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 10,701 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 3,907 
    
 
   Real estate 
    
 $ 
 74,115 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 74,115 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 26,481 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total impairment charges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 56,055 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Net Carrying Value as of December 31, 2011 
   
    
 Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using 
   
    
 Total 
Impairment Charges for the Year Ended December 31, 2011 
   
 
   
    
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    


 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 24,084 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 24,084 
    
    
 $ 
 5,550 
    
 
   Real estate 
    
 $ 
 37,322 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 37,322 
    
    
   
 4,337 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total impairment charges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 9,887 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
       The fair value measurements
employed for our impairment evaluations were generally based on third-party information available in non-active markets (such as third-party appraisals and offers received from third parties) as well as a discounted cash flow approach and/or review
of comparable activities in the market place. Inputs used in these evaluations included risk-free rates of return, estimated risk premiums as well as other economic variables.  
     Other Intangible Assets  
     During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded a
non-amortizable intangible asset impairment of $98.1 million in our Global Investment Management segment. This non-cash write-off related to a decrease in value of our open-end funds, primarily in Europe. These funds have experienced a decline in
assets under management, as the business mix shifts toward separate accounts, consistent with market movements following the extended financial crisis in Europe, which has resulted in project sales and planned liquidations of certain funds.
       During the year ended December 31, 2012, we
recorded a non-amortizable intangible asset impairment of $19.8 million in our EMEA segment. This non-cash write-off related to the discontinuation of the use of a trade name in the United Kingdom (U.K.).  
     All of our impairment charges related to non-amortizable
intangible assets were included as a separate line item in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.      
 Property and Equipment      
 During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded an asset impairment of $5.8 million in our Americas segment. This non-cash
write-off resulted from the decision to abandon certain modules of a software platform that were being developed in the U.S. as a result of a change in strategy. This impairment charge was included within operating, administrative and other expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Investments in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries  
     During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded
write-downs in our Global Investment Management of $4.1 million, of which $1.0 million were attributable to non-controlling interests. These write-downs were primarily driven by a decrease in the estimated holding period of certain assets.
       During the year ended December 31, 2012, we
recorded write-downs of $3.9 million, of which $0.6 million were attributable to non-controlling interests. During the year ended December 31, 2012, $3.8 million of the investment write-downs were reported in our Global Investment Management
segment and $0.1 million were reported in our Development Services segment. These write-downs were primarily driven by a decrease in the estimated holding period of certain assets and continued challenging market conditions.  
     During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded
write-downs of $5.6 million, of which $0.1 million were attributable to non-controlling interests. During the year ended December 31, 2011, $5.5 million of the investment write-downs were reported in our Global Investment Management segment and
$0.1 million were reported in our Development Services segment. These write-downs were primarily driven by a decrease in the estimated holding period of certain assets.  
     All of our impairment charges related to investments in
unconsolidated subsidiaries were included in equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. When we performed our impairment analysis, the assumptions utilized reflected our outlook for the
commercial real estate industry and the expected impact on our business.        Real Estate        During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded impairment charges of $26.5 million on real estate held for investment. Of this amount, $15.9 million was attributable to non-controlling
interests. These impairment charges were driven by a decrease in the estimated holding period of certain assets and continued challenging market conditions.      
 During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded charges of $4.3 million, including provisions for losses on real estate held for
sale and impairment charges on real estate held for investment. Of this amount, $0.3 million was attributable to non-controlling interests. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded provisions for losses on real estate held for
sale of $2.6 million. These charges reduced the carrying value of certain assets to their fair value, less cost to sell, primarily due to reduced selling prices resulting from a decrease in the estimated holding period of certain assets.
Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded impairment charges of $1.7 million related to real estate held for investment, which were attributable to continued challenging market conditions.  
     All of the abovementioned charges were reported in our
Development Services segment, with the exception of a $9.3 million impairment charge reported in our Global Investment Management segment during the year ended December 31, 2012. All of the abovementioned charges were included within operating,
administrative and other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, with the exception of a $1.3 million provision for loss on real estate for the year ended December 31, 2011, which was included within activity
from discontinued operations. If conditions in the broader economy, commercial real estate industry, specific markets or product types in which we operate worsen, we may be required to evaluate additional projects or re-evaluate previously impaired
projects for potential impairment. These evaluations could result in additional impairment charges.  
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  FASB ASC Topic 825, “ Financial Instruments ” requires disclosure of fair
value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Our financial instruments, excluding those included in the preceding fair value tables above, are as follows:  
     Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash : These
balances include cash and cash equivalents as well as restricted cash with maturities of less than three months. The carrying amount approximates fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.  
     Receivables, less Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:  Due
to their short-term nature, fair value approximates carrying value.        Warehouse Receivables:  These balances are carried at fair value based on market prices at the balance sheet date.  
     Trading and Available for Sale Securities:  These
investments are carried at their fair value.      
 Securities Sold, not yet Purchased:  These liabilities are carried at their fair value.  
     Short-Term Borrowings : The majority of this balance
represents our warehouse lines of credit and our revolving credit facility outstanding for CBRE Capital Markets. Due to the short-term nature and variable interest rates of these instruments, fair value approximates carrying value (see Note 13).
       Senior Secured Term Loans : Based upon
information from third-party banks, the estimated fair value of our senior secured term loans was approximately $687.6 million and $1.6 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Their actual carrying value totaled $685.3 million and
$1.6 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively (see Note 13).        Interest Rate Swaps : These liabilities are carried at their fair value as calculated by using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows
of each derivative (see Note 6).        5.00%
Senior Notes : Based on dealers’ quotes, the estimated fair value of our 5.00% senior notes was $769.4 million at December 31, 2013. Their actual carrying value totaled $800.0 million at December 31, 2013 (see Note 13).  
     6.625% Senior Notes : Based on dealers’ quotes,
the estimated fair value of our 6.625% senior notes was $372.8 million and $385.0 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Their actual carrying value totaled $350.0 million at both December 31, 2013 and 2012 (see Note 13).
       11.625% Senior Subordinated Notes : Based
on dealers’ quotes, the estimated fair value of our 11.625% senior subordinated notes was $488.8 million at December 31, 2012. Their actual carrying value totaled $440.5 million at December 31, 2012. We redeemed these notes in
full on June 15, 2013 (see Note 13).      
 Notes Payable on Real Estate:  As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the carrying value of our notes payable on real estate was
$130.5 million and $326.0 million, respectively (see Note 12). These borrowings generally have floating interest rates at spreads over a market rate index. It is likely that some portion of our notes payable on real estate have fair values lower
than actual carrying values. Given our volume of notes payable and the cost involved in estimating their fair value, we determined it was not practicable to do so. Additionally, only $4.0 million and $13.9 million of these notes payable were
recourse to us as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

  6. Derivative Financial Instruments  
      We are exposed to certain risks arising
from both our business operations and economic conditions. We manage economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of our debt funding and by using derivative financial
instruments. Specifically, we enter into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest
rates. Our derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of our known or expected cash payments principally related to our borrowings. We do not net derivatives on the balance sheet. Our
objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, we primarily use interest rate swaps as part of our interest rate risk
management strategy.        In March 2011, we entered
into five interest rate swap agreements, all with effective dates in October 2011, and immediately designated them as cash flow hedges. The purpose of these interest rate swap agreements is to hedge potential changes to our cash flows due to the
variable interest nature of our senior secured term loan facilities. The total notional amount of these interest rate swap agreements is $400.0 million, with $200.0 million expiring in October 2017 and $200.0 million expiring in September 2019. The
ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. There was no significant hedge ineffectiveness for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. The effective portion of changes in the
fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the balance sheet and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction
affects earnings. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there was $29.0 million and $48.0 million, respectively, included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets related to these interest rate swaps,
which will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on our senior secured term loan facilities. During the next twelve months, we estimate that $11.7 million will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense.
       The following table presents the fair value of
our interest rate swaps as well as their classification on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Asset Derivatives 
    
 Liability Derivatives 
 
   
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
    
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2013 
    
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2012 
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
    
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2013 
    
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2012 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps 
    
   
 Other assets 
    
    
 $—   
    
 $—   
    
   
 Other liabilities 
    
    
 $29,034 
    
 $48,022 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
    
     
    
 
 
 
    
     
    
     
       The following table presents
the effect of our interest rate swaps on our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Amount of Gain Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss on Derivative (Effective
Portion) 
   
 Location of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into
Income Statement (Effective Portion) 
   
 Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into
Income Statement (Effective Portion) 
   
 Location of Loss Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion) 
   
 Amount of Loss Recognized on Derivative (Ineffective Portion) 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps 
   
 $7,149 
   
 Interest expense 
   
 $(11,846) 
   
 Other income (loss) 
   
 $(6) 
 
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
 
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  The following table presents the effect of our interest rate swaps on our consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Amount of Loss Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss on Derivative (Effective
Portion) 
   
 Location of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into
Income Statement (Effective Portion) 
   
 Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into
Income Statement (Effective Portion) 
   
 Location of Loss Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion) 
   
 Amount of Loss Recognized on Derivative (Ineffective Portion) 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps 
   
 $(19,826) 
   
 Interest expense 
   
 $(11,676) 
   
 Other income (loss) 
   
 $—   
 
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
       The following table presents
the effect of our interest rate swaps on our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2011 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Amount of Loss Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss on Derivative (Effective
Portion) 
   
 Location of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into
Income Statement (Effective Portion) 
   
 Amount of Loss Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into
Income Statement (Effective Portion) 
   
 Location of Loss Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion) 
   
 Amount of Loss Recognized on Derivative (Ineffective Portion) 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps 
   
 $(42,732) 
   
 Interest expense 
   
 $(2,860) 
   
 Other income (loss) 
   
 $—   
 
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
   
 
   
     
       We have agreements with some
of our derivative counterparties that contain a provision where (1) if we default on any of our indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then we could also be declared in
default on our derivative obligations; or (2) we could be declared in default on our derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to our default on the indebtedness.  
     As of December 31, 2013, the fair value of derivatives
related to these agreements was a net liability position of $30.0 million, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk. As of December 31, 2013, we have not posted any collateral related to these
agreements and had not breached any of the provisions discussed above. Had we breached any of the provisions discussed above at December 31, 2013, we may have been required to settle our obligations under the agreements at their termination
value of $30.1 million.        From time to time,
we also enter into interest rate swap and cap agreements in order to limit our interest expense related to our notes payable on real estate. If any of these agreements are not designated as effective hedges, then they are marked to market each
period with the change in fair value recognized in current period earnings. The net impact on our earnings resulting from gains and/or losses on interest rate swap and cap agreements associated with notes payable on real estate has not been
significant.        We routinely monitor our exposure to
currency exchange rate changes in connection with transactions and sometimes enter into foreign currency exchange option and forward contracts to limit our exposure to such transactions, as appropriate. In the normal course of business, we also
sometimes utilize derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate foreign currency exchange exposure resulting from intercompany loans, expected cash flow and earnings. Included in the consolidated
statements of operations were net losses of $1.8 million, $4.4 million and $1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2013,  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
2012 and 2011, respectively, resulting from net losses on foreign currency exchange option and forward contracts. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we did not have any foreign currency
exchange contracts outstanding.        We also enter
into loan commitments that relate to the origination or acquisition of commercial mortgage loans that will be held for resale. FASB ASC Topic 815 requires that these commitments be recorded at their fair values as derivatives. The net impact on our
financial position and earnings resulting from these derivatives contracts has not been significant.      
  7. Property and Equipment  
      Property and equipment consists of the
following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 Useful Lives 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Computer hardware and software 
    
 3-10 years 
    
 $ 
 471,237 
    
   
 $ 
 366,935 
    
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
 1-15 years 
    
   
 248,359 
    
   
   
 226,337 
    
 
   Furniture and equipment 
    
 1-10 years 
    
   
 211,893 
    
   
   
 202,819 
    
 
   Equipment under capital leases 
    
 3-5 years 
    
   
 10,697 
    
   
   
 10,713 
    
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total cost 
    
 
    
   
 942,186 
    
   
   
 806,804 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
 
    
   
 (483,590 
 )  
   
   
 (427,628 
 )  
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
 
    
 $ 
 458,596 
    
   
 $ 
 379,176 
    
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Depreciation and amortization
expense associated with property and equipment was $98.1 million, $76.2 million and $54.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
     We did not recognize an impairment loss related to property
and equipment in 2013 or 2011. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded an impairment loss related to property and equipment of $5.8 million (see Note 5 for additional information).  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

  8. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
      The following table summarizes the
changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Americas 
   
   
 EMEA 
   
   
 Asia Pacific 
   
   
 Global Investment Management 
 
   
   
 Development Services 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance as of December 31, 2011 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
 $ 
 1,641,748 
    
   
 $ 
 494,116 
    
   
 $ 
 160,197 
    
   
 $ 
 514,189 
    
   
 $ 
 86,663 
    
   
 $ 
 2,896,913 
    
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
   
   
 (798,290 
 )  
   
   
 (138,631 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (44,922 
 )  
   
   
 (86,663 
 )  
   
   
 (1,068,506 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 843,458 
    
   
   
 355,485 
    
   
   
 160,197 
    
   
   
 469,267 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,828,407 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Purchase accounting entries related to acquisitions 
   
   
 15,980 
    
   
   
 31,440 
    
   
   
 1,175 
    
   
   
 (2,277 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 46,318 
    
 
   Foreign exchange movement 
   
   
 585 
    
   
   
 8,140 
    
   
   
 (636 
 )  
   
   
 6,788 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 14,877 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2012 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 1,658,313 
    
   
   
 533,696 
    
   
   
 160,736 
    
   
   
 518,700 
    
   
   
 86,663 
    
   
   
 2,958,108 
    
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
   
   
 (798,290 
 )  
   
   
 (138,631 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (44,922 
 )  
   
   
 (86,663 
 )  
   
   
 (1,068,506 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
   
 860,023 
    
   
   
 395,065 
    
   
   
 160,736 
    
   
   
 473,778 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,889,602 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Purchase accounting entries related to acquisitions 
   
   
 60,552 
    
   
   
 342,035 
    
   
   
 (3,169 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 399,418 
    
 
   Foreign exchange movement 
   
   
 (1,228 
 )  
   
   
 14,407 
    
   
   
 (19,074 
 )  
   
   
 7,349 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,454 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 1,717,637 
    
   
   
 890,138 
    
   
   
 138,493 
    
   
   
 526,049 
    
   
   
 86,663 
    
   
   
 3,358,980 
    
 
   Accumulated impairment losses 
   
   
 (798,290 
 )  
   
   
 (138,631 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (44,922 
 )  
   
   
 (86,663 
 )  
   
   
 (1,068,506 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 919,347 
    
   
 $ 
 751,507 
    
   
 $ 
 138,493 
    
   
 $ 
 481,127 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 2,290,474 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       On December 23, 2013, we
acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of London-based Norland, which fortified our real estate outsourcing platform in Europe within our EMEA segment (Norland Acquisition). Norland is a premier provider of building technical engineering services
that enables us to self-perform these services in Europe and adds to our expertise in the highly specialized critical environments market. The purchase price for the Norland Acquisition was approximately $475 million, with $433.9 million paid at
closing and the remaining contingent consideration payable in 2014. The Norland Acquisition was financed with cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. On December 23, 2013, we also issued an aggregate of 362,916 shares
of non-vested Class A common stock to certain members of senior management of Norland in connection with this acquisition.      
 The acquisition agreement provides for a contingent payment of up to 50 million British pounds sterling if certain performance criteria
are met post-acquisition. In measuring the fair value of the contingent consideration, we assigned probabilities to the performance criteria, based on the nature of the performance criteria and our due diligence performed at the time of the
acquisition. The fair value of this contingent consideration was based on the weighted probability of achievement of a certain earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
amortization (EBITDA) level for the 12-months ending March 31, 2014, which ranged from 22.1 million to 35.0 million British pounds sterling. We valued this contingent payment at 25.5 million
British pounds sterling (or $41.8 million) at acquisition date, which has been recorded within accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.        The preliminary purchase accounting adjustments related to the Norland Acquisition have been recorded in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. The excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired has been recorded to goodwill. The goodwill arising from the Norland Acquisition consists largely of the synergies and
economies of scale expected from combining the operations acquired from Norland with ours. No goodwill recorded in connection with the Norland Acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. Given the complexity of the transaction, the calculation of
the fair value of certain assets and liabilities acquired, primarily intangible assets and income tax items, is still preliminary. The purchase price allocation is expected to be completed as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the
acquisition date. The following table summarizes the aggregate estimated fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in the Norland Acquisition (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
  48,132 
    
 
   Receivables, net 
    
   
 138,509 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses 
    
   
 14,072 
    
 
   Deferred tax assets, current 
    
   
 2,912 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 12,698 
    
 
   Property and equipment 
    
   
 4,164 
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 108,974 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 668 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 330,129 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 142,467 
    
 
   Compensation and employee benefits payable 
    
   
 11,777 
    
 
   Accrued bonus and profit sharing 
    
   
 1,862 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities, long-term 
    
   
 21,795 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 8,804 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities assumed 
    
 $ 
 186,705 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Estimated fair value of net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 143,424 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
       The following is a summary of
the preliminary estimate of the amortizable intangible assets acquired in connection with the Norland Acquisition (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 At December 31, 2013 
   
 
   Intangible Asset Class 
    
 Weighted Average Amortization Period
 
   
    
 Amount Assigned 
At Acquisition Date 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization and Foreign Currency Translation 
   
    
 Net Carrying Amount 
   


 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 5 years 
    
    
 $ 
 68,807 
    
    
 $ 
 890 
    
    
 $ 
 69,697 
    
 
   Trade name 
    
   
 2 years 
    
    
   
 35,177 
    
    
   
 454 
    
    
   
 35,631 
    
 
   Non-compete agreements 
    
   
 2 years 
    
    
   
 4,990 
    
    
   
 65 
    
    
   
 5,055 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total amortizable intangibles acquired 
    
   
 4 years 
    
    
 $ 
 108,974 
    
    
 $ 
 1,409 
    
    
 $ 
 110,383 
    
 
      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Norland did not contribute to our statement of operations during the year ended
December 31, 2013, with the exception of $9.2 million of direct transaction and integration costs incurred in connection with the Norland Acquisition, which have been included in operating, administrative and other expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations.        Unaudited
pro forma results, assuming the Norland Acquisition had occurred as of January 1, 2012 for purposes of the 2013 and 2012 pro forma disclosures, are presented below. They include certain adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, including $33.8 million of increased amortization expense in both years as a result of intangible assets acquired in the Norland Acquisition, $1.1 million and $1.2 million, respectively, of additional interest expense as a result of debt
incurred to finance the Norland Acquisition, the removal of $9.2 million of direct costs incurred by us related to the Norland Acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2013, and the tax impact in both years of the pro forma adjustments.
These unaudited pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of what operating results would have been had the Norland Acquisition occurred on January 1, 2012 and may not be indicative
of future operating results (dollars in thousands, except share data):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Unaudited) 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 7,792,992 
    
    
 $ 
 7,012.318 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 614,163 
    
    
 $ 
 567,201 
    
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 313,567 
    
    
 $ 
 296,345 
    
 
   Basic income per share 
    
 $ 
 0.96 
    
    
 $ 
 0.92 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 328,110,004 
    
    
   
 322,315,576 
    
 
   Diluted income per share 
    
 $ 
 0.95 
    
    
 $ 
 0.91 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 331,762,854 
    
    
   
 327,044,145 
    
       During 2013, we completed ten
in-fill acquisitions, most notably a leading firm serving the London prime residential real estate market, a leading regional commercial real estate services firm based in San Francisco, a retail real estate services firm in the U.S. Mid-Atlantic
region, a facility consulting and project advisory firm serving the healthcare industry and based in Richmond, Virginia, and two property management specialist firms – one in the Czech Republic and Slovakia and one in Belgium. During 2012, we
completed five in-fill acquisitions, including our former affiliate companies in Turkey and Vietnam, a niche real estate investment advisor and an independent commercial and residential property partnership in the U.K., and a brokerage and property
management firm in Atlanta.        Our annual assessment
of goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives has historically been completed as of the beginning of the fourth quarter of each year. We performed the 2013, 2012 and 2011 assessments as of October 1. When we performed
our required annual goodwill impairment review as of October 1, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we determined that no impairment existed as the estimated fair value of our reporting units was in excess of their carrying value.  
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Other intangible assets totaled $841.2 million and $786.8 million, net of accumulated
amortization of $348.6 million and $273.6 million, as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and are comprised of the following (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 

   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 

   
   
 Gross Carrying Amount 

   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 

   


 
   Unamortizable intangible assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Management contracts 
    
 $ 
 127,050 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 219,132 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Trademarks 
    
   
 56,800 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 56,800 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Trade names 
    
   
 20,400 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 20,400 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 204,250 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 296,332 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Amortizable intangible assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Customer relationships 
    
 $ 
 362,810 
    
    
 $ 
 (102,429 
 )  
   
 $ 
 259,256 
    
    
 $ 
 (84,628 
 )  
 
   Mortgage servicing rights 
    
   
 259,931 
    
    
   
 (79,448 
 )  
   
   
 195,813 
    
    
   
 (50,858 
 )  
 
   Management contracts 
    
   
 180,981 
    
    
   
 (49,785 
 )  
   
   
 178,561 
    
    
   
 (32,005 
 )  
 
   Backlog and incentive fees 
    
   
 61,507 
    
    
   
 (61,507 
 )  
   
   
 58,478 
    
    
   
 (57,739 
 )  
 
   Trade name 
    
   
 35,631 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 84,684 
    
    
   
 (55,397 
 )  
   
   
 71,984 
    
    
   
 (48,401 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 985,544 
    
    
 $ 
 (348,566 
 )  
   
 $ 
 764,092 
    
    
 $ 
 (273,631 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 1,189,794 
    
    
 $ 
 (348,566 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,060,424 
    
    
 $ 
 (273,631 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Management contracts with
indefinite useful lives primarily represent intangible assets identified as a result of the REIM Acquisitions relating to relationships with open-end funds. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded a non-amortizable intangible asset
impairment of $98.1 million, which related to a decrease in value of our open-end funds, primarily in Europe (see Note 5). Trademarks of $56.8 million were separately identified as a result of the 2001 Acquisition. In connection with the REIM
Acquisitions, a trade name of $20.4 million was separately identified, which represented the Clarion Partners trade name in the U.S. These intangible assets have indefinite useful lives and accordingly are not being amortized. As a result of the
Insignia Acquisition, a $19.8 million trade name was separately identified, which represented the Richard Ellis trade name in the U.K. During the year ended December 31, 2012, this trade name was written off as a result of the discontinuation
of its use (see Note 5).        Customer relationships
primarily represent intangible assets identified in the Trammell Crow Company Acquisition and the Norland Acquisition relating to existing relationships primarily in the brokerage, property management, project management and facilities management
lines of business. These intangible assets are being amortized over useful lives of up to 20 years.        Mortgage servicing rights represent the carrying value of servicing assets in our mortgage brokerage line of business in the U.S. The mortgage servicing rights are being amortized over the estimated
period that net servicing income is expected to be received, which is typically up to ten years.        Management contracts consist primarily of asset management contracts relating to relationships with closed-end funds and separate accounts in the U.S., Europe and Asia that were separately identified as a
result of the REIM Acquisitions. These management contracts are being amortized over useful lives of up to 13 years.  
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Backlog and incentive fees mostly represented the fair value of net revenue backlog and
incentive fees acquired as part of the Trammell Crow Company Acquisition as well as other in-fill acquisitions. These intangible assets were amortized over useful lives of up to one year.        The trade name was separately identified as a result of the Norland Acquisition and will be amortized over two
years.        Other amortizable intangible assets mainly
represent transition costs, non-compete agreements acquired as a result of the REIM Acquisitions and other intangible assets acquired as a result of the Trammell Crow Company Acquisition and the Insignia Acquisition. Other intangible assets are
being amortized over useful lives of up to 20 years.        Amortization expense related to intangible assets was $85.4 million, $78.6 million and $41.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The estimated annual
amortization expense for each of the years ending December 31, 2014 through December 31, 2018 approximates $115.5 million, $107.7 million, $77.2 million, $70.0 million and $66.0 million, respectively.  
   
  9. Investments in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries  
      Investments in unconsolidated
subsidiaries are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and include the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Global Investment Management 
    
 $ 
 99,714 
    
    
 $ 
 131,750 
    
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 76,791 
    
    
   
 53,435 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 22,191 
    
    
   
 21,613 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 198,696 
    
    
 $ 
 206,798 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  The results for the year ended December 31, 2011 include the activity of equity
investments acquired from and co-investments made in connection with the ING REIM Asia and ING REIM Europe acquisitions from October 3, 2011 and October 31, 2011, respectively, the dates each respective business was acquired. Combined
condensed financial information for the entities accounted for using the equity method is as follows (dollars in thousands):      
 Condensed Balance Sheets Information:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Global Investment Management: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets 
    
 $ 
 1,148,658 
    
   
 $ 
 1,139,867 
    
 
   Non-current assets 
    
   
 12,546,920 
    
   
   
 13,353,456 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 13,695,578 
    
   
 $ 
 14,493,323 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1,034,040 
    
   
 $ 
 1,337,944 
    
 
   Non-current liabilities 
    
   
 4,705,551 
    
   
   
 5,538,066 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 5,739,591 
    
   
 $ 
 6,876,010 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Development Services: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Real estate 
    
 $ 
 1,372,379 
    
   
 $ 
 1,165,166 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 109,328 
    
   
   
 88,067 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 1,481,707 
    
   
 $ 
 1,253,233 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Notes payable on real estate 
    
 $ 
 569,023 
    
   
 $ 
 473,704 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 134,809 
    
   
   
 173,492 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 703,832 
    
   
 $ 
 647,196 
    
 
   Other: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets 
    
 $ 
 56,359 
    
   
 $ 
 71,708 
    
 
   Non-current assets 
    
   
 37,226 
    
   
   
 43,401 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 93,585 
    
   
 $ 
 115,109 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities 
    
 $ 
 33,791 
    
   
 $ 
 43,557 
    
 
   Non-current liabilities 
    
   
 14,335 
    
   
   
 24,190 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 48,126 
    
   
 $ 
 67,747 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Non-controlling interests 
    
 $ 
 (183 
 )  
   
 $ 
 17,187 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Assets 
    
 $ 
  15,270,870 
    
   
 $ 
  15,861,665 
    
 
   Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 6,491,549 
    
   
 $ 
 7,590,953 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests 
    
 $ 
 (183 
 )  
   
 $ 
 17,187 
    
 
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Condensed Statements of Operations Information:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Global Investment Management: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 874,875 
    
   
 $ 
 833,343 
    
   
 $ 
 614,684 
    
 
   Operating loss 
    
 $ 
 (241,829 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (161,966 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (149,519 
 )  
 
   Net (loss) income 
    
 $ 
 (26,075 
 )  
   
 $ 
 64,696 
    
   
 $ 
 70,551 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Development Services: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 70,343 
    
   
 $ 
 97,084 
    
   
 $ 
 123,865 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 130,873 
    
   
 $ 
 63,472 
    
   
 $ 
 118,995 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 129,563 
    
   
 $ 
 38,720 
    
   
 $ 
 87,204 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 160,858 
    
   
 $ 
 163,365 
    
   
 $ 
 163,109 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 28,352 
    
   
 $ 
 21,755 
    
   
 $ 
 23,880 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 28,422 
    
   
 $ 
 23,223 
    
   
 $ 
 24,695 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,106,076 
    
   
 $ 
 1,093,792 
    
   
 $ 
 901,658 
    
 
   Operating loss 
    
 $ 
 (82,604 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (76,739 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (6,644 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 131,910 
    
   
 $ 
 126,639 
    
   
 $ 
 182,450 
    
       During the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recorded non-cash write-downs of investments of $4.1 million, $3.9 million and $5.6 million, respectively, within our Global Investment Management and Development Services segments (see Note 5), all of which
were included in equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.      
 Our Global Investment Management segment involves investing our own capital in certain real estate investments with clients. We have
provided investment management, property management, brokerage and other professional services in connection with these real estate investments on an arm’s length basis and earned revenues from these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $252.6
million, $190.0 million and $104.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.      
 Our Development Services segment has agreements to provide development, property management and brokerage services to certain of our
unconsolidated development subsidiaries on an arm’s length basis and earned revenues from these unconsolidated subsidiaries. Revenue related to these agreements included in our results for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011
was $17.5 million, $21.2 million and $5.7 million, respectively.      

 
 
 10. 
 Real Estate and Other Assets Held for Sale and Related Liabilities  
      Real estate and other assets held for
sale include completed real estate projects or land for sale in their present condition that have met all of the “held for sale” criteria of FASB ASC Topic 360 and other assets directly related to such projects. Liabilities related to real
estate and other assets held for sale have been included as a single line item in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  There were no real estate assets classified as “held for sale” at
December 31, 2013. Real estate and other assets held for sale and related liabilities were as follows at December 31, 2012 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Real estate held for sale (see Note 11) 
    
 $ 
 116,822 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 4,921 
    
 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
   
 329 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 8,427 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total real estate and other assets held for sale 
    
   
 130,499 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Notes payable on real estate held for sale (see Note 12) 
    
   
 101,542 
    
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
   
 2,444 
    
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 190 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 451 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities related to real estate and other assets held for sale 
    
   
 104,627 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net real estate and other assets held for sale 
    
 $ 
 25,872 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
  11. Real Estate  
      We provide build-to-suit services for our
clients and also develop or purchase certain projects which we intend to sell to institutional investors upon project completion or redevelopment. Therefore, we have ownership of real estate until such projects are sold or otherwise disposed.
Certain real estate assets secure the outstanding balances of underlying mortgage or construction loans. Our real estate is reported in our Development Services and Global Investment Management segments and consisted of the following (dollars in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Land 
   
    
 Buildings and Improvements 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2013 
   


 
   Real estate under development (current) 
    
 $ 
 667 
    
    
 $ 
 18,466 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 19,133 
    
 
   Real estate under development (non-current) 
    
   
 822 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 822 
    
 
   Real estate held for investment 
    
   
 24,717 
    
    
   
 76,932 
    
   
   
 5,350 
    
   
   
 106,999 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total real estate 
    
 $ 
 26,206 
    
    
 $ 
 95,398 
 (1)  
   
 $ 
 5,350 
 (2)  
   
 $ 
 126,954 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2012 
   
 
   Real estate included in assets held for sale (see Note 10) 
    
 $ 
 28,533 
    
    
 $ 
 86,727 
    
   
 $ 
 1,562 
    
   
 $ 
 116,822 
    
 
   Real estate under development (non-current) 
    
   
 16,332 
    
    
   
 10,984 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 27,316 
    
 
   Real estate held for investment 
    
   
 77,292 
    
    
   
 149,020 
    
   
   
 8,733 
    
   
   
 235,045 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total real estate 
    
 $ 
 122,157 
    
    
 $ 
 246,731 
 (1)  
   
 $ 
 10,295 
 (2)  
   
 $ 
 379,183 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Net of accumulated depreciation of $23.6 million and $32.9 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Includes balances for lease intangibles and tenant origination costs of $5.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively, at December 31, 2013 and $8.0
million and $1.5 million, respectively, at December 31, 2012. We record lease intangibles and tenant origination costs upon acquiring real estate projects with in-place  

      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

 
 
   
   
leases. The balances are shown net of amortization, which is recorded as an increase to, or a reduction of, rental income for lease intangibles and as amortization expense for tenant origination
costs.        During the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011, we recorded impairment charges of $17.2 million and $1.7 million, respectively, on real estate held for investment within our Development Services segment. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we also recorded an
impairment charge of $9.3 million on real estate held for investment within our Global Investment Management segment. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded a provision for loss on real estate held for sale of $2.6
million within our Development Services segment. See Note 5 for additional information.        The estimated costs to complete one consolidated real estate project under development or to be developed by us as of December 31, 2013 totaled approximately $3.0 million. At December 31, 2013,
we had no commitments for the sale of our projects.      
 Rental revenues (which are included in revenue) and expenses (which are included in operating, administrative and other expenses) relating
to our operational real estate properties, excluding those reported as discontinued operations, were $24.3 million and $11.7 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2013, $55.6 million and $35.5 million, respectively, for the
year ended December 31, 2012 and $73.9 million and $34.9 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2011, and were included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations within our Development Services and Global
Investment Management segments.      
  12. Notes Payable on Real Estate  
      We had loans secured by real estate,
which consisted of the following at December 31, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Current portion of notes payable on real estate 
    
 $ 
 62,017 
    
    
 $ 
 35,212 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate included in liabilities related to real estate and other assets held for sale (see Note
10) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 101,542 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total notes payable on real estate, current portion 
    
   
 62,017 
    
    
   
 136,754 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate, non-current portion 
    
   
 68,455 
    
    
   
 189,258 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total notes payable on real estate 
    
 $ 
 130,472 
    
    
 $ 
 326,012 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Notes payable on real estate
held for sale are included in liabilities related to real estate and other assets held for sale. Notes payable on real estate under development (current) are included in notes payable on real estate, current. Notes payable on real estate under
development (non-current) and real estate held for investment are classified according to payment terms and maturity dates.      
 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, $2.5 million and $2.6 million, respectively, of the non-current portion of notes payable on real
estate and $1.5 million and $11.3 million, respectively, of the current portion of notes payable on real estate were recourse to us, beyond being recourse to the single-purpose entity that held the real estate asset and was the primary obligor on
the note payable.  
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Principal maturities of notes payable on real estate at December 31, 2013, were as
follows (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 42,546 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 51,972 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 21,145 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 1,779 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 1,889 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 11,141 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 130,472 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
       Interest rates on loans
outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012 ranged from 2.42% to 6.04% and 2.46% to 8.75%, respectively. Generally, only interest is payable on the real estate loans and is usually drawn on the underlying loan with all unpaid principal and
interest due at maturity. Capitalized interest for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 totaled $0.1 million, $2.2 million and $2.0 million, respectively.  
      113
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

  13. Long-Term Debt and Short-Term Borrowings  
      Total long-term debt and short-term
borrowings consist of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Long-Term Debt: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   5.00% senior notes due in 2023 
    
 $ 
 800,000 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Senior secured term loans, with interest ranging from 1.92% to 3.71%, due from 2013 through 2021 
    
   
 685,263 
    
    
   
 1,627,746 
    
 
   6.625% senior notes due in 2020 
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 350,000 
    
 
   11.625% senior subordinated notes, net of unamortized discount of $9,477 at December 31, 2012, redeemed in June
2013 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 440,523 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 5,417 
    
    
   
 9,336 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Subtotal 
    
   
 1,840,680 
    
    
   
 2,427,605 
    
 
   Less current maturities of long-term debt 
    
   
 42,245 
    
    
   
 73,156 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term debt 
    
   
 1,798,435 
    
    
   
 2,354,449 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Short-Term Borrowings: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.60% to 2.00%, and a maturity date of May 28,
2014 
    
   
 150,712 
    
    
   
 171,330 
    
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.50% to 2.00%, and a maturity date of June 30,
2014 
    
   
 94,889 
    
    
   
 124,263 
    
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily Chase-London LIBOR plus 1.90% to 2.50%, and a maturity date of October 27,
2014 
    
   
 65,800 
    
    
   
 78,072 
    
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.65% to 1.90%, and a maturity date of July 29,
2014 
    
   
 36,812 
    
    
   
 161,342 
    
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily one-month LIBOR plus 2.25%, and expired on January 16, 2014 

    
   
 16,464 
    
    
   
 452,656 
    
 
   Warehouse line of credit, with interest at daily LIBOR plus 1.35% with LIBOR floor of 0.35%, and no maturity date 

    
   
 9,920 
    
    
   
 38,718 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total warehouse lines of credit 
    
   
 374,597 
    
    
   
 1,026,381 
    
 
   Revolving credit facility, with interest ranging from 1.59% to 5.02%, maturing through 2018 
    
   
 142,484 
    
    
   
 72,964 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 16 
    
    
   
 16 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
    
   
 517,097 
    
    
   
 1,099,361 
    
 
   Add current maturities of long-term debt 
    
   
 42,245 
    
    
   
 73,156 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total current debt 
    
   
 559,342 
    
    
   
 1,172,517 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term debt and short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 2,357,777 
    
    
 $ 
 3,526,966 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Future annual aggregate
maturities of total consolidated debt at December 31, 2013 are as follows (dollars in thousands): 2014—$559,342; 2015—$41,042; 2016—$69,205; 2017—$255,275; 2018—$80,275 and $1,352,638 thereafter.  
     Since 2001, we have maintained credit facilities with Credit
Suisse Group AG (CS) and other lenders to fund strategic acquisitions and to provide for our working capital needs. On November 10, 2010, we entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the 2010 Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks led
by CS, as administrative and collateral agent, to completely refinance our previous credit facilities. On March 4, 2011, we entered into an  
      114
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
amendment to our 2010 Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase flexibility to various covenants to accommodate the REIM Acquisitions and to maintain the availability of the $800.0
million incremental facility under the 2010 Credit Agreement. On March 4, 2011, we also entered into an incremental assumption agreement to allow for the establishment of new tranche C and tranche D term loan facilities. On November 10,
2011, we entered into an incremental assumption agreement led jointly by HSBC Bank USA, N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to allow for the establishment of a new tranche A-1 term loan facility, which also reduced the $800.0 million incremental
facility under the 2010 Credit Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we completed a series of financing transactions, which included the repayment of $1.6 billion of our senior secured term loans under our previous credit
agreement. On March 28, 2013, we entered into a new credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks led by CS, as administrative and collateral agent, to completely refinance our previous credit agreement.  
     As of December 31, 2013, our Credit Agreement provides
for the following: (1) a $1.2 billion revolving credit facility, including revolving credit loans, letters of credit and a swingline loan facility, maturing on March 28, 2018; (2) a $500.0 million tranche A term loan facility (of
which $300.0 million was on an optional delayed-draw basis for up to 120 days from March 28, 2013, which we drew down in June 2013 to partially fund the redemption of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes) requiring quarterly principal
payments, which began on June 30, 2013 and continue through maturity on March 28, 2018; and (3) a $215.0 million tranche B term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on June 30, 2013 and continue
through December 31, 2020, with the balance payable at maturity on March 28, 2021.        As of December 31, 2012, our 2010 Credit Agreement provided for the following: (1) a $700.0 million revolving credit facility, including revolving credit loans, letters of credit and a swingline
loan facility, maturing on May 10, 2015; (2) a $350.0 million tranche A term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on December 31, 2010 and were to continue through September 30, 2015, with the balance
payable on November 10, 2015; (3) a £187.0 million (approximately $300.0 million) tranche A-1 term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on December 30, 2011 and were to continue through
March 31, 2016, with the balance payable on May 10, 2016; (4) a $300.0 million tranche B term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on December 31, 2010 and were to continue through September 30,
2016, with the balance payable on November 10, 2016; (5) a $400.0 million tranche C term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on September 30, 2011 and were to continue through December 31, 2017, with
the balance payable on March 4, 2018; (6) a $400.0 million tranche D term loan facility requiring quarterly principal payments, which began on September 30, 2011 and were to continue through June 30, 2019, with the balance
payable on September 4, 2019 and (7) an accordion provision which provided the ability to borrow additional funds under an incremental facility. The incremental facility was equivalent to the sum of $800.0 million and the aggregate amount
of all repayments of term loans and permanent reductions of revolver commitments under the 2010 Credit Agreement. However, at no time could the sum of all outstanding amounts under the 2010 Credit Agreement exceed $2.95 billion. On June 30,
2011, we drew down $400.0 million of the tranche D term loan facility to finance the CRES portion of the REIM Acquisitions, which closed on July 1, 2011. On August 31, 2011, we drew down $400.0 million of the tranche C term loan facility,
part of which was used to finance the ING REIM Asia portion of the REIM Acquisitions, which closed on October 3, 2011. The remaining borrowings were used to finance the acquisition of ING REIM’s operations in Europe, which closed on
October 31, 2011. On November 10, 2011, we utilized the incremental facility to issue the tranche A-1 term loan facility.      
 The revolving credit facility allows for borrowings outside of the U.S., with a $10.0 million sub-facility available to one of our
Canadian subsidiaries, a $35.0 million sub-facility available to one of our Australian subsidiaries and one of our New Zealand subsidiaries and a $150.0 million sub-facility available to one of our U.K. subsidiaries. Additionally, outstanding
borrowings under these sub-facilities may be up to 5.0% higher as allowed under the currency fluctuation provision in the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the revolving credit  
      115
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
facility bear interest at varying rates, based at our option, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 1.15% to 2.25% or the daily rate plus 0.125% to 1.25% as determined by reference to our
ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement). As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had $142.5 million and $73.0 million, respectively, of revolving credit facility principal outstanding with related
weighted average interest rates of 2.2% and 3.2%, respectively, which are included in short-term borrowings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2013, letters of credit totaling $11.6 million were outstanding
under the revolving credit facility. These letters of credit were primarily issued in the normal course of business as well as in connection with certain insurance programs and reduce the amount we may borrow under the revolving credit facility.
       Borrowings under the term loan facilities as of
December 31, 2013 bear interest, based at our option, on the following: for the tranche A term loan facility, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 1.50% to 2.75% or the daily rate plus 0.50% to 1.75%, as determined by reference to our ratio
of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and for the tranche B term loan facility, on either the applicable fixed rate plus 2.75% or the daily rate plus 1.75%. As of December 31, 2013, we had $685.3
million of term loan facilities principal outstanding (including $471.9 million of tranche A term loan facility and $213.4 million of tranche B term loan facility), which are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of
December 31, 2012, we had $1.6 billion of term loan facilities principal outstanding under our previous credit agreement (including $271.2 million, $275.2 million, $293.3 million, $394.0 million and $394.0 million, respectively, of tranche A,
tranche A-1, tranche B, tranche C and tranche D term loan facilities principal outstanding), which are also included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
     The Credit Agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by
us and substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our Credit Agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our U.S. subsidiaries and 65.0% of the capital stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries.
Also, the Credit Agreement requires us to pay a fee based on the total amount of the revolving credit facility commitment.      
 On March 14, 2013, CBRE issued $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.00% senior notes due March 15, 2023. The 5.00%
senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its current and future secured indebtedness. The 5.00% senior notes are jointly and severally
guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each subsidiary of CBRE that guarantees our Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 5.00% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15, beginning on
September 15, 2013. The 5.00% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, on or after March 15, 2018 at a redemption price of 102.5% of the principal amount on that date and at declining prices thereafter. At any time
prior to March 15, 2016, we may redeem up to 35.0% of the original principal amount of the 5.00% senior notes using the net cash proceeds from certain public offerings. In addition, at any time prior to March 15, 2018, the 5.00% senior
notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption, and an applicable premium (as defined in the indenture governing
these notes), which is based on the excess of the present value of the March 15, 2018 redemption price plus all remaining interest payments through March 15, 2018, over the principal amount of the 5.00% senior notes on such redemption
date. If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing these notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 5.00% senior notes at a redemption price of 101.0% of the principal amount,
plus accrued and unpaid interest. The amount of the 5.00% senior notes included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets was $800.0 million at December 31, 2013.  
     On October 8, 2010, CBRE issued $350.0 million in
aggregate principal amount of 6.625% senior notes due October 15, 2020. The 6.625% senior notes are unsecured obligations of CBRE, senior to all of its current and future subordinated indebtedness, but effectively subordinated to all of its
current and future secured indebtedness. The 6.625% senior notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior basis by us and each  
      116
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
subsidiary of CBRE that guarantees our Credit Agreement. Interest accrues at a rate of 6.625% per year and is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 15 and October 15, having
commenced on April 15, 2011. The 6.625% senior notes are redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, on or after October 15, 2014 at a redemption price of 104.969% of the principal amount on that date and at declining prices thereafter.
At any time prior to October 15, 2014, the 6.625% senior notes may be redeemed by us, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and an applicable premium (as defined in
the indenture governing these notes), which is based on the greater of 1.00% of the principal amount of the 6.625% senior notes and the excess of the present value of the October 15, 2014 redemption price plus all remaining interest payments
through October 15, 2014, over the principal amount of the 6.625% senior notes on such redemption date. In addition, prior to October 15, 2013, up to 35.0% of the original issued amount of the 6.625% senior notes may have been redeemed at
a redemption price of 106.625% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, solely with the net cash proceeds from public equity offerings. If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing our 6.625%
senior notes) occurs, we are obligated to make an offer to purchase the then outstanding 6.625% senior notes at a redemption price of 101.0% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The amount of the 6.625% senior notes
included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets was $350.0 million at both December 31, 2013 and 2012.      
 Our Credit Agreement and the indentures governing our 5.00% senior notes and 6.625% senior notes contain numerous restrictive covenants
that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends or make distributions to stockholders, repurchase capital stock or debt, make investments, sell assets or subsidiary stock, create or permit liens on assets,
engage in transactions with affiliates, enter into sale/leaseback transactions, issue subsidiary equity and enter into consolidations or mergers. Our Credit Agreement also currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA (as
defined in the Credit Agreement) to total interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of 4.25x. Our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was
8.97x for the year ended December 31, 2013 and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.43x as of December 31, 2013.      
 On June 18, 2009, CBRE issued $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 11.625% senior subordinated notes due June 15,
2017 for approximately $435.9 million, net of discount. The 11.625% senior subordinated notes were unsecured senior subordinated obligations of CBRE and were jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by us and our domestic
subsidiaries that guarantee our Credit Agreement. Interest accrued at a rate of 11.625% per year and was payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15. As permitted by the indenture governing these notes, on
June 15, 2013, we redeemed all of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes. In connection with this early redemption, we paid a premium of $26.2 million and wrote off $16.1 million of unamortized deferred financing costs and unamortized
discount. The amount of the 11.625% senior subordinated notes included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, net of unamortized discount, was $440.5 million at December 31, 2012.  
     We had short-term borrowings of $517.1 million and $1.1
billion as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, with related weighted average interest rates of 1.9% and 2.4%, respectively, which are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  
     On March 2, 2007, we entered into a $50.0 million credit
note with Wells Fargo Bank for the purpose of purchasing eligible investments, which include cash equivalents, agency securities, A1/P1 commercial paper and eligible money market funds. The proceeds of this note are not made generally available
to us, but instead are deposited in an investment account maintained by Wells Fargo Bank and used and applied solely to purchase eligible investment securities. This agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2013 provides
for a $40.0 million revolving credit note, bears interest at 0.25% and has a maturity date of April 1, 2014. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no amounts outstanding under this note.  
      117
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  On March 4, 2008, we entered into a $35.0 million credit and security agreement
with Bank of America (BofA) for the purpose of purchasing eligible financial instruments, which include A1/P1 commercial paper, U.S. Treasury securities, Government Sponsored Enterprise, or GSE, discount notes (as defined in the credit and security
agreement) and money market funds. The proceeds of this loan are not made generally available to us, but instead are deposited in an investment account maintained by BofA and used and applied solely to purchase eligible financial instruments. This
agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2013 provides for a $5.0 million credit line, bears interest at 1% and has a maturity date of February 28, 2014. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no amounts
outstanding under this agreement.        On
August 19, 2008, we entered into a $15.0 million uncommitted facility with First Tennessee Bank for the purpose of purchasing investments, which include cash equivalents, agency securities, A1/P1 commercial paper and eligible money market
funds. The proceeds of this facility are not made generally available to us, but instead are held in a collateral account maintained by First Tennessee Bank. This agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2013 provides for
a $4.0 million credit line, bears interest at 0.25% and has a maturity date of August 31, 2014. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility.  
     Our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, has the
following warehouse lines of credit: credit agreements with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JP Morgan), BofA, TD Bank, N.A. (TD Bank), and Capital One, N.A. (Capital One), for the purpose of funding mortgage loans that will be resold, and a funding
arrangement with Fannie Mae for the purpose of selling a percentage of certain closed multifamily loans.      
 On November 15, 2005, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a secured credit agreement with JP Morgan to establish a warehouse line of
credit. This agreement has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2013 provides for a $200.0 million line of credit, bears interest at the daily LIBOR plus 1.90% and has a maturity date of October 27, 2014.  
     On April 16, 2008, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a
secured credit agreement with BofA to establish a warehouse line of credit. As of December 31, 2013, the senior secured revolving line of credit provides for a $200.0 million line of credit, bears interest at the daily one-month LIBOR plus
1.60% and has a maturity date of May 28, 2014.      
 In August 2009, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a funding arrangement with Fannie Mae under its Multifamily As Soon As Pooled Plus
Agreement and its Multifamily As Soon As Pooled Sale Agreement (ASAP) Program. Under the ASAP Program, CBRE Capital Markets may elect, on a transaction by transaction basis, to sell a percentage of certain closed multifamily loans to Fannie Mae on
an expedited basis. After all contingencies are satisfied, the ASAP Program requires that CBRE Capital Markets repurchase the interest in the multifamily loan previously sold to Fannie Mae followed by either a full delivery back to Fannie Mae via
whole loan execution or a securitization into a mortgage backed security. Under this agreement, the maximum outstanding balance under the ASAP Program cannot exceed $200.0 million and, between the sale date to Fannie Mae and the repurchase date by
CBRE Capital Markets, the outstanding balance bears interest and is payable to Fannie Mae at the daily LIBOR rate plus 1.35% with a LIBOR floor of 0.35%. This arrangement is cancelable by Fannie Mae with notice.  
     On December 21, 2010, CBRE Capital Markets entered into
a secured credit agreement with TD Bank to establish a warehouse line of credit. The secured revolving line of credit has been amended several times and as of December 31, 2013 provides for a $300.0 million line of credit, bears interest at the
daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.50% with a maturity date of June 30, 2014.  
      118
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  On July 30, 2012, CBRE Capital Markets entered into a secured credit agreement with
Capital One to establish a warehouse line of credit. This agreement provides for a $200.0 million senior secured revolving line of credit and bears interest at the daily one-month LIBOR plus 1.65% with a maturity date of July 29, 2014.
       On September 21, 2012, CBRE Capital Markets
entered into a repurchase facility with JP Morgan for additional warehouse capacity pursuant to a Master Repurchase Agreement. This agreement provided for a $200.0 million warehouse facility, bore interest at the daily one-month LIBOR plus 2.25% and
expired on January 16, 2014.        During the year
ended December 31, 2013, we had a maximum of $1.1 billion of warehouse lines of credit principal outstanding. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had $374.6 million and $1.0 billion of warehouse lines of credit principal outstanding,
respectively, which are included in short-term borrowings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Non-cash activity totaling $651.8 million decreased the warehouse lines of credit during the year ended December 31, 2013, and $313.0
million and $234.6 million increased the warehouse lines of credit during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Additionally, we had $381.5 million and $1.0 billion of mortgage loans held for sale (warehouse receivables),
which substantially represented mortgage loans funded through the lines of credit that, while committed to be purchased, had not yet been purchased as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and which are also included in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. Non-cash activity totaling $646.7 million decreased the warehouse receivables during the year ended December 31, 2013, and $313.0 million and $234.6 million increased the warehouse receivables during the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.        A
significant number of our subsidiaries in Europe have had a Euro cash pool loan since 2001, which is used to fund their short-term liquidity needs. The Euro cash pool loan is an overdraft line for our European operations issued by HSBC Bank. The
Euro cash pool loan has no stated maturity date and bears interest at varying rates based on LIBOR plus 2.0%. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no amounts outstanding under this facility.  
   
  14. Commitments and Contingencies  
      We are a party to a number of pending or
threatened lawsuits arising out of, or incident to, our ordinary course of business. Our management believes that any losses in excess of the amounts accrued arising from such lawsuits are remote, but that litigation is inherently uncertain and
there is the potential for a material adverse effect on our financial statements if one or more matters are resolved in a particular period in an amount in excess of that anticipated by management.  
     Our leases generally relate to office space that we occupy,
have varying terms and expire through 2030. The following is a schedule by year of future minimum lease payments for noncancellable operating leases as of December 31, 2013 (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Operating leases 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 188,435 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 167,892 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 150,095 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 133,477 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 111,165 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 403,769 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total minimum payment required 
    
 $ 
 1,154,833 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      119
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Total minimum payments for noncancellable operating leases were not reduced by the
minimum sublease rental income of $11.0 million due in the future under noncancellable subleases.        Substantially all leases require us to pay maintenance costs, insurance and property taxes. The composition of total rental expense under noncancellable operating leases consisted of the following
(dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Minimum rentals 
    
 $ 
 209,307 
    
   
 $ 
 210,981 
    
   
 $ 
 209,333 
    
 
   Less sublease rentals 
    
   
 (2,457 
 )  
   
   
 (218 
 )  
   
   
 (187 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 206,850 
    
   
 $ 
 210,763 
    
   
 $ 
 209,146 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       We had outstanding letters of
credit totaling $11.1 million as of December 31, 2013, excluding letters of credit for which we have outstanding liabilities already accrued on our consolidated balance sheet related to our subsidiaries’ outstanding reserves for claims
under certain insurance programs as well as letters of credit related to operating leases. These letters of credit are primarily executed by us in the ordinary course of business and expire at varying dates through December 2014.  
     We had guarantees totaling $14.3 million as of
December 31, 2013, excluding guarantees related to pension liabilities, consolidated indebtedness and other obligations for which we have outstanding liabilities already accrued on our consolidated balance sheet, and operating leases. The $14.3
million partly consists of guarantees related to our defined benefit pension plans in the U.K. (in excess of our outstanding pension liability of $68.0 million as of December 31, 2013), which are continuous guarantees that will not expire
until all amounts have been paid out for our pension liabilities. The remainder of the guarantees mainly represents guarantees of obligations of unconsolidated subsidiaries, which expire at varying dates through June 2017, as well as various
guarantees of management contracts in our operations overseas, which expire at the end of each of the respective agreements.      
 In addition, as of December 31, 2013, we had numerous completion and budget guarantees relating to development projects. These
guarantees are made by us in the ordinary course of our Development Services business. Each of these guarantees requires us to complete construction of the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us
potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. However, we generally have “guaranteed maximum price” contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these
guarantees. These contracts are intended to pass the risk to such contractors. While there can be no assurance, we do not expect to incur any material losses under these guarantees.        In January 2008, CBRE Multifamily Capital, Inc. (CBRE MCI), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CBRE Capital Markets,
Inc., entered into an agreement with Fannie Mae, under Fannie Mae’s DUS Lender Program (DUS Program), to provide financing for multifamily housing with five or more units. Under the DUS Program, CBRE MCI originates, underwrites, closes and
services loans without prior approval by Fannie Mae, and in selected cases, is subject to sharing up to one-third of any losses on loans originated under the DUS Program. CBRE MCI has funded loans subject to such loss sharing arrangements with
unpaid principal balances of $7.8 billion at December 31, 2013. Additionally, CBRE MCI has funded loans under the DUS Program that are not subject to loss sharing arrangements with unpaid principal balances of approximately $369.0
million at December 31, 2013. CBRE MCI, under its agreement with Fannie Mae, must post cash reserves under formulas established by Fannie Mae to provide for sufficient capital in the event losses occur. As of December 31, 2013
 
      120
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
and 2012, CBRE MCI had $16.6 million and $9.1 million, respectively, of cash deposited under this reserve arrangement, and had provided approximately $13.8 million and $10.6 million,
respectively, of loan loss accruals. Fannie Mae’s recourse under the DUS Program is limited to the assets of CBRE MCI, which totaled approximately $367.4 million (including $226.4 million of warehouse receivables, a substantial majority of
which are pledged against warehouse lines of credit and are therefore not available to Fannie Mae) at December 31, 2013.      
 An important part of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves investing our capital in certain real estate
investments with our clients. These co-investments typically range from 2.0% to 5.0% of the equity in a particular fund. As of December 31, 2013, we had aggregate commitments of $9.4 million to fund future co-investments.  
     Additionally, an important part of our Development Services
business strategy is to invest in unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries as a principal (in most cases co-investing with our clients). As of December 31, 2013, we had committed to fund $25.0 million of additional capital to these
unconsolidated subsidiaries.      

 
 
 15. 
 Employee Benefit Plans   
      Stock Incentive Plans   
       Second Amended and Restated 2004 Stock
Incentive Plan.  Our 2004 stock incentive plan was adopted by our board of directors and approved by our stockholders on April 21, 2004, and was amended several times subsequently, including an amendment and restatement on June 2,
2008 and an amendment on December 3, 2008. However, our 2004 stock incentive plan was terminated in May 2012 in connection with the adoption of our 2012 equity incentive plan, which is described below. At termination, all unissued shares
from the 2004 stock incentive plan were allocated to the 2012 equity incentive plan for potential future issuance. The 2004 stock incentive plan authorized the grant of stock-based awards to our employees, directors or independent
contractors. A total of 20,785,218 shares of our Class A common stock initially were reserved for issuance under the 2004 stock incentive plan, which increased by 10,000,000 shares to a total of 30,785,218 shares in connection with the
June 2, 2008 amendment and restatement. For awards granted prior to June 2, 2008 under this plan, this share reserve was reduced by one share upon grant of an option or stock appreciation right, and was reduced by 2.25 shares upon
issuance of stock pursuant to other stock-based awards. For awards granted on or after June 2, 2008 under this plan, this share reserve was reduced by one share upon grant of all awards. In addition, full value awards, i.e., awards
other than stock options and stock appreciation rights, were limited to no more than 75% of the total share reserve. No person was eligible to be granted awards in the aggregate covering more than 2,000,000 shares during any fiscal
year. The number of shares issued or reserved pursuant to the 2004 stock incentive plan, or pursuant to outstanding awards, was subject to adjustment on account of mergers, consolidations, reorganizations, stock splits, stock dividends and
other dilutive changes in our common stock. In addition, our board of directors could adjust outstanding awards to preserve the awards’ benefits or potential benefits. Since our 2004 stock incentive plan has been terminated, no new awards
may be granted under it. However, as of December 31, 2013, outstanding stock options granted under the 2004 stock incentive plan to acquire 1,148,749 shares of our Class A common stock remain outstanding according to their terms, and we
will continue to issue shares to the extent required under the terms of such outstanding awards. Shares underlying awards that expire, terminate or lapse under the 2004 stock incentive plan will become available for grant under the 2012 equity
incentive plan.       2012 Equity Incentive
Plan.  Our 2012 equity incentive plan was adopted by our board of directors and approved by our stockholders on May 8, 2012. The 2012 equity incentive plan authorizes the grant of stock-based awards to our employees, directors or
independent contractors. Unless terminated earlier, the 2012 equity incentive plan will terminate on February 13, 2022. A total of 16,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock
 
      121
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
plus 2,205,887 unissued shares that remained under the 2004 stock incentive plan were reserved for issuance under the 2012 equity incentive plan. Additionally, shares underlying awards that
expire, terminate or lapse under the 2012 equity incentive plan or under the 2004 stock incentive plan will become available for issuance under the 2012 equity incentive plan. No person is eligible to be granted performance-based awards in the
aggregate covering more than 3,300,000 shares during any fiscal year or cash awards in excess of $5,000,000 for any fiscal year. The number of shares issued or reserved pursuant to the 2012 equity incentive plan, or pursuant to outstanding
awards, is subject to adjustment on account of a stock split of our outstanding shares, stock dividend, dividend payable in a form other than shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of the shares, consolidation, combination or
reclassification of the shares, recapitalization, spin-off, or other similar occurrence. Stock options and stock appreciation rights granted under the 2012 equity incentive plan are subject to a maximum term of ten years from the date of grant.
Restricted share and restricted stock unit awards that have only time-based service vesting conditions are generally subject to a minimum three year vesting schedule. Restricted share and restricted stock unit awards that have performance-based
vesting conditions are generally subject to a minimum one year vesting schedule. As of December 31, 2013, 14,717,951 shares remained available for future grants under this plan.        Stock Options      
 As of December 31, 2013, no shares were subject to options issued under our 2012 equity incentive plan. No options were granted
during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. Options granted under the 2004 stock incentive plan during the year ended December 31, 2011 have an exercise price of $26.50, all of which vest and are exercisable in equal quarterly
increments over three years from the date of grant. All options that have been granted under the 2004 stock incentive plan have a term of five or seven years from the date of grant.        A summary of the status of our outstanding stock options is presented in the tables below:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   


 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2010 
    
   
 6,636,480 
    
   
 $ 
 7.55 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,822,373 
 )  
   
   
 3.92 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 16,974 
    
   
   
 26.50 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (18,853 
 )  
   
   
 13.29 
    
 
   Expired 
    
   
 (19,819 
 )  
   
   
 14.50 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2011 
    
   
 4,792,409 
    
   
 $ 
 8.95 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,930,092 
 )  
   
   
 10.31 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (33,381 
 )  
   
   
 10.73 
    
 
   Expired 
    
   
 (17,997 
 )  
   
   
 14.36 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 2,810,939 
    
   
 $ 
 7.93 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,620,515 
 )  
   
   
 3.45 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (2,009 
 )  
   
   
 13.85 
    
 
   Expired 
    
   
 (39,666 
 )  
   
   
 23.08 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 1,148,749 
    
   
 $ 
 13.60 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2013 (1) 
    
   
 1,148,604 
    
   
 $ 
 13.60 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 1,146,229 
    
   
 $ 
 13.57 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The expected to vest options are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumption to total outstanding options.  
      122
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  We estimate the fair value of our options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model, which takes into account assumptions such as the dividend yield, the risk-free interest rate, the expected stock price volatility and the expected life of the options.        The total estimated grant date fair value of stock options that vested during the year ended December 31,
2013 was $0.7 million. The weighted average fair value of options granted by us was $13.49 for the year ended December 31, 2011. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model,
utilizing the following weighted average assumptions for the year ended December 31, 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 0 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.65 
 %  
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 61.99 
 %  
 
   Expected life 
    
   
 5 years 
    
       The dividend yield assumption
is excluded from the calculation, as it is our present intention to retain all earnings. The expected volatility is based on a combination of our historical stock price and implied volatility. The selection of implied volatility data to estimate
expected volatility is based upon the availability of actively traded options on our stock. The risk-free interest rate is based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of
the options. The expected life of our stock options represents the estimated period of time until exercise and is based on historical experience of similar options, giving consideration to the contractual terms, vesting schedules and expectations of
future employee behavior.        Option valuation models
require the input of subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility and expected life. Because our employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and because changes in the
subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, we do not believe that the Black-Scholes model necessarily provides a reliable single measure of the fair value of our employee stock options.  
     Options outstanding at December 31, 2013 and their
related weighted average exercise price, intrinsic value and life information is presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Outstanding Options 
   
    
 Exercisable Options 
   
 
   Exercise Prices 
    
 Number Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
   
    
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
   
    
 Number Exercisable 
   
    
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
   


 
   $6.33 – $8.44 
    
   
 73,445 
    
    
   
 2.5 
    
    
 $ 
 8.29 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 73,445 
    
    
 $ 
 8.29 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   $11.10 – $16.48 
    
   
 1,007,974 
    
    
   
 1.9 
    
    
   
 13.08 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,007,974 
    
    
   
 13.08 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   $22.00 – $26.50 
    
   
 30,992 
    
    
   
 2.9 
    
    
   
 24.19 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 28,472 
    
    
   
 23.99 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   $27.19 – $37.43 
    
   
 36,338 
    
    
   
 0.6 
    
    
   
 29.83 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 36,338 
    
    
   
 29.83 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 1,148,749 
    
    
   
 1.9 
    
    
 $ 
 13.60 
    
    
 $ 
 14,723,073 
    
    
   
 1,146,229 
    
    
 $ 
 13.57 
    
    
 $ 
 14,723,073 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       At December 31, 2013,
the aggregate intrinsic value and weighted average remaining contractual life for options vested and expected to vest were $14.7 million and 1.9 years, respectively. Total compensation expense related to stock options was $0.4 million, $2.3 million
and $3.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
      123
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $31.9 million, $16.4 million and $39.9 million, respectively. We recorded cash received from stock option exercises of $5.8 million, $20.3 million and $7.1 million and related tax benefit of $9.9 million,
$2.9 million and $14.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Upon option exercise, we issue new shares of stock. Excess tax benefits exist when the tax deduction resulting from the exercise of options
exceeds the compensation cost recorded.      
 Non-Vested Stock Awards      
 We have issued non-vested stock awards, including restricted stock units and restricted shares, in our Class A common stock to
certain of our employees, independent contractors and members of our board of directors. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we granted 2,596,830 non-vested stock units. These include (1) 1,613,906 non-vested stock units, which
primarily vest and are generally exercisable in equal annual increments over four years from the date of grant, (2) 329,100 performance-based non-vested stock units subject to the Company satisfying an adjusted EBITDA threshold, and thereupon
vesting and becoming exercisable in equal annual increments over four years from the date of grant, and (3) a target award amount of 653,824 performance-based non-vested stock units subject to the Company satisfying an adjusted earnings per
share (EPS) threshold, and thereupon cliff vesting and becoming exercisable on the third anniversary of the date of grant. In respect to the adjusted EPS performance-based stock units, the award amount was granted as a target number of non-vested
stock units, with the actual number of shares to be later issued (if they vest) determined by measuring the extent by which actual adjusted EPS at the end of the performance period exceeds specified adjusted EPS performance levels. The actual number
of shares that a grant recipient will receive may range from 0% to 200% of the target number depending on adjusted EPS performance. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we granted 2,353,487 non-vested stock units, which primarily vest and
are generally exercisable in equal annual increments over four years from the date of grant. We granted 644,635 non-vested stock units during the year ended December 31, 2011, which primarily vest in 2016. During the year ended
December 31, 2013, we granted 72,580 restricted shares, which cliff vest in 2018 and are generally subject to the grantee not terminating employment under certain circumstances prior to this date. No restricted shares were granted during the
year ended December 31, 2012. During the year ended December 31, 2011, we granted 2,803,221 restricted shares, which primarily vest and are generally exercisable in equal annual increments over four years from the date of grant. A summary
of the status of our non-vested stock awards is presented in the table below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares / Units 
   
   
 Weighted Average Market Value
Per Share 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2010 
    
   
 9,268,908 
    
   
 $ 
 14.40 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 3,447,856 
    
   
   
 15.95 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (2,541,370 
 )  
   
   
 13.47 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (289,187 
 )  
   
   
 14.05 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
    
   
 9,886,207 
    
   
 $ 
 15.18 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 2,353,487 
    
   
   
 20.31 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (3,677,691 
 )  
   
   
 13.18 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (588,514 
 )  
   
   
 14.55 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 7,973,489 
    
   
 $ 
 17.65 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 2,669,410 
    
   
   
 22.94 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (2,923,485 
 )  
   
   
 14.48 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (177,905 
 )  
   
   
 18.15 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 7,541,509 
    
   
 $ 
 20.76 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      124
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Total compensation expense related to non-vested stock awards was $48.0 million, $49.4
million and $40.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. At December 31, 2013, total unrecognized estimated compensation cost related to non-vested stock awards was approximately $113.0 million,
which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.7 years.        Bonuses.  We have bonus programs covering select employees, including senior management. Awards are based on the position and performance of the employee and the achievement of pre-established
financial, operating and strategic objectives. The amounts charged to expense for bonuses were $148.7 million, $134.5 million and $154.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
     401(k) Plan.  Our CBRE 401(k) Plan (401(k) Plan)
is a defined contribution savings plan that allows participant deferrals under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Most of our non-union U.S. employees, other than qualified real estate agents having the status of independent
contractors under section 3508 of the Internal Revenue Code, are eligible to participate in the plan. The 401(k) Plan provides for participant contributions as well as a Company match. A participant is allowed to contribute to the 401(k) Plan from
1% to 75% of his or her compensation, subject to limits imposed by applicable law. Effective January 1, 2007, all participants hired post January 1, 2007 vest in company match contributions 20% per year for each plan year they work
1,000 hours. All participants hired before January 1, 2007 are immediately vested in company match contributions. For 2011, 2012 and 2013, we contributed a 50% match on the first 3% of annual compensation (up to $150,000 of compensation)
deferred by each participant. In connection with the 401(k) Plan, we charged to expense $15.5 million, $12.9 million and $10.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
     Participants are entitled to invest up to 25% of their 401(k)
account balance in shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2013, approximately 1.3 million shares of our common stock were held as investments by participants in our 401(k) Plan.  
     Pension Plans.  We have two contributory defined
benefit pension plans in the U.K. The London-based firm of Hillier Parker May & Rowden, which we acquired in 1998, had a contributory defined benefit pension plan. A subsidiary of Insignia, which we acquired in connection with the Insignia
Acquisition in 2003, also had a contributory defined benefit pension plan in the U.K. Our subsidiaries based in the U.K. maintain the plans to provide retirement benefits to existing and former employees participating in these plans. With respect to
these plans, our historical policy has been to contribute annually an amount to fund pension cost as actuarially determined and as required by applicable laws and regulations. Effective July 1, 2007, we reached agreements with the active
members of these plans to freeze future pension plan benefits. In return, the active members became eligible to enroll in a defined contribution plan.  
      125
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the benefit obligation, plan assets,
plan’s funded status and amounts recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets for both of our defined benefit pension plans (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Change in benefit obligation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Benefit obligation at beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 352,242 
    
   
 $ 
 316,165 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 15,414 
    
   
   
 15,513 
    
 
   Actuarial loss 
    
   
 31,420 
    
   
   
 14,447 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (8,374 
 )  
   
   
 (8,768 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation 
    
   
 9,513 
    
   
   
 14,885 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Benefit obligation at end of period 
    
 $ 
 400,215 
    
   
 $ 
 352,242 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in plan assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan asset at beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 288,714 
    
   
 $ 
 255,305 
    
 
   Actuarial return on plan assets 
    
   
 38,328 
    
   
   
 24,175 
    
 
   Company contributions 
    
   
 5,508 
    
   
   
 5,886 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (8,374 
 )  
   
   
 (8,768 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation 
    
   
 8,027 
    
   
   
 12,116 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of period 
    
 $ 
 332,203 
    
   
 $ 
 288,714 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Funded status 
    
 $ 
 (68,012 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (63,528 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Non-current liabilities 
    
 $ 
 (68,012 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (63,528 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       The accumulated benefit
obligation for our defined benefit pension plans was $400.2 million and $352.2 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.      
 Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost were as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
      2013      
   
    
      2012      
   


 
   Unamortized actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 103,968 
    
    
 $ 
 96,921 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
 $ 
 103,968 
    
    
 $ 
 96,921 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       The estimated net actuarial
loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic pension cost in 2014 is $2.6 million.  
      126
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Components of net periodic pension cost and other amounts recognized in other
comprehensive loss consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net Periodic Cost 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest cost 
    
 $ 
 15,414 
    
   
 $ 
 15,513 
    
   
 $ 
 16,556 
    
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 (16,095 
 )  
   
   
 (14,563 
 )  
   
   
 (17,238 
 )  
 
   Amortization of unrecognized net loss 
    
   
 2,455 
    
   
   
 2,344 
    
   
   
 1,358 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic pension cost 
    
 $ 
 1,774 
    
   
 $ 
 3,294 
    
   
 $ 
 676 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 7,047 
    
   
 $ 
 2,079 
    
   
 $ 
 25,726 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total recognized in other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 7,047 
    
   
   
 2,079 
    
   
   
 25,726 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total recognized in net periodic cost and other comprehensive loss 
    
 $ 
 8,821 
    
   
 $ 
 5,373 
    
   
 $ 
 26,402 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Weighted average assumptions
used to determine our projected benefit obligation were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.47 
 %  
   
   
 4.60 
 %  
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 7.05 
 %  
   
   
 5.91 
 %  
       Weighted average assumptions
used to determine our net periodic pension cost were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.44 
 %  
   
   
 4.60 
 %  
   
   
 4.88 
 %  
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 6.65 
 %  
   
   
 5.91 
 %  
   
   
 6.00 
 %  
       We select a discount rate by
reference to yields available at our balance sheet date on U.K. AA-rated corporate bonds. The corporate bond yield curve is derived by taking a government bond yield curve, based on Bank of England data and adding an amount to reflect the yield
spread on AA-rated bonds over government bonds. This discount rate selected is the weighted average of the yields on the resulting bond yield curve, where the weighting is based on the expected cash flow from the weighted average duration of the
pension plans.        We review historical rates of
return for equity and fixed income securities, as well as current economic conditions, to determine the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The assumed rate of return for 2013 is based on 57.2% of the portfolio being invested in
equities yielding a 7.6% return, 28.1% of the portfolio being invested in an absolute return strategy fund yielding a 7.1% return and 7.0% of assets being primarily invested in corporate and government debt securities yielding a 4.7% return.
Consideration is given to diversification and periodic rebalancing of the portfolio based on prevailing market conditions.  
      127
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Our pension plan weighted average asset allocations by asset category were as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Target 
Allocation 2013 
    
 Plan Assets at
December 31, 
   
 
   Asset Category 
    
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Equity securities 
    
 54.8% 
    
   
 57.2 
 %  
   
   
 66.7 
 %  
 
   Absolute return strategy fund 
    
 28.3% 
    
   
 28.1 
 %  
   
   
 — 
 %  
 
   Debt securities 
    
 7.7% 
    
   
 7.0 
 %  
   
   
 22.7 
 %  
 
   Other 
    
 9.2% 
    
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.6 
 %  
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Our pension trust assets are
invested with a long-term focus to achieve a return on investment that is based on levels of liquidity and investment risk that the trustees, in consultation with management believe are prudent and reasonable. The investment portfolio contains a
diversified blend of equity and fixed income and index linked investments consisting primarily of government debt. The equity investments are diversified across U.K. and non-U.K. equities, as well as value, growth, and medium and large
capitalizations. The portfolio’s asset mix is reviewed regularly, and the portfolio is rebalanced based on existing market conditions. Investment risk is measured and monitored on a regular basis through quarterly portfolio reviews, annual
liability measurements and periodic asset/liability analyses.        The fair value of our pension assets are comprised of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Measured and Recorded Using: 
   
 
 As of December 31, 2013 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 
   


 
   Asset Category 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 6,385 
    
    
 $ 
 6,385 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Equity securities (a) 
    
   
 189,852 
    
    
   
 29,153 
    
    
   
 160,699 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Fixed income securities (a) 
    
   
 23,273 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 23,273 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Absolute return strategy fund (b) 
    
   
 93,343 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 93,343 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other (c) 
    
   
 19,350 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 16,256 
    
    
   
 3,094 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 332,203 
    
    
 $ 
 35,538 
    
    
 $ 
 293,571 
    
    
 $ 
 3,094 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   As of December 31, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Asset Category 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 1,864 
    
    
 $ 
 1,864 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Equity securities (a) 
    
   
 192,555 
    
    
   
 23,253 
    
    
   
 169,302 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Fixed income securities (a) 
    
   
 65,414 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 65,414 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other (c) 
    
   
 28,881 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 18,631 
    
    
   
 10,250 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 288,714 
    
    
 $ 
 25,117 
    
    
 $ 
 253,347 
    
    
 $ 
 10,250 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The assets in this category represent investments in foreign equity and bond funds. Generally, these assets are valued using bid-market valuations provided by the
funds’ investment managers.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The assets in this category represent investments in an absolute return strategies fund. Generally, these assets are valued at the net asset value as
determined by the custodian of the fund. The net asset value is based on the underlying investments, which are valued using inputs such as quoted market prices of  
      128
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

 
 
   
   
identical instruments, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals, and market-based comparable data. As such, the assets in this category have been categorized as Level 2 in the fair
value hierarchy.  
 
 
 (c) 
 The assets in this category include investments in a liability driven investment fund and investments in commercial real estate. The liability driven investment fund is
a single priced fund and the fair value of the underlying assets are priced by the fund’s custodian based on observable market data and therefore categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The investments in commercial real estate
represent a property unit trust that invests in commercial real estate properties in the U.K. The fair values for these investments are based on inputs obtained from broker quotes that are indicative of value and cannot be corroborated by observable
market data and therefore are categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.        A summary of our pension assets measured and recorded using significant unobservable inputs is as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Real Estate Funds 
   


 
   Ending balance at December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 10,801 
    
 
   Actuarial loss on plan assets 
    
   
 (997 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation 
    
   
 446 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance at December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 10,250 
    
 
   Actuarial return on plan assets 
    
   
 268 
    
 
   Actuarial loss on plan assets sold 
    
   
 (105 
 )  
 
   Sales 
    
   
 (7,381 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation 
    
   
 62 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 3,094 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
       There were no significant
transfers into or out of Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.        We expect to contribute $6.2 million to our pension plans in 2014. The following is a schedule by year of benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, that are expected to be
paid (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
  10,441 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 10,607 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 10,441 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 11,269 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 11,932 
    
 
   2019-2023 
    
   
 79,549 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 134,239 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
       We also have defined
contribution plans for employees in the U.K. Our contributions to these plans were approximately $10.9 million, $9.6 million and $8.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
      129
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

  16. Income Taxes  
      The components of income from continuing
operations before provision for income taxes consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Domestic 
    
 $ 
 431,024 
    
    
 $ 
 361,577 
    
    
 $ 
 252,577 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 77,961 
    
    
   
 127,901 
    
    
   
 176,961 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 508,985 
    
    
 $ 
 489,478 
    
    
 $ 
 429,538 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Our tax provision (benefit)
consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Federal: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
 $ 
 118,741 
    
   
 $ 
 132,266 
    
   
 $ 
 107,671 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 8,023 
    
   
   
 (13,341 
 )  
   
   
 3,472 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 126,764 
    
   
   
 118,925 
    
   
   
 111,143 
    
 
   State: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
   
 23,324 
    
   
   
 2,943 
    
   
   
 13,763 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 (14,036 
 )  
   
   
 12,355 
    
   
   
 (10,056 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 9,288 
    
   
   
 15,298 
    
   
   
 3,707 
    
 
   Foreign: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
   
 85,848 
    
   
   
 56,362 
    
   
   
 78,256 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 (34,713 
 )  
   
   
 (5,263 
 )  
   
   
 (4,003 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 51,135 
    
   
   
 51,099 
    
   
   
 74,253 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 187,187 
    
   
 $ 
 185,322 
    
   
 $ 
 189,103 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       The following is a
reconciliation stated as a percentage of pre-tax income of the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to our effective tax rate:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Federal statutory tax rate 
    
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 35 
 %  
 
   Change in valuation allowance 
    
   
 5 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   State taxes, net of federal benefit 
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Non-deductible expenses 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Credits and exemptions 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Foreign earnings repatriation 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Reserves for uncertain tax positions 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Foreign rate differential 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective tax rate 
    
   
 37 
 %  
   
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 44 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      130
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, we recorded
a $10.5 million, $5.3 million and $15.5 million income tax benefit in connection with stock options exercised. Of this income tax benefit, $9.9 million, $2.9 million and $14.9 million was charged directly to additional paid-in capital within
the equity section of the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.      
 Cumulative tax effects of temporary differences are shown below at December 31, 2013 and 2012 (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Asset (Liability) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property and equipment 
    
 $ 
 (56,203 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (31,263 
 )  
 
   Bad debt and other reserves 
    
   
 61,737 
    
   
   
 49,531 
    
 
   Capitalized costs and intangibles 
    
   
 (202,590 
 )  
   
   
 (302,079 
 )  
 
   Derivative financial instruments 
    
   
 11,508 
    
   
   
 19,142 
    
 
   Bonus 
    
   
 164,538 
    
   
   
 165,545 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 6,269 
    
   
   
 5,750 
    
 
   NOL and state tax credits 
    
   
 45,195 
    
   
   
 41,902 
    
 
   Foreign tax credits 
    
   
 55,064 
    
   
   
 84,926 
    
 
   Unconsolidated affiliates 
    
   
 30,748 
    
   
   
 44,841 
    
 
   Pension obligation 
    
   
 16,062 
    
   
   
 17,491 
    
 
   All other 
    
   
 (5,983 
 )  
   
   
 (5,833 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
    
   
 126,345 
    
   
   
 89,953 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (98,589 
 )  
   
   
 (76,169 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 27,756 
    
   
 $ 
 13,784 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       As of December 31, 2013,
we had U.S. federal net operating losses (NOLs) of approximately $15.4 million, translating to a deferred tax asset before valuation allowance of $5.4 million, which will begin to expire in 2023. As of December 31, 2013, there were also
deferred tax assets before valuation allowances of approximately $3.2 million related to state NOLs as well as $36.4 million related to foreign NOLs. The state and foreign NOLs both begin to expire in 2014. The utilization of NOLs may be
subject to certain limitations under U.S. federal, state and foreign laws.        In addition, as of December 31, 2013, we had $55.1 million of foreign income tax credits that can be utilized to offset U.S. federal income taxes on foreign-sourced earnings. These credits will begin
to expire in 2023.        Management determined that as
of December 31, 2013, $98.6 million of deferred tax assets do not satisfy the recognition criteria set forth in Topic 740. Accordingly, a valuation allowance has been recorded for this amount. If released, the entire amount would result in a
benefit to continuing operations. During the year ended December 31, 2013, our valuation allowance increased by approximately $22.4 million. This was primarily the result of the establishment of valuation allowances of $10.2 million related to
U.S. foreign tax credits, $8.7 million related to non-U.S. net operating losses and other assets, $4.7 million related to U.S. net operating losses and other U.S. assets and $0.7 million related to foreign net operating loss adjustments. These
increases were partially offset by the utilization of $1.1 million of U.S. net operating losses and other U.S. assets and $0.8 million of non-U.S. net operating losses and other foreign assets. Management believes it is more likely than not that
future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets recorded net of these valuation allowances.  
      131
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Based on $58.0 million repatriated in 2012, and an estimated $133.0 million to be
repatriated in 2013 to the U.S., a $28.8 million tax benefit was recorded in 2012. During 2013, we actually repatriated $196.2 million. Additional tax benefit of $14.5 million was recorded in 2013. We have not recorded a deferred tax liability for
$1.1 billion of remaining undistributed earnings of subsidiaries located outside of the U.S. Although tax liabilities might result from the payment of dividends out of such earnings, or as a result of a sale or liquidation of non-U.S. subsidiaries,
these earnings are permanently reinvested outside of the U.S. and we do not have any plans to repatriate these earnings or to sell or liquidate any of these non-U.S. subsidiaries. To the extent that we are able to repatriate the unremitted earnings
in a tax efficient manner, or in the event of a change in our capital situation or investment strategy in which such funds become needed for funding our U.S. operations, we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds,
net of foreign tax credits. The determination of the tax liability upon repatriation is not practicable. Cash and cash equivalents owned by non-U.S. subsidiaries totaled $325.0 million at December 31, 2013.  
     The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was
approximately $95.7 million and $95.6 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would affect our effective tax rate, if recognized, is $50.8 million ($48.8 million, net of federal
benefit received from state positions) and $51.5 million ($49.4 million, net of federal benefit received from state positions) as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
     A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 is as follows (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
      2013      
   
   
      2012      
   


 
   Beginning balance, unrecognized tax benefits 
    
 $ 
 (95,575 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (91,710 
 )  
 
   Gross increases—tax positions in prior period 
    
   
 (3,784 
 )  
   
   
 (3,092 
 )  
 
   Gross decreases—tax positions in prior period 
    
   
 6,198 
    
   
   
 5,306 
    
 
   Gross increases—current-period tax positions 
    
   
 (4,465 
 )  
   
   
 (5,432 
 )  
 
   Decreases relating to settlements 
    
   
 643 
    
   
   
 35 
    
 
   Reductions as a result of lapse of statute of limitations 
    
   
 1,040 
    
   
   
 189 
    
 
   Foreign exchange movement 
    
   
 279 
    
   
   
 (871 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance, unrecognized tax benefits 
    
 $ 
 (95,664 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (95,575 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       We believe it is reasonably
possible that between $58.2 million and $81.8 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits will be settled during the next twelve months due to filing amended returns and the conclusion of an advanced pricing agreement.  
     Our continuing practice is to recognize potential accrued
interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters within income tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we accrued an additional $2.6 million, $3.3 million and $3.4 million, respectively, in interest
associated with uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we have recognized a liability for interest and penalties of $33.0 million ($25.9 million, net of related federal benefit received from interest expense) and $30.4
million ($24.1 million, net of related federal benefit received from interest expense), respectively.      
 We conduct business globally and, as a result, one or more of our subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
and multiple state, local and foreign jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal Internal Revenue Service audits for years prior to 2005. With limited exception, our significant state and foreign tax jurisdictions are no longer subject
to audit by the various tax authorities for tax years prior to 2007.  
      132
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

  17. Stockholders’ Equity  
      Our board of directors is authorized,
subject to any limitations imposed by law, without the approval of our stockholders, to issue a total of 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, with each such series having rights and preferences including voting rights,
dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, as our board of directors may determine.      
 Grant recipients under our various equity compensation plans may elect for us to repurchase shares awarded to them to satisfy minimum
statutory federal, state and local tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of their equity awards. During the year ended December 31, 2013, 601,917 shares with an average price paid per share of $22.00 were repurchased relating
thereto.      
  18. Earnings Per Share Information  
      The following is a calculation of
earnings per share (dollars in thousands, except share data):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Computation of basic income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
 $ 
 315,555 
    
    
 $ 
 239,162 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 328,110,004 
    
    
   
 322,315,576 
    
    
   
 318,454,191 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Basic income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 $ 
 0.96 
    
    
 $ 
 0.98 
    
    
 $ 
 0.75 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   Computation of diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
 $ 
 315,555 
    
    
 $ 
 239,162 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic income per share 
    
   
 328,110,004 
    
    
   
 322,315,576 
    
    
   
 318,454,191 
    
 
   Dilutive effect of contingently issuable shares 
    
   
 2,942,919 
    
    
   
 3,082,173 
    
    
   
 3,160,702 
    
 
   Dilutive effect of stock options 
    
   
 709,931 
    
    
   
 1,646,396 
    
    
   
 2,108,862 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted income per share 
    
   
 331,762,854 
    
    
   
 327,044,145 
    
    
   
 323,723,755 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted income per share attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. shareholders 
    
 $ 
 0.95 
    
    
 $ 
 0.97 
    
    
 $ 
 0.74 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       For the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, 72,580, 2,210,383 and 11,880, respectively, contingently issuable shares and options to purchase 51,426, 103,423 and 55,587 shares, respectively, of common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect.  
      133
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

  19. Fiduciary Funds  
      The accompanying consolidated balance
sheets do not include the net assets of escrow, agency and fiduciary funds, which are held by us on behalf of clients and which amounted to $2.1 billion and $1.9 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
   
  20. Discontinued Operations  
      In the ordinary course of business, we
dispose of real estate assets, or hold real estate assets for sale, that may be considered components of an entity in accordance with Topic 360. If we do not have, or expect to have, significant continuing involvement with the operation of these
real estate assets after disposition, we are required to recognize operating profits or losses and gains or losses on disposition of these assets as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations in the periods in which they
occur. Real estate operations and dispositions accounted for as discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were reported in our Global Investment Management and Development Services segments and totaled the
following (dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   
   
     2011     
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 9,362 
    
    
 $ 
 5,663 
    
   
 $ 
 6,737 
    
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 5,416 
    
    
   
 2,750 
    
   
   
 5,264 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 880 
    
    
   
 1,260 
    
   
   
 1,211 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
    
   
 6,296 
    
    
   
 4,010 
    
   
   
 6,475 
    
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 28,602 
    
    
   
 1,566 
    
   
   
 56,888 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 31,668 
    
    
   
 3,219 
    
   
   
 57,150 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 3,297 
    
    
   
 1,581 
    
   
   
 3,248 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from discontinued operations, before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 28,371 
    
    
   
 1,642 
    
   
   
 53,902 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 1,374 
    
    
   
 1,011 
    
   
   
 4,012 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
    
   
 26,997 
    
    
   
 631 
    
   
   
 49,890 
    
 
   Less: Income (loss) from discontinued operations attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 24,688 
    
    
   
 (1,071 
 )  
   
   
 44,245 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from discontinued operations attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 2,309 
    
    
 $ 
 1,702 
    
   
 $ 
 5,645 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
  21. Segments  
      We report our operations through the
following segments: (1) Americas, (2) EMEA, (3) Asia Pacific, (4) Global Investment Management and (5) Development Services.      
 The Americas segment is our largest segment of operations and provides a comprehensive range of services throughout the U.S. and in the
largest regions of Canada and key markets in Latin America. The primary services offered consist of the following: real estate services, mortgage loan origination and servicing, valuation services, asset services and occupier outsourcing.
       Our EMEA and Asia Pacific segments provide
services similar to the Americas business segment. The EMEA segment has operations primarily in Europe, while the Asia Pacific segment has operations primarily in Asia, Australia and New Zealand.  
      134
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Our Global Investment Management business provides investment management services to
clients seeking to generate returns and diversification through direct and indirect investments in real estate in North America, Europe and Asia.      
 Our Development Services business consists of real estate development and investment activities primarily in the U.S.  
     Summarized financial information by segment is as follows
(dollars in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 4,504,520 
    
    
 $ 
 4,103,602 
    
   
 $ 
 3,673,681 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 1,217,109 
    
    
   
 1,031,818 
    
   
   
 1,076,568 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 872,821 
    
    
   
 817,241 
    
   
   
 788,754 
    
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 537,102 
    
    
   
 482,589 
    
   
   
 290,065 
    
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 53,242 
    
    
   
 78,849 
    
   
   
 76,343 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 7,184,794 
    
    
 $ 
 6,514,099 
    
   
 $ 
 5,905,411 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 116,564 
    
    
 $ 
 82,841 
    
   
 $ 
 62,238 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 20,496 
    
    
   
 14,198 
    
   
   
 10,945 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 12,397 
    
    
   
 11,475 
    
   
   
 9,654 
    
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 36,194 
    
    
   
 51,290 
    
   
   
 21,271 
    
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 4,739 
    
    
   
 9,841 
    
   
   
 11,611 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 190,390 
    
    
 $ 
 169,645 
    
   
 $ 
 115,719 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Equity income (loss) from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 17,434 
    
    
 $ 
 12,890 
    
   
 $ 
 15,162 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 1,188 
    
    
   
 1,205 
    
   
   
 778 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 2,757 
    
    
   
 (2,533 
 )  
   
   
 (1,044 
 )  
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 43,043 
    
    
   
 49,167 
    
   
   
 89,875 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 64,422 
    
    
 $ 
 60,729 
    
   
 $ 
 104,776 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   EBITDA 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 603,191 
    
    
 $ 
 578,649 
    
   
 $ 
 462,167 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 71,267 
    
    
   
 54,299 
    
   
   
 87,527 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 70,795 
    
    
   
 80,630 
    
   
   
 82,226 
    
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 194,609 
    
    
   
 96,359 
    
   
   
 (14,772 
 )  
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 43,021 
    
    
   
 51,684 
    
   
   
 76,113 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 982,883 
    
    
 $ 
 861,621 
    
   
 $ 
 693,261 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       EBITDA represents earnings
before net interest expense, write-off of financing costs, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. Our management believes EBITDA is useful in evaluating our operating performance compared to that of other companies in our industry because the
calculation of EBITDA generally eliminates the effects of financing and income taxes and the accounting effects of capital spending and acquisitions, which would include impairment charges of goodwill and intangibles created from acquisitions. Such
items may vary for different companies for reasons unrelated to overall operating performance. As a result,  
      135
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  
our management uses EBITDA as a measure to evaluate the operating performance of our various business segments and for other discretionary purposes, including as a significant component when
measuring our operating performance under our employee incentive programs. Additionally, we believe EBITDA is useful to investors to assist them in getting a more complete picture of our results from operations.  
     However, EBITDA is not a recognized measurement under GAAP
and when analyzing our operating performance, readers should use EBITDA in addition to, and not as an alternative for, net income as determined in accordance with GAAP. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of EBITDA
may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Furthermore, EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow for our management’s discretionary use, as it does not consider certain cash requirements such as tax
and debt service payments. The amounts shown for EBITDA also differ from the amounts calculated under similarly titled definitions in our debt instruments, which are further adjusted to reflect certain other cash and non-cash charges and are used to
determine compliance with financial covenants and our ability to engage in certain activities, such as incurring additional debt and making certain restricted payments.  
      136
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Net interest expense and write-off of financing costs have been expensed in the segment
incurred. Provision for (benefit of) income taxes has been allocated among our segments by using applicable U.S. and foreign effective tax rates. EBITDA for our segments is calculated as follows (dollars in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Americas 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 539,373 
    
   
 $ 
 267,313 
    
   
 $ 
 182,107 
    
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 116,564 
    
   
   
 82,841 
    
   
   
 62,238 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 89,241 
    
   
   
 124,633 
    
   
   
 118,916 
    
 
   Write-off of financing costs 
    
   
 56,295 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Royalty and management service income 
    
   
 (295,154 
 )  
   
   
 (32,214 
 )  
   
   
 (29,729 
 )  
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 100,883 
    
   
   
 140,634 
    
   
   
 136,803 
    
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 4,011 
    
   
   
 4,558 
    
   
   
 8,168 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 603,191 
    
   
 $ 
 578,649 
    
   
 $ 
 462,167 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EMEA 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net (loss) income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 (248,888 
 )  
   
 $ 
 9,846 
    
   
 $ 
 37,155 
    
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 20,496 
    
   
   
 14,198 
    
   
   
 10,945 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,826 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 2,552 
    
   
   
 9,152 
    
   
   
 1,633 
    
 
   Royalty and management service expense 
    
   
 267,199 
    
   
   
 12,654 
    
   
   
 14,142 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 30,400 
    
   
   
 7,170 
    
   
   
 27,253 
    
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 492 
    
   
   
 18,547 
    
   
   
 3,601 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 71,267 
    
   
 $ 
 54,299 
    
   
 $ 
 87,527 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 14,876 
    
   
 $ 
 35,040 
    
   
 $ 
 32,815 
    
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 12,397 
    
   
   
 11,475 
    
   
   
 9,654 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 2,990 
    
   
   
 4,641 
    
   
   
 3,535 
    
 
   Royalty and management service expense 
    
   
 23,184 
    
   
   
 15,388 
    
   
   
 14,666 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 19,463 
    
   
   
 14,840 
    
   
   
 22,637 
    
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 2,115 
    
   
   
 754 
    
   
   
 1,081 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA 
    
 $ 
 70,795 
    
   
 $ 
 80,630 
    
   
 $ 
 82,226 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net loss attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 (7,056 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (14,872 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (44,938 
 )  
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization (1) 
    
   
 36,670 
    
   
   
 51,557 
    
   
   
 22,424 
    
 
   Interest expense (2) 
    
   
 38,053 
    
   
   
 44,818 
    
   
   
 20,892 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
    
   
 98,129 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Royalty and management service expense 
    
   
 4,771 
    
   
   
 4,172 
    
   
   
 921 
    
 
   Provision for (benefit of) income taxes 
    
   
 24,809 
    
   
   
 11,805 
    
   
   
 (13,404 
 )  
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 767 
    
   
   
 1,121 
    
   
   
 667 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (3) 
    
 $ 
 194,609 
    
   
 $ 
 96,359 
    
   
 $ 
 (14,772 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Development Services 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 18,233 
    
   
 $ 
 18,228 
    
   
 $ 
 32,023 
    
 
   Add: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization (4) 
    
   
 5,143 
    
   
   
 10,834 
    
   
   
 11,669 
    
 
   Interest expense (5) 
    
   
 7,004 
    
   
   
 11,288 
    
   
   
 12,784 
    
 
   Provision for income taxes (6) 
    
   
 13,006 
    
   
   
 11,884 
    
   
   
 19,826 
    
 
   Less: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 365 
    
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 189 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EBITDA (7) 
    
 $ 
 43,021 
    
   
 $ 
 51,684 
    
   
 $ 
 76,113 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      137
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
    
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes depreciation and amortization related to discontinued operations of $0.5 million, $0.3 million and $1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, respectively.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes interest expense related to discontinued operations of $1.0 million, $0.2 million and $2.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $1.4 million, $0.5 million and $4.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Includes depreciation and amortization related to discontinued operations of $0.4 million, $1.0 million and $0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, respectively.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Includes interest expense related to discontinued operations of $2.3 million, $1.4 million and $0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Includes provision for income taxes related to discontinued operations of $1.3 million, $1.0 million and $4.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011, respectively.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Includes EBITDA related to discontinued operations of $6.5 million, $5.1 million and $10.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Capital expenditures 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 112,570 
    
    
 $ 
 96,785 
    
    
 $ 
 112,340 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 18,691 
    
    
   
 11,719 
    
    
   
 22,273 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 15,595 
    
    
   
 11,720 
    
    
   
 9,232 
    
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 9,364 
    
    
   
 29,811 
    
    
   
 4,017 
    
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 138 
    
    
   
 197 
    
    
   
 118 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 156,358 
    
    
 $ 
 150,232 
    
    
 $ 
 147,980 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Identifiable assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 2,895,593 
    
    
 $ 
 3,256,719 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 1,628,777 
    
    
   
 945,051 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 455,859 
    
    
   
 502,688 
    
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 1,164,139 
    
    
   
 1,530,121 
    
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 205,953 
    
    
   
 374,532 
    
 
   Corporate 
    
   
 648,093 
    
    
   
 1,200,431 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 6,998,414 
    
    
 $ 
 7,809,542 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      138
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  Identifiable assets by industry segment are those assets used in our operations in each
segment. Corporate identifiable assets include cash and cash equivalents available for general corporate use and net deferred tax assets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 21,777 
    
    
 $ 
 20,702 
    
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 414 
    
    
   
 911 
    
 
   Global Investment Management 
    
   
 99,714 
    
    
   
 131,750 
    
 
   Development Services 
    
   
 76,791 
    
    
   
 53,435 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 198,696 
    
    
 $ 
 206,798 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Geographic Information:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
 Revenue 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
    
 $ 
 4,359,277 
    
    
 $ 
 3,932,204 
    
    
 $ 
 3,492,118 
    
 
   U.K. 
    
   
 632,095 
    
    
   
 545,589 
    
    
   
 484,272 
    
 
   All other countries 
    
   
 2,193,422 
    
    
   
 2,036,306 
    
    
   
 1,929,021 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 7,184,794 
    
    
 $ 
 6,514,099 
    
    
 $ 
 5,905,411 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       The revenue shown in the
table above is allocated based upon the country in which services are performed.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   


 
   Long-lived assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. 
    
 $ 
 330,344 
    
    
 $ 
 265,123 
    
 
   U.K. 
    
   
 45,234 
    
    
   
 38,568 
    
 
   All other countries 
    
   
 83,018 
    
    
   
 75,485 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 458,596 
    
    
 $ 
 379,176 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       The long-lived assets shown
in the table above are comprised of net property and equipment.      
  22. Related Party Transactions  
      Included in prepaid expenses, other
current assets and other long-term assets, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are loans to related parties, primarily employees other than our executive officers, of $98.2 million and $66.5 million as of December 31, 2013 and
2012, respectively. The majority of these loans represent sign-on and retention bonuses issued or assumed in connection with acquisitions and prepaid commissions as well as prepaid retention and recruitment awards issued to employees. These loans
are at varying principal amounts, bear interest at rates up to 5.1% per annum and mature on various dates through 2023.  
      139
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   

  23. Guarantor and Nonguarantor Financial Statements  
      The following condensed consolidating
financial information includes:      
 (1) Condensed consolidating balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012; condensed consolidating statements of
operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; condensed consolidating statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; and condensed consolidating statements of cash flows
for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, of (a) CBRE Group, Inc. as the parent, (b) CBRE as the subsidiary issuer, (c) the guarantor subsidiaries, (d) the nonguarantor subsidiaries and (e) CBRE Group, Inc.
on a consolidated basis; and        (2)
Elimination entries necessary to consolidate CBRE Group, Inc. as the parent, with CBRE and its guarantor and nonguarantor subsidiaries.      
 Investments in consolidated subsidiaries are presented using the equity method of accounting. The principal elimination entries eliminate
investments in consolidated subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions.  
      140
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET  
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2013    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Elimination 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   Current Assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 11,585 
    
   
 $ 
 91,244 
    
   
 $ 
 389,078 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 491,912 
    
 
   Restricted cash 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,871 
    
   
   
 2,645 
    
   
   
 51,639 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 61,155 
    
 
   Receivables, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 487,514 
    
   
   
 998,975 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,486,489 
    
 
   Warehouse receivables (a) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 148,497 
    
   
   
 233,048 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 381,545 
    
 
   Trading securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
   
 58,342 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 58,442 
    
 
   Income taxes receivable 
   
   
 15,892 
    
   
   
 18,246 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 28,617 
    
   
   
 (62,755 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Prepaid expenses 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 57,592 
    
   
   
 67,559 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 125,151 
    
 
   Deferred tax assets, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 106,721 
    
   
   
 81,812 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 188,533 
    
 
   Real estate under development 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,133 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,133 
    
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 34,768 
    
   
   
 32,684 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 67,452 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Assets 
   
   
 15,897 
    
   
   
 36,702 
    
   
   
 929,081 
    
   
   
 1,960,887 
    
   
   
 (62,755 
 )  
   
   
 2,879,812 
    
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 329,215 
    
   
   
 129,381 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 458,596 
    
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,084,394 
    
   
   
 1,206,080 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,290,474 
    
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 492,357 
    
   
   
 348,871 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 841,228 
    
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 136,225 
    
   
   
 62,471 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 198,696 
    
 
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 2,388,905 
    
   
   
 2,408,755 
    
   
   
 942,873 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,740,533 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Intercompany loan receivable 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,814,112 
    
   
   
 700,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,514,112 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Real estate under development 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 822 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 822 
    
 
   Real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,503 
    
   
   
 105,496 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 106,999 
    
 
   Available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 54,108 
    
   
   
 2,692 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 56,800 
    
 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 41,724 
    
   
   
 81,176 
    
   
   
 42,087 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 164,987 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
   
 $ 
 2,404,802 
    
   
 $ 
 4,301,293 
    
   
 $ 
 4,751,754 
    
   
 $ 
 3,857,965 
    
   
 $ 
 (8,317,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,998,414 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Current Liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 18,693 
    
   
 $ 
 161,836 
    
   
 $ 
 636,990 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 817,519 
    
 
   Compensation and employee benefits payable 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 626 
    
   
   
 282,756 
    
   
   
 203,611 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 486,993 
    
 
   Accrued bonus and profit sharing 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 308,795 
    
   
   
 303,319 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 612,114 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 73,866 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (62,755 
 )  
   
   
 11,111 
    
 
   Short-term borrowings: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Warehouse lines of credit (a) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 146,703 
    
   
   
 227,894 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 374,597 
    
 
   Revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 28,772 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 113,712 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 142,484 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 28,772 
    
   
   
 146,719 
    
   
   
 341,606 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 517,097 
    
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 39,650 
    
   
   
 2,568 
    
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 42,245 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 62,017 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 62,017 
    
 
   Other current liabilities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 51,366 
    
   
   
 5,278 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 56,644 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Liabilities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 87,741 
    
   
   
 1,027,906 
    
   
   
 1,552,848 
    
   
   
 (62,755 
 )  
   
   
 2,605,740 
    
 
   Long-Term Debt: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   5.00% senior notes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 800,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 800,000 
    
 
   Senior secured term loans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 645,613 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 645,613 
    
 
   6.625% senior notes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 350,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 350,000 
    
 
   Other long-term debt 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,747 
    
   
   
 75 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,822 
    
 
   Intercompany loan payable 
   
   
 509,017 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,006,996 
    
   
   
 998,099 
    
   
   
 (2,514,112 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Long-Term Debt 
   
   
 509,017 
    
   
   
 1,795,613 
    
   
   
 1,009,743 
    
   
   
 998,174 
    
   
   
 (2,514,112 
 )  
   
   
 1,798,435 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 68,455 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 68,455 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 69,137 
    
   
   
 91,640 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 160,777 
    
 
   Non-current tax liabilities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 62,059 
    
   
   
 3,461 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 65,520 
    
 
   Pension liability 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 68,012 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 68,012 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 29,034 
    
   
   
 174,154 
    
   
   
 92,281 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 295,469 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
   
   
 509,017 
    
   
   
 1,912,388 
    
   
   
 2,342,999 
    
   
   
 2,874,871 
    
   
   
 (2,576,867 
 )  
   
   
 5,062,408 
    
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   CBRE Group, Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
   
   
 1,895,785 
    
   
   
 2,388,905 
    
   
   
 2,408,755 
    
   
   
 942,873 
    
   
   
 (5,740,533 
 )  
   
   
 1,895,785 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 40,221 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 40,221 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity 
   
   
 1,895,785 
    
   
   
 2,388,905 
    
   
   
 2,408,755 
    
   
   
 983,094 
    
   
   
 (5,740,533 
 )  
   
   
 1,936,006 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
   
 $ 
 2,404,802 
    
   
 $ 
 4,301,293 
    
   
 $ 
 4,751,754 
    
   
 $ 
 3,857,965 
    
   
 $ 
 (8,317,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6,998,414 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Although CBRE Capital Markets is included among our domestic subsidiaries that jointly and severally guarantee our 5.00% senior notes, 6.625% senior notes and our
Credit Agreement, a substantial majority of warehouse receivables funded under BofA, TD Bank, JP Morgan, Capital One, the JP Morgan Master Repurchase Agreement and Fannie Mae ASAP lines of credit are pledged to BofA, TD Bank, JP Morgan, Capital One
and Fannie Mae, and accordingly, are not included as collateral for these notes or our other outstanding debt.  
      141
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET  
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2012    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
    
 CBRE 
   
    
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
    
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
    
 Elimination 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
   Current Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 18,312 
    
    
 $ 
 680,112 
    
    
 $ 
 390,868 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,089,297 
    
 
   Restricted cash 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,863 
    
    
   
 4,155 
    
    
   
 62,658 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 73,676 
    
 
   Receivables, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 465,226 
    
    
   
 797,592 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,262,823 
    
 
   Warehouse receivables (a) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 602,425 
    
    
   
 445,915 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,048,340 
    
 
   Trading securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 113 
    
    
   
 101,218 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 101,331 
    
 
   Income taxes receivable 
    
   
 17,637 
    
    
   
 6,580 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 49,233 
    
    
   
 (55,603 
 )  
   
   
 17,847 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 47,071 
    
    
   
 54,546 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 101,617 
    
 
   Deferred tax assets, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 149,959 
    
    
   
 55,787 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 205,746 
    
 
   Real estate and other assets held for sale 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 130,499 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 130,499 
    
 
   Available for sale securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 679 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 679 
    
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 30,674 
    
    
   
 22,021 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 52,695 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Assets 
    
   
 17,642 
    
    
   
 31,760 
    
    
   
 1,980,414 
    
    
   
 2,110,337 
    
    
   
 (55,603 
 )  
   
   
 4,084,550 
    
 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 263,661 
    
    
   
 115,515 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 379,176 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,023,842 
    
    
   
 865,760 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,889,602 
    
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 463,487 
    
    
   
 323,306 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 786,793 
    
 
   Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 119,402 
    
    
   
 87,396 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 206,798 
    
 
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 1,912,207 
    
    
   
 2,529,531 
    
    
   
 1,329,992 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (5,771,730 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Intercompany loan receivable 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,521,065 
    
    
   
 700,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (2,221,065 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Real estate under development 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 799 
    
    
   
 26,517 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 27,316 
    
 
   Real estate held for investment 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,006 
    
    
   
 231,039 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 235,045 
    
 
   Available for sale securities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 53,980 
    
    
   
 3,141 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 57,121 
    
 
   Other assets, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 41,035 
    
    
   
 67,099 
    
    
   
 35,007 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 143,141 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 1,929,849 
    
    
 $ 
 4,123,391 
    
    
 $ 
 6,006,682 
    
    
 $ 
 3,798,018 
    
    
 $ 
 (8,048,398 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,809,542 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Current Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 8,956 
    
    
 $ 
 122,598 
    
    
 $ 
 450,740 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 582,294 
    
 
   Compensation and employee benefits payable 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 626 
    
    
   
 252,365 
    
    
   
 187,200 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 440,191 
    
 
   Accrued bonus and profit sharing 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 298,591 
    
    
   
 241,553 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 540,144 
    
 
   Securities sold, not yet purchased 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 54,103 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 54,103 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 55,603 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (55,603 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Short-term borrowings: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Warehouse lines of credit (a) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 588,813 
    
    
   
 437,568 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,026,381 
    
 
   Revolving credit facility 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 10,557 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 62,407 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 72,964 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 16 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total short-term borrowings 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 10,557 
    
    
   
 588,829 
    
    
   
 499,975 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,099,361 
    
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 46,000 
    
    
   
 2,439 
    
    
   
 24,717 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 73,156 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 35,212 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 35,212 
    
 
   Liabilities related to real estate and other assets held for sale 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 104,627 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 104,627 
    
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 40,989 
    
    
   
 2,216 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 43,205 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Liabilities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 66,139 
    
    
   
 1,361,414 
    
    
   
 1,600,343 
    
    
   
 (55,603 
 )  
   
   
 2,972,293 
    
 
   Long-Term Debt: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Senior secured term loans 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,306,500 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 250,569 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,557,069 
    
 
   11.625% senior subordinated notes, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 440,523 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 440,523 
    
 
   6.625% senior notes 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 350,000 
    
 
   Other long-term debt 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6,752 
    
    
   
 105 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,857 
    
 
   Intercompany loan payable 
    
   
 390,638 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,779,055 
    
    
   
 51,372 
    
    
   
 (2,221,065 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Long-Term Debt 
    
   
 390,638 
    
    
   
 2,097,023 
    
    
   
 1,785,807 
    
    
   
 302,046 
    
    
   
 (2,221,065 
 )  
   
   
 2,354,449 
    
 
   Notes payable on real estate 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 189,258 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 189,258 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 119,896 
    
    
   
 72,066 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 191,962 
    
 
   Non-current tax liabilities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 77,451 
    
    
   
 4,424 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81,875 
    
 
   Pension liability 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 63,528 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 63,528 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 48,022 
    
    
   
 132,583 
    
    
   
 93,760 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 274,365 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 390,638 
    
    
   
 2,211,184 
    
    
   
 3,477,151 
    
    
   
 2,325,425 
    
    
   
 (2,276,668 
 )  
   
   
 6,127,730 
    
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   CBRE Group, Inc. Stockholders’ Equity 
    
   
 1,539,211 
    
    
   
 1,912,207 
    
    
   
 2,529,531 
    
    
   
 1,329,992 
    
    
   
 (5,771,730 
 )  
   
   
 1,539,211 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 142,601 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 142,601 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Equity 
    
   
 1,539,211 
    
    
   
 1,912,207 
    
    
   
 2,529,531 
    
    
   
 1,472,593 
    
    
   
 (5,771,730 
 )  
   
   
 1,681,812 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Equity 
    
 $ 
 1,929,849 
    
    
 $ 
 4,123,391 
    
    
 $ 
 6,006,682 
    
    
 $ 
 3,798,018 
    
    
 $ 
 (8,048,398 
 )  
   
 $ 
 7,809,542 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Although CBRE Capital Markets is included among our domestic subsidiaries that jointly and severally guarantee our 11.625% senior subordinated notes, our 6.625% senior
notes and our Credit Agreement, a substantial majority of warehouse receivables funded under the JP Morgan Master Repurchase Agreement, BofA, Capital One, TD Bank, JP Morgan and Fannie Mae As Soon As Pooled lines of credit are pledged to JP Morgan,
BofA, Capital One, TD Bank and Fannie Mae, and accordingly, are not included as collateral for these notes or our other outstanding debt.  
      142
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Guarantor 
   
   
 Nonguarantor 
   
   
   
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Elimination 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Revenue 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 4,230,354 
    
   
 $ 
 2,954,440 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 7,184,794 
    
 
   Costs and expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,609,700 
    
   
   
 1,579,689 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,189,389 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
   
   
 42,601 
    
   
   
 9,660 
    
   
   
 1,007,539 
    
   
   
 1,044,510 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,104,310 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 105,700 
    
   
   
 84,690 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 190,390 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 98,129 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 98,129 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 42,601 
    
   
   
 9,660 
    
   
   
 3,722,939 
    
   
   
 2,807,018 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 6,582,218 
    
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,508 
    
   
   
 6,044 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 13,552 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating (loss) income 
   
   
 (42,601 
 )  
   
   
 (9,660 
 )  
   
   
 514,923 
    
   
   
 153,466 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 616,128 
    
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 61,188 
    
   
   
 3,234 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 64,422 
    
 
   Other (loss) income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 5,764 
    
   
   
 7,766 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 13,523 
    
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 137,718 
    
   
   
 2,166 
    
   
   
 4,109 
    
   
   
 (137,704 
 )  
   
   
 6,289 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 120,669 
    
   
   
 125,058 
    
   
   
 27,059 
    
   
   
 (137,704 
 )  
   
   
 135,082 
    
 
   Write-off of financing costs 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 56,295 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 56,295 
    
 
   Royalty and management service (income) expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (304,652 
 )  
   
   
 304,652 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Income (loss) from consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 343,247 
    
   
   
 373,914 
    
   
   
 (240,965 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (476,196 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income (loss) from continuing operations before (benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 300,646 
    
   
   
 325,001 
    
   
   
 522,670 
    
   
   
 (163,136 
 )  
   
   
 (476,196 
 )  
   
   
 508,985 
    
 
   (Benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (15,892 
 )  
   
   
 (18,246 
 )  
   
   
 148,756 
    
   
   
 72,569 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 187,187 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
   
 316,538 
    
   
   
 343,247 
    
   
   
 373,914 
    
   
   
 (235,705 
 )  
   
   
 (476,196 
 )  
   
   
 321,798 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 26,997 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 26,997 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 316,538 
    
   
   
 343,247 
    
   
   
 373,914 
    
   
   
 (208,708 
 )  
   
   
 (476,196 
 )  
   
   
 348,795 
    
 
   Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 32,257 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 32,257 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 316,538 
    
   
 $ 
 343,247 
    
   
 $ 
 373,914 
    
   
 $ 
 (240,965 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (476,196 
 )  
   
 $ 
 316,538 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      143
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Guarantor 
   
   
 Nonguarantor 
   
   
   
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Elimination 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Revenue 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 3,788,613 
    
   
 $ 
 2,725,486 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 6,514,099 
    
 
   Costs and expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,318,552 
    
   
   
 1,423,962 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,742,514 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
   
   
 47,344 
    
   
   
 7,367 
    
   
   
 931,444 
    
   
   
 1,016,759 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,002,914 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81,964 
    
   
   
 87,681 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 169,645 
    
 
   Non-amortizable intangible asset impairment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,826 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,826 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 47,344 
    
   
   
 7,367 
    
   
   
 3,331,960 
    
   
   
 2,548,228 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,934,899 
    
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,881 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,881 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating (loss) income 
   
   
 (47,344 
 )  
   
   
 (7,367 
 )  
   
   
 456,653 
    
   
   
 183,139 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 585,081 
    
 
   Equity income (loss) from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 62,818 
    
   
   
 (2,089 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 60,729 
    
 
   Other income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,500 
    
   
   
 9,593 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,093 
    
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 133,205 
    
   
   
 3,370 
    
   
   
 4,235 
    
   
   
 (133,167 
 )  
   
   
 7,643 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 143,500 
    
   
   
 130,944 
    
   
   
 33,791 
    
   
   
 (133,167 
 )  
   
   
 175,068 
    
 
   Royalty and management service (income) expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (38,380 
 )  
   
   
 38,380 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Income from consolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 345,262 
    
   
   
 356,344 
    
   
   
 67,070 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (768,676 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before (benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 297,918 
    
   
   
 338,682 
    
   
   
 498,847 
    
   
   
 122,707 
    
   
   
 (768,676 
 )  
   
   
 489,478 
    
 
   (Benefit of) provision for income taxes 
   
   
 (17,637 
 )  
   
   
 (6,580 
 )  
   
   
 142,503 
    
   
   
 67,036 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 185,322 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations 
   
   
 315,555 
    
   
   
 345,262 
    
   
   
 356,344 
    
   
   
 55,671 
    
   
   
 (768,676 
 )  
   
   
 304,156 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 631 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 631 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
   
   
 315,555 
    
   
   
 345,262 
    
   
   
 356,344 
    
   
   
 56,302 
    
   
   
 (768,676 
 )  
   
   
 304,787 
    
 
   Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (10,768 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (10,768 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 315,555 
    
   
 $ 
 345,262 
    
   
 $ 
 356,344 
    
   
 $ 
 67,070 
    
   
 $ 
 (768,676 
 )  
   
 $ 
 315,555 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      144
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Guarantor 
   
   
 Nonguarantor 
   
    
   
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
    
 Elimination 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 3,360,792 
    
   
 $ 
 2,544,619 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,905,411 
    
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of services 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,053,774 
    
   
   
 1,403,356 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,457,130 
    
 
   Operating, administrative and other 
    
   
 41,708 
    
   
   
 5,331 
    
   
   
 976,371 
    
   
   
 859,256 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,882,666 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 58,687 
    
   
   
 57,032 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 115,719 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total costs and expenses 
    
   
 41,708 
    
   
   
 5,331 
    
   
   
 3,088,832 
    
   
   
 2,319,644 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,455,515 
    
 
   Gain on disposition of real estate 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,380 
    
   
   
 9,586 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 12,966 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating (loss) income 
    
   
 (41,708 
 )  
   
   
 (5,331 
 )  
   
   
 275,340 
    
   
   
 234,561 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 462,862 
    
 
   Equity income from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 101,625 
    
   
   
 3,151 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 104,776 
    
 
   Other income 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 986 
    
   
   
 1,720 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,706 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 105,502 
    
   
   
 2,990 
    
   
   
 6,319 
    
    
   
 (105,368 
 )  
   
   
 9,443 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 118,650 
    
   
   
 105,857 
    
   
   
 31,110 
    
    
   
 (105,368 
 )  
   
   
 150,249 
    
 
   Royalty and management service (income) expense 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (35,890 
 )  
   
   
 35,890 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Income from consolidated subsidiaries 
    
   
 265,344 
    
   
   
 276,944 
    
   
   
 93,019 
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (635,307 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations before (benefit of) provision for income taxes 
    
   
 223,636 
    
   
   
 258,465 
    
   
   
 403,993 
    
   
   
 178,751 
    
    
   
 (635,307 
 )  
   
   
 429,538 
    
 
   (Benefit of) provision for income taxes 
    
   
 (15,526 
 )  
   
   
 (6,879 
 )  
   
   
 127,049 
    
   
   
 84,459 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 189,103 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from continuing operations 
    
   
 239,162 
    
   
   
 265,344 
    
   
   
 276,944 
    
   
   
 94,292 
    
    
   
 (635,307 
 )  
   
   
 240,435 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 49,890 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 49,890 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 239,162 
    
   
   
 265,344 
    
   
   
 276,944 
    
   
   
 144,182 
    
    
   
 (635,307 
 )  
   
   
 290,325 
    
 
   Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 51,163 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 51,163 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 239,162 
    
   
 $ 
 265,344 
    
   
 $ 
 276,944 
    
   
 $ 
 93,019 
    
    
 $ 
 (635,307 
 )  
   
 $ 
 239,162 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      145
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 Guarantor 
   
    
 Nonguarantor 
   
   
   
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
    
 CBRE 
   
    
 Subsidiaries 
   
    
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Elimination 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Net income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
 $ 
 343,247 
    
    
 $ 
 373,914 
    
    
 $ 
 (208,708 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (476,196 
 )  
   
 $ 
 348,795 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation gain 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 7,390 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,390 
    
 
   Unrealized gains on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 11,468 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 44 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,512 
    
 
   Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,071 
    
    
   
 80 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,151 
    
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (5,638 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,638 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 279 
    
    
   
 3,441 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,720 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 11,468 
    
    
   
 1,350 
    
    
   
 5,317 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 18,135 
    
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 316,538 
    
    
   
 354,715 
    
    
   
 375,264 
    
    
   
 (203,391 
 )  
   
   
 (476,196 
 )  
   
   
 366,930 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 31,471 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31,471 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 316,538 
    
    
 $ 
 354,715 
    
    
 $ 
 375,264 
    
    
 $ 
 (234,862 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (476,196 
 )  
   
 $ 
 335,459 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      146
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
 Guarantor 
   
   
 Nonguarantor 
   
   
   
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
    
 CBRE 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Elimination 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 315,555 
    
    
 $ 
 345,262 
    
   
 $ 
 356,344 
    
   
 $ 
 56,302 
    
   
 $ 
 (768,676 
 )  
   
 $ 
 304,787 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (997 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (997 
 )  
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (4,868 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (56 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,924 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available for sale securities, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 522 
    
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 475 
    
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (947 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (947 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (871 
 )  
   
   
 273 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (598 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (4,868 
 )  
   
   
 (349 
 )  
   
   
 (1,774 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6,991 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
   
 315,555 
    
    
   
 340,394 
    
   
   
 355,995 
    
   
   
 54,528 
    
   
   
 (768,676 
 )  
   
   
 297,796 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,154 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,154 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 315,555 
    
    
 $ 
 340,394 
    
   
 $ 
 355,995 
    
   
 $ 
 65,682 
    
   
 $ 
 (768,676 
 )  
   
 $ 
 308,950 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      147
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
 Guarantor 
   
    
 Nonguarantor 
   
   
   
   
   
 Consolidated 
   
 
   
    
 Parent 
   
    
 CBRE 
   
   
 Subsidiaries 
   
    
 Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Elimination 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 239,162 
    
    
 $ 
 265,344 
    
   
 $ 
 276,944 
    
    
 $ 
 144,182 
    
   
 $ 
 (635,307 
 )  
   
 $ 
 290,325 
    
 
   Other comprehensive (loss) income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation loss 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (24,165 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (24,165 
 )  
 
   Unrealized losses on interest rate swaps and interest rate caps, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (23,602 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,623 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding gains on available for sale securities, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 77 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 77 
    
 
   Pension liability adjustments, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (19,088 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (19,088 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,022 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,022 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 (23,602 
 )  
   
   
 2,099 
    
    
   
 (43,274 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (64,777 
 )  
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
   
 239,162 
    
    
   
 241,742 
    
   
   
 279,043 
    
    
   
 100,908 
    
   
   
 (635,307 
 )  
   
   
 225,548 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 50,223 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 50,223 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 239,162 
    
    
 $ 
 241,742 
    
   
 $ 
 279,043 
    
    
 $ 
 50,685 
    
   
 $ 
 (635,307 
 )  
   
 $ 
 175,325 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      148
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 $ 
 24,043 
    
   
 $ 
 5,366 
    
   
 $ 
 663,640 
    
   
 $ 
 52,059 
    
   
 $ 
 745,108 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (112,528 
 )  
   
   
 (43,830 
 )  
   
   
 (156,358 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of businesses, including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (67,095 
 )   
   
   
 (437,052 
 )  
   
   
 (504,147 
 )  
 
   Contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (49,721 
 )  
   
   
 127 
    
   
   
 (49,594 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 63,049 
    
   
   
 19,181 
    
   
   
 82,230 
    
 
   Net proceeds from disposition of real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 113,241 
    
   
   
 113,241 
    
 
   Additions to real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,559 
 )  
   
   
 (2,559 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of servicing rights and other assets 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 15,537 
    
   
   
 16,479 
    
   
   
 32,016 
    
 
   (Increase) decrease in restricted cash 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 6,967 
    
   
   
 8,469 
    
 
   Purchase of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (65,111 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (65,111 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 66,222 
    
   
   
 3,466 
    
   
   
 69,688 
    
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,441 
    
   
   
 2,690 
    
   
   
 7,131 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 (143,696 
 )  
   
   
 (321,290 
 )  
   
   
 (464,994 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from senior secured term loans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 715,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 715,000 
    
 
   Repayment of senior secured term loans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,382,237 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (256,780 
 )  
   
   
 (1,639,017 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 439,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 171,562 
    
   
   
 610,562 
    
 
   Repayment of revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (421,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (121,150 
 )  
   
   
 (542,150 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from issuance of 5.00% senior notes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 800,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 800,000 
    
 
   Repayment of 11.625% senior subordinated notes 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (450,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (450,000 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,762 
    
   
   
 2,762 
    
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (74,544 
 )  
   
   
 (74,544 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,526 
    
   
   
 9,526 
    
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (136,528 
 )  
   
   
 (136,528 
 )  
 
   Stock and stock units repurchased for payment of taxes on stock awards 
   
   
 (16,628 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (16,628 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 5,780 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,780 
    
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
   
   
 9,891 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,891 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,092 
    
   
   
 1,092 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (128,168 
 )  
   
   
 (128,168 
 )  
 
   Payment of financing costs 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (28,995 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (327 
 )  
   
   
 (29,322 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in intercompany receivables, net 
   
   
 (23,086 
 )  
   
   
 316,147 
    
   
   
 (1,104,501 
 )  
   
   
 811,440 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4,311 
 )  
   
   
 (226 
 )  
   
   
 (4,537 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (24,043 
 )  
   
   
 (12,085 
 )  
   
   
 (1,108,812 
 )  
   
   
 278,659 
    
   
   
 (866,281 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,218 
 )  
   
   
 (11,218 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6,727 
 )  
   
   
 (588,868 
 )  
   
   
 (1,790 
 )  
   
   
 (597,385 
 )  
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 18,312 
    
   
   
 680,112 
    
   
   
 390,868 
    
   
   
 1,089,297 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
   
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 11,585 
    
   
 $ 
 91,244 
    
   
 $ 
 389,078 
    
   
 $ 
 491,912 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 106,433 
    
   
 $ 
 450 
    
   
 $ 
 10,267 
    
   
 $ 
 117,150 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income tax payments, net 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 113,090 
    
   
 $ 
 90,312 
    
   
 $ 
 203,402 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      149
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 $ 
 24,525 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,620 
 )  
   
 $ 
 209,943 
    
   
 $ 
 60,233 
    
   
 $ 
 291,081 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (95,578 
 )  
   
   
 (54,654 
 )  
   
   
 (150,232 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of Clarion Real Estate Securities and substantially all of the ING Group N.V. operations in Europe and Asia
(collectively the REIM Acquisitions), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (8,949 
 )  
   
   
 1,269 
    
   
   
 (7,680 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of businesses (other than the REIM Acquisitions), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of
cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (15,980 
 )  
   
   
 (28,918 
 )  
   
   
 (44,898 
 )  
 
   Contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (29,941 
 )  
   
   
 (35,499 
 )  
   
   
 (65,440 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 58,389 
    
   
   
 4,588 
    
   
   
 62,977 
    
 
   Net proceeds from disposition of real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 60,805 
    
   
   
 60,805 
    
 
   Additions to real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (6,181 
 )  
   
   
 (6,181 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of servicing rights and other assets 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 27,087 
    
   
   
 13,119 
    
   
   
 40,206 
    
 
   Increase in restricted cash 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,018 
 )  
   
   
 2,809 
    
   
   
 (16,996 
 )  
   
   
 (16,205 
 )  
 
   Decrease in cash due to deconsolidation of CBRE Clarion U.S., L.P. 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (73,187 
 )  
   
   
 (73,187 
 )  
 
   Purchase of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (36,355 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (36,355 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31,751 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31,751 
    
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,526 
    
   
   
 (758 
 )  
   
   
 6,768 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,018 
 )  
   
   
 (59,241 
 )  
   
   
 (136,412 
 )  
   
   
 (197,671 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Repayment of senior secured term loans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (46,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (22,146 
 )  
   
   
 (68,146 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 41,270 
    
   
   
 41,270 
    
 
   Repayment of revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (15,230 
 )  
   
   
 (15,230 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,652 
    
   
   
 4,652 
    
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (54,036 
 )  
   
   
 (54,036 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 22,276 
    
   
   
 22,276 
    
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (21,345 
 )  
   
   
 (21,345 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 20,324 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 20,324 
    
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
   
   
 2,930 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,930 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 16,075 
    
   
   
 16,075 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (48,162 
 )  
   
   
 (48,162 
 )  
 
   Payment of financing costs 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (334 
 )  
   
   
 (359 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in intercompany receivables, net 
   
   
 (47,732 
 )  
   
   
 (228,395 
 )  
   
   
 178,908 
    
   
   
 97,219 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (953 
 )  
   
   
 62 
    
   
   
 (938 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (24,525 
 )  
   
   
 (274,420 
 )  
   
   
 177,955 
    
   
   
 20,301 
    
   
   
 (100,689 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,394 
    
   
   
 3,394 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (280,058 
 )  
   
   
 328,657 
    
   
   
 (52,484 
 )  
   
   
 (3,885 
 )  
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 298,370 
    
   
   
 351,455 
    
   
   
 443,352 
    
   
   
 1,093,182 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
   
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 18,312 
    
   
 $ 
 680,112 
    
   
 $ 
 390,868 
    
   
 $ 
 1,089,297 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 135,257 
    
   
 $ 
 23 
    
   
 $ 
 26,665 
    
   
 $ 
 161,945 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income tax payments, net 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 127,482 
    
   
 $ 
 90,474 
    
   
 $ 
 217,956 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      150
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CBRE GROUP, INC.        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)  
   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Parent 
   
   
 CBRE 
   
   
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Nonguarantor Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Consolidated Total 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 $ 
 19,200 
    
   
 $ 
 20,628 
    
   
 $ 
 99,442 
    
   
 $ 
 221,949 
    
   
 $ 
 361,219 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (111,247 
 )  
   
   
 (36,733 
 )  
   
   
 (147,980 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of Clarion Real Estate Securities and substantially all of the ING Group N.V. operations in Europe and Asia
(collectively the REIM Acquisitions), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (215,910 
 )  
   
   
 (364,985 
 )  
   
   
 (580,895 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of businesses (other than the REIM Acquisitions), including net assets acquired, intangibles and goodwill, net of
cash acquired 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (2,290 
 )  
   
   
 (47,500 
 )  
   
   
 (49,790 
 )  
 
   Contributions to unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (29,912 
 )  
   
   
 (21,551 
 )  
   
   
 (51,463 
 )  
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated subsidiaries 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 92,611 
    
   
   
 16,936 
    
   
   
 109,547 
    
 
   Net proceeds from disposition of real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 231,678 
    
   
   
 231,678 
    
 
   Additions to real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (15,473 
 )  
   
   
 (15,473 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of servicing rights and other assets 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 20,014 
    
   
   
 7,021 
    
   
   
 27,035 
    
 
   (Increase) decrease in restricted cash 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 1,188 
    
   
   
 (2,869 
 )  
   
   
 (1,696 
 )  
 
   Purchase of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (45,281 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (45,281 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 41,479 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 41,479 
    
 
   Other investing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,584 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,584 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 (246,764 
 )  
   
   
 (233,476 
 )  
   
   
 (480,255 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from senior secured term loans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 800,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 300,739 
    
   
   
 1,100,739 
    
 
   Repayment of senior secured term loans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (42,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,503 
 )  
   
   
 (47,503 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 967,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 65,624 
    
   
   
 1,032,624 
    
 
   Repayment of revolving credit facility 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (967,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (38,132 
 )  
   
   
 (1,005,132 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,300 
    
   
   
 10,300 
    
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for investment 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (186,636 
 )  
   
   
 (186,636 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,454 
    
   
   
 8,454 
    
 
   Repayment of notes payable on real estate held for sale and under development 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (79,271 
 )  
   
   
 (79,271 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 7,136 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,136 
    
 
   Incremental tax benefit from stock options exercised 
   
   
 14,936 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 14,936 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests contributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,231 
    
   
   
 10,231 
    
 
   Non-controlling interests distributions 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (129,686 
 )  
   
   
 (129,686 
 )  
 
   Payment of financing costs 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (23,652 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,086 
 )  
   
   
 (24,738 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in intercompany receivables, net 
   
   
 (41,271 
 )  
   
   
 (680,436 
 )  
   
   
 413,294 
    
   
   
 308,413 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other financing activities, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (129 
 )  
   
   
 (129 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
   
 (19,199 
 )  
   
   
 53,912 
    
   
   
 413,294 
    
   
   
 263,318 
    
   
   
 711,325 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (5,681 
 )  
   
   
 (5,681 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 74,525 
    
   
   
 265,972 
    
   
   
 246,110 
    
   
   
 586,608 
    
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 223,845 
    
   
   
 85,483 
    
   
   
 197,242 
    
   
   
 506,574 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
   
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 298,370 
    
   
 $ 
 351,455 
    
   
 $ 
 443,352 
    
   
 $ 
 1,093,182 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 109,520 
    
   
 $ 
 24 
    
   
 $ 
 28,491 
    
   
 $ 
 138,035 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income tax payments, net 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 102,754 
    
   
 $ 
 87,163 
    
   
 $ 
 189,917 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      151
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
 QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    (Unaudited)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three
Months Ended December 31, 2013 
   
    
 Three
Months Ended September 30, 2013 
   
    
 Three
Months Ended June 30, 2013 
   
    
 Three
Months Ended March 31, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 2,233,851 
    
    
 $ 
 1,733,866 
    
    
 $ 
 1,742,014 
    
    
 $ 
 1,475,063 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 169,211 
    
    
 $ 
 158,119 
    
    
 $ 
 187,624 
    
    
 $ 
 101,174 
    
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 114,646 
    
    
 $ 
 94,444 
    
    
 $ 
 69,902 
    
    
 $ 
 37,546 
    
 
   Basic EPS (1) 
    
 $ 
 0.35 
    
    
 $ 
 0.29 
    
    
 $ 
 0.21 
    
    
 $ 
 0.11 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic EPS (1) 
    
   
 329,912,177 
    
    
   
 328,307,961 
    
    
   
 327,423,589 
    
    
   
 326,759,455 
    
 
   Diluted EPS (1) 
    
 $ 
 0.34 
    
    
 $ 
 0.28 
    
    
 $ 
 0.21 
    
    
 $ 
 0.11 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted EPS (1) 
    
   
 332,519,441 
    
    
   
 332,061,402 
    
    
   
 331,631,185 
    
    
   
 330,802,552 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended December
31, 2012 
   
    
 Three Months Ended September
30, 2012 
   
    
 Three Months Ended June
30, 2012 
   
    
 Three Months Ended March
31, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 2,005,846 
    
    
 $ 
 1,557,147 
    
    
 $ 
 1,601,117 
    
    
 $ 
 1,349,989 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
 $ 
 232,723 
    
    
 $ 
 103,595 
    
    
 $ 
 172,700 
    
    
 $ 
 76,063 
    
 
   Net income attributable to CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 172,998 
    
    
 $ 
 39,709 
    
    
 $ 
 75,873 
    
    
 $ 
 26,975 
    
 
   Basic EPS (1) 
    
 $ 
 0.53 
    
    
 $ 
 0.12 
    
    
 $ 
 0.24 
    
    
 $ 
 0.08 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for basic EPS (1) 
    
   
 325,372,928 
    
    
   
 322,331,850 
    
    
   
 320,852,344 
    
    
   
 320,671,395 
    
 
   Diluted EPS (1) 
    
 $ 
 0.53 
    
    
 $ 
 0.12 
    
    
 $ 
 0.23 
    
    
 $ 
 0.08 
    
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding for diluted EPS (1) 
    
   
 329,012,910 
    
    
   
 327,309,341 
    
    
   
 326,081,681 
    
    
   
 325,738,859 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 EPS is defined as earnings per share.  

      152
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure        Not applicable.
       Item 9A. Controls and
Procedures      
 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
     Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f), including maintenance of (i) records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets, and (ii) policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, (b) our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our Board of Directors and (c) we will prevent or timely detect unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.     
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of the
inherent limitations of any system of internal control. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses of judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal
control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper overriding of controls. As a result of such limitations, there is risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal
control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.  
     Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in  Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission. We acquired London-based Norland Managed Services Ltd during 2013 (“Acquired Business”) as defined in Note 8 to the consolidated
financial statements, and we excluded from our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, the Acquired Business’s internal control over financial reporting associated with
total assets of $680.2 million included in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2013. Based on our evaluation under the COSO framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 31, 2013. The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is
included herein.        Disclosure Controls and Procedures
       Our policy for disclosure controls and
procedures provides guidance on the evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and is designed to ensure that all corporate disclosure is complete and accurate in all material respects and that all information required to be disclosed in the
periodic reports submitted by us under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods and in the manner specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to the company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this
report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Our Disclosure Committee consisting of
the principal accounting officer, general counsel, chief communication officer, senior officers of each significant business line and other select employees assisted the  
      153
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer in this evaluation. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as required by the Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(c) as of the end of the period covered by this report.      
 Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting      
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.        Item 9B. Other Information      
 Not applicable.      
 PART III      
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
     The information under the headings “Election of
Directors”, “Corporate Governance”, “Executive Management” and “Stock Ownership” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.  
     We are filing the certifications by the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.      
 Item 11. Executive Compensation  
     The information contained under the headings “Corporate
Governance”, “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Executive Compensation” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.  
     Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters        Equity Compensation Plan Information        The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2013. All outstanding awards relate to our Class A common stock.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Plan category 
    
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 
   
    
 Weighted-average Exercise
Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) 
   
    
 Number of 
Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
    
   
 7,108,046 
    
    
 $ 
 2.20 
    
    
   
 14,717,951 
    
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 7,108,046 
    
    
 $ 
 2.20 
    
    
   
 14,717,951 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Consists of stock options and restricted stock units in our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”) and our Second Amended and Restated
2004 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2004 Stock Incentive Plan”; no further  
      154
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
   
awards may be issued under our 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, which was terminated in May 2012 in connection with the adoption of the 2012 Plan) and includes the following:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   4,978,998 restricted stock units, which primarily vest and are exercisable generally in equal annual increments over four years from the date of grant
and are exercisable for no consideration. Excluding these restricted stock units, the weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights increases to $13.60.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   651,199 performance-based restricted stock units (at their target number amount) subject to the Company satisfying an adjusted EPS threshold, and
thereupon cliff vesting in 2016. The award amount was granted as a target number of restricted stock units, with the actual number of shares to be later issued (if they vest) determined at the end of the performance period by measuring the extent by
which actual adjusted EPS at the end of the performance period exceeds specified adjusted EPS performance levels. The actual number of shares that a grant recipient will receive may range from 0% to 200% of the target number depending on adjusted
EPS performance.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   329,100 performance-based restricted stock units subject to the Company satisfying an adjusted EBITDA threshold, and thereupon vesting and becoming
exercisable in equal annual increments over four years from the date of grant.        The information contained under the heading “Stock Ownership” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.  
     Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence        The
information contained under the headings “Election of Directors”, “Corporate Governance” and “Related Party Transactions” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated
herein by reference.        Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services        The
information contained under the heading “Audit and Other Fees” in the definitive proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.        PART IV  
     Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules      
 
 
   
 1. 
 Financial Statements       
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth on page 70.  
   
 
 
   
 2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules       
 See Schedule II on page 156.      
 See Schedule III beginning on page 157.  
   
 
 
   
 3. 
 Exhibits      
 See Exhibit Index beginning on page 161 hereof.  
      155
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE GROUP, INC.  
     SCHEDULE II—VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
   (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
   


 
   Balance, December 31, 2010 
    
 $ 
 33,272 
    
 
   Charges to expense 
    
   
 9,754 
    
 
   Write-offs, payments and other 
    
   
 (9,111 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 33,915 
    
 
   Charges to expense 
    
   
 6,509 
    
 
   Write-offs, payments and other 
    
   
 (4,932 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 35,492 
    
 
   Charges to expense 
    
   
 9,579 
    
 
   Write-offs, payments and other 
    
   
 (4,809 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 40,262 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
       See accompanying report of
independent registered public accounting firm.  
      156
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE Group, Inc.  
     SCHEDULE III—REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS AND ACCUMULATED
DEPRECIATION    December 31, 2013    (Dollars in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Initial Cost 
   
   
   
   
   
 Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Description 
   
 Related Encumbrances 
   
   
 Land 
   
   
 Buildings and Improvements 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Costs Subsequent to Acquisition 
   
   
 Land 
   
   
 Buildings and Improvements 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Total(A), (B),(C) 
   
   
 Accumulated Depreciation (A), (D) 
   
   
 Depreciable Lives in Years (D) 
   
   
 Date of Construction 
   
   
 Date Acquired 
   


 
   REAL ESTATE UNDER DEVELOPMENT (CURRENT) 
      
 
   Mixed Use (Multi-family/Retail) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Union at Carrollton Square, Carrollton, TX 
   
   
 19,470 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,133 
    
   
   
 667 
    
   
   
 18,466 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 19,133 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2012 
    
   
   
 2011 
    
 
 
 
   REAL ESTATE UNDER DEVELOPMENT (NON-CURRENT) 
      
 
   Land 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   105 Commerce, Hazel Township, PA 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 610 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 212 
    
   
   
 822 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 822 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2011 
    
 
 
 
   REAL ESTATE HELD FOR INVESTMENT 
      
 
   Industrial 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   MROTC, Oklahoma City, OK 
   
   
 8,932 
    
   
   
 3,223 
    
   
   
 3,347 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,885 
    
   
   
 4,274 
    
   
   
 4,927 
    
   
   
 254 
    
   
   
 9,455 
    
   
   
 (3,193 
 )  
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   MROTC Steel Hangers, Oklahoma City, OK 
   
   
 10,612 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,470 
    
   
   
 740 
    
   
   
 10,273 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 13,483 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 13,483 
    
   
   
 (4,869 
 )  
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   Land 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   150 Beachview, Jekyll Island, GA 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,900 
    
   
   
 (566 
 )  
   
   
 80 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,254 
    
   
   
 2,334 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2009 
    
 
   Arrowood, Charlotte, NC 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 321 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (321 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   Buccaneer, Jekyll Island, GA 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 9,600 
    
   
   
 (6,730 
 )  
   
   
 72 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,798 
    
   
   
 2,870 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2009 
    
 
   Centre Point Commons, Bradenton, FL 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 383 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 380 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 380 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   CG Sunland, Phoenix, AZ 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,472 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 176 
    
   
   
 1,648 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,648 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   Fairway Centre, Pasadena, TX 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 50 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 334 
    
   
   
 384 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 384 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   Lakeline Retail, Cedar Park, TX 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   SA Crossroads II, San Antonio, TX 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,131 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (1,530 
 )  
   
   
 601 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 601 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   Sierra Corporate Center, Reno, NV 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,056 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (998 
 )  
   
   
 1,058 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,058 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
   TCEP, Austin, TX 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,456 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 1,497 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,497 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 2008 
    
 
   Mixed-Use (Multi-family/Residential) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tranquility Lake, Pearland, TX (E) 
   
   
 17,927 
    
   
   
 3,510 
    
   
   
 17,490 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,510 
    
   
   
 17,490 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 21,000 
    
   
   
 (2,956 
 )  
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 2003 
    
   
   
 2010 
    
 
   San Miguel, San Antonio, TX (E) 
   
   
 23,758 
    
   
   
 2,145 
    
   
   
 23,205 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 2,145 
    
   
   
 23,605 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,750 
    
   
   
 (3,916 
 )  
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 2004 
    
   
   
 2010 
    
      157
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
 Initial Cost 
   
   
   
   
   
 Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Description 
   
 Related Encumbrances 
   
   
 Land 
   
   
 Buildings and Improvements 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Costs Subsequent to Acquisition 
   
   
 Land 
   
   
 Buildings and Improvements 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Total(A), (B),(C) 
   
   
 Accumulated Depreciation (A), (D) 
   
   
 Depreciable Lives in Years (D) 
   
   
 Date of Construction 
   
   
 Date Acquired 
   


 
   Office 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   814 Commerce, Oak Brook, IL 
   
   
 21,653 
    
   
   
 4,784 
    
   
   
 8,217 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 2,517 
    
   
   
 3,299 
    
   
   
 12,219 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 15,518 
    
   
   
 (2,409 
 )  
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 1972 
    
   
   
 2007 
    
 
   Cascade Station Office II, Portland, OR 
   
   
 6,145 
    
   
   
 1,233 
    
   
   
 282 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,357 
    
   
   
 1,886 
    
   
   
 6,986 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 8,872 
    
   
   
 (2,063 
 )  
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 2008 
    
   
   
 2007 
    
 
   Meriden—530 Preston Avenue, Meriden, CT 
   
   
 5,282 
    
   
   
 1,194 
    
   
   
 4,271 
    
   
   
 698 
    
   
   
 840 
    
   
   
 1,148 
    
   
   
 5,830 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
   
 7,003 
    
   
   
 (1,589 
 )  
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 1986 
    
   
   
 2008 
    
 
   Meriden—538 Preston Avenue, Meriden, CT 
   
   
 6,843 
    
   
   
 1,079 
    
   
   
 4,837 
    
   
   
 1,292 
    
   
   
 1,217 
    
   
   
 1,264 
    
   
   
 7,142 
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
   
 8,425 
    
   
   
 (1,966 
 )  
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 1989 
    
   
   
 2008 
    
 
   Retail 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Westlake Crossing, Humble, TX 
   
   
 9,850 
    
   
   
 2,834 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 7,439 
    
   
   
 3,415 
    
   
   
 6,858 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,273 
    
   
   
 (596 
 )  
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 2009 
    
   
   
 2006 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 130,472 
    
   
 $ 
 28,486 
    
   
 $ 
 64,119 
    
   
 $ 
 15,230 
    
   
 $ 
 42,676 
    
   
 $ 
 28,155 
    
   
 $ 
 117,006 
    
   
 $ 
 5,350 
    
   
 $ 
 150,511 
    
   
 $ 
 (23,557 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (A) 
 Includes costs and depreciation subsequent to December 20, 2006, the date we acquired Trammell Crow Company.  
 
 
 (B) 
 The aggregate cost for Federal Income Tax purposes is $169.3 million.  
 
 
 (C) 
 Reflects write downs for impairments of real estate and provisions for loss on real estate held for sale totaling $14.7 million on assets we own at December 31, 2013.
These charges were recorded in 2008 through 2012 as a result of capital market turmoil and weak real estate fundamentals in the United States.  
 
 
 (D) 
 Land, real estate under development and real estate held for sale are not depreciated.  
 
 
 (E) 
 In December 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2009-17, “ Consolidations (Topic 810): Improvements to
Financial Reporting by Enterprises Involved with Variable Interest Entities .” We adopted this ASU effective January 1, 2010 and as a result, we began consolidating certain variable interest entities (eight commercial properties) that were
not previously consolidated by us. As of December 31, 2013, two such properties remain on our books. See Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      158
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  CBRE Group, Inc.  
     NOTE TO SCHEDULE III—REAL
ESTATE INVESTMENTS AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION    DECEMBER 31, 2013  
 (Dollars in thousands)      
 Changes in real estate investments and accumulated depreciation for the year ended December 31 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Real estate investments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 412,061 
    
   
 $ 
 500,824 
    
 
   Additions and improvements 
    
   
 31,035 
    
   
   
 43,885 
    
 
   Dispositions 
    
   
 (292,099 
 )  
   
   
 (104,454 
 )  
 
   Other adjustments (1) 
    
   
 (486 
 )  
   
   
 (28,194 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
   
 $150,511 
    
   
   
 $412,061 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated depreciation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
   
 ($32,878 
 )  
   
   
 ($40,724 
 )  
 
   Depreciation expense 
    
   
 (6,445 
 )  
   
   
 (13,470 
 )  
 
   Dispositions 
    
   
 15,766 
    
   
   
 21,316 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
   
 ($23,557 
 )  
   
   
 ($32,878 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes impairment charges and amortization of lease intangibles and tenant origination costs.  
      159
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 CBRE G ROUP , I NC . 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    R OBERT  E.
S ULENTIC         
 
 
   
   Robert E. Sulentic   President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
   Date: March 3, 2014 
       Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    R ICHARD  C.
B LUM           Richard C. Blum 
    
   Chairman of the Board 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    G IL 
B OROK           Gil Borok 
    
   Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    B RANDON  B.
B OZE         Brandon B. Boze 
    
   Director 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    C URTIS  F.
F EENY           Curtis F. Feeny 
    
   Director 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    B RADFORD  M.
F REEMAN           Bradford M. Freeman 
    
   Director 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    A RLIN 
G AFFNER           Arlin Gaffner 
    
   Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    M ICHAEL 
K ANTOR           Michael Kantor 
    
   Director 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    F REDERIC  V.
M ALEK           Frederic V. Malek 
    
   Director 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    R OBERT  E.
S ULENTIC           Robert E. Sulentic 
    
   Director and President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    L AURA  D.
T YSON           Laura D. Tyson 
    
   Director 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    G ARY  L.
W ILSON           Gary L. Wilson 
    
   Director 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    R AY 
W IRTA           Ray Wirta 
    
   Director 
   
 March 3, 2014 
 
      160
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   SEC File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
    
   Filing Date 
   
    
   Filed Herewith 


 
 2.1(a) 
    
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2011, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. and others
(CRES Share Purchase Agreement) 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 2.01 
    
    
   
 2/18/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.1(b) 
    
 First Amendment, dated June 20, 2011, to CRES Share Purchase Agreement, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, and CB Richard Ellis,
Inc. and others 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 2.1 
    
    
   
 8/9/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.1(c) 
    
 Second Amendment, dated July 1, 2011, to CRES Share Purchase Agreement, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, and CB Richard Ellis,
Inc. and others 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 2.2 
    
    
   
 8/9/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.2(a) 
    
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2011, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. and others
(PERE Share Purchase Agreement) 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 2.02 
    
    
   
 2/18/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.2(b) 
    
 First Amendment, dated June 20, 2011, to PERE Share Purchase Agreement, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, and CB Richard Ellis,
Inc. and others 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 2.3 
    
    
   
 8/9/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.2(c) 
    
 Second Amendment to the PERE Share Purchase Agreement, dated October 3, 2011, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, CBRE, Inc. and
others 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 2.03 
    
    
   
 10/7/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.2(d) 
    
 Third Amendment to the PERE Share Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2011, by and among ING Real Estate Investment Management Holding B.V. and others, CBRE, Inc. and
others 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 2.04 
    
    
   
 11/4/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.3 
    
 Share Sale Agreement, dated November 12, 2013, among William Investments Limited, the individuals named therein, CBRE Holdings Limited, CBRE UK Acquisition Company Limited
and CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 1.01 
    
    
   
 11/13/2013 
    
    
 
      161
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   SEC File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
   
   Filing Date 
   
    
   Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1 
    
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CBRE Group, Inc. filed on June 16, 2004, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment filed on June 4, 2009 and the
Certificate of Ownership and Merger filed on October 3, 2011 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 3.1 
    
   
   
 11/9/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2 
    
 Second Amended and Restated By-laws of CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 3.2 
    
   
   
 10/3/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1 
    
 Form of Class A common stock certificate of CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. 
    
 S-1/A#2 
    
   
 333-112867 
    
    
   
 4.1 
    
   
   
 4/30/2004 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2(a) 
    
 Securityholders’ Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2001 (“Securityholders’ Agreement”), by and among, CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., CB Richard Ellis
Services, Inc., Blum Strategic Partners, L.P., Blum Strategic Partners II, L.P., Blum Strategic Partners II GmbH & Co. KG, FS Equity Partners III, L.P., FS Equity Partners International, L.P., Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, DLJ
Investment Funding, Inc., The Koll Holding Company, Frederic V. Malek, the management investors named therein and the other persons from time to time party thereto 
    
 SC-13D/A 
    
   
 005-46943 
    
    
   
 25 
    
   
   
 7/25/2001 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2(b) 
    
 Amendment and Waiver to Securityholders’ Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2004, by and among, CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc. and the
other parties to the Securityholders’ Agreement 
    
 S-1/A 
    
   
 333-112867 
    
    
   
 4.2 
 (b)  
   
   
 4/30/2004 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2(c) 
    
 Second Amendment and Waiver to Securityholders’ Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004, by and among CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc. and
certain of the other parties to the Securityholders’ Agreement 
    
 S-1/A 
    
   
 333-120445 
    
    
   
 4.2 
 (c)  
   
   
 11/24/2004 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2(d) 
    
 Third Amendment and Waiver to Securityholders’ Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2005, by and among CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc. and
certain of the other parties to the Securityholders’ Agreement 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 4.1 
    
   
   
 8/2/2005 
    
    
 
      162
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   SEC File No. 
   
    
   Exhibit 
   
   
   Filing Date 
   
    
   Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(a) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of October 8, 2010, among CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, for the 6.625% Senior Notes Due October 15, 2020 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 4.1 
    
   
   
 10/12/2010 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3(b) 
    
 Form of Supplemental Indenture among CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., certain new U.S. subsidiaries from time-to-time, the other
guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, for the 6.625% Senior Notes Due October 15, 2020 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 4.2 
    
   
   
 7/29/2011 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   4.4 
    
 Form of Exchange Note relating to 6.625% Senior Notes due October 15, 2020 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 4.41 
    
   
   
 10/12/2010 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   4.5(a) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2013, among CBRE Group, Inc., CBRE Services, Inc., certain other subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as trustee, for the 5.00% Senior Notes Due 2023 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 4.4 
 (a)  
   
   
 5/10/2013 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   4.5(b) 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2013, among CBRE Group, Inc., CBRE Services, Inc., certain other subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo
Bank, National Association, as trustee, for the 5.00% Senior Notes Due 2023 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 4.4 
 (b)  
   
   
 5/10/2013 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   4.5(c) 
    
 Form of Supplemental Indenture among certain U.S. subsidiaries from time-to-time, CBRE Services, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, for the 5.00% Senior
Notes due 2023 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 4.3 
    
   
   
 4/16/2013 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.1 
    
 Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2013, among CBRE Group, Inc., CBRE Services, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CBRE Services, Inc., the lenders party
thereto and Credit Suisse AG, as administrative agent and collateral agent 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 10.1 
    
   
   
 5/10/2013 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.2(a) 
    
 Guarantee and Pledge Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2010, among CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and
Credit Suisse AG, as collateral agent 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-32205 
    
    
   
 10.2 
    
   
   
 11/17/2010 
    
    
 
      163
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   SEC File No. 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filing Date 
    
   Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.2(b) 
    
 Form of Supplement among certain new U.S. subsidiaries from time-to-time and Credit Suisse AG, as collateral agent, to the Guarantee and Pledge Agreement, dated as of
November 10, 2010, by and among CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc., CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., certain subsidiaries of CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. and Credit Suisse AG, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (as defined
therein) 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.1 
    
 7/29/2011 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3 
    
 Executive Bonus Plan, dated February 21, 2014 + 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
    
 Executive Incentive Plan, effective as of January 1, 2007, as amended and restated as of February 21, 2014 + 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers + 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.1 
    
 12/8/2009 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.6 
    
 Special Retention Award Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated March 4, 2010 between CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. and Brett White + 
    
 8-K 
    
 001/32205 
    
 10.1 
    
 3/8/2010 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
    
 CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended + 
    
 10-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.1 
    
 3/25/2003 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8(a) 
    
 Second Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan of CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., dated June 2, 2008 + 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.1 
    
 6/6/2008 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8(b) 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan of CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., dated December 3, 2008 + 
    
 10-Q 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.3 
    
 5/11/2009 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
    
 CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 S-8 
    
 333-181235 
    
 99.1 
    
 5/8/2012 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 S-8 
    
 333-181235 
    
 99.2 
    
 5/8/2012 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.11 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 S-8 
    
 333-181235 
    
 99.3 
    
 5/8/2012 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.12 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 S-8 
    
 333-181235 
    
 99.4 
    
 5/8/2012 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.13 
    
 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.1 
    
 8/20/2013 
    
 
      164
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   SEC File No. 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filing Date 
    
   Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.14 
    
 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.2 
    
 8/20/2013 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.15 
    
 Form of Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the CBRE Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan + 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.3 
    
 8/20/2013 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.16 
    
 Transition Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2012, by and between CBRE, Inc., CBRE Group, Inc. and Brett White + 
    
 10-Q 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.5 
    
 8/9/2012 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.17 
    
 CBRE Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated effective April 15, 2012 + 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.1 
    
 3/12/2012 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.18 
    
 CBRE Services, Inc. 401(k) Plan, as Amended and Restated, effective January 1, 2011 
    
 10-Q 
    
 001-32205 
    
 10.1 
    
 11/09/2012 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.19 
    
 Nomination and Standstill Agreement between the Company and the ValueAct Group dated December 21, 2012 + 
    
 8-K 
    
 001-32205 
    
 99.1 
    
 12/26/2012 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   11 
    
 Statement concerning Computation of Per Share Earnings (filed as Note 18 of the Consolidated Financial Statements) 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   12 
    
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   21 
    
 Subsidiaries of CBRE Group, Inc. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   23.1 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to §302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to §302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   32 
    
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §1350, as adopted pursuant to §906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
      165
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
   
    
   Incorporated by Reference 
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
   Form 
    
   SEC File No. 
    
   Exhibit 
    
   Filing Date 
    
   Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
       In the
foregoing description of exhibits, references to CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. are to CBRE Group, Inc., references to CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc. are to CBRE Services, Inc., and references to CB Richard Ellis, Inc. are to CBRE, Inc., in each
case, prior to their respective name changes, which became effective October 3, 2011.      
 
 
 + 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory arrangement  
      166
 

 
 
 
