
 10-K
 1
 d733907d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 


 
  UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549    FORM 10-K       
     (Mark One)  
 ☒  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934            For the fiscal year ended June 28, 2019  
 OR    ☐ 
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    For the transition period from
                   to                     
 Commission File No.  001-31560   
 SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY    (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
 


 

 

 
 


 
 Ireland 
   
 98-0648577 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 38/39 Fitzwilliam Square    Dublin 2, Ireland
   (Address of principal executive offices)    D02
NX53    (Zip Code)    Registrant’s telephone
number, including area code:  (353) (1) 234-3136       
     Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 (b) of the Act:      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Trading Symbol(s) 
   
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 


 
 Ordinary Shares, par value $0.00001 per share 
   
 STX 
   
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  
     YES   ☒     NO   ☐     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  
     YES   ☐     NO   ☒     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.  
     YES   ☒     NO   ☐     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of  Regulation S-T  (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files).  
     YES   ☒     NO   ☐     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
a  non-accelerated  filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act.      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 ☒ 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ☐ 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ☐ 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ☐ 
 
 Emerging growth company 
   
 ☐ 
    
 
   
 
   If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   ☐   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in  Rule 12b-2  of the Act). 
     YES   ☐     NO   ☒     The aggregate market value of the voting and  non-voting 
ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates  of the registrant as of December 28, 2018, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately
$10.9 billion based upon the closing price reported for such date by the NASDAQ.    The number of outstanding ordinary shares of the registrant as of July 29,
2019 was 269,037,767.    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A relating to the
registrant’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on October 29, 2019, will be incorporated by reference in this Form  10-K  in response to Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III. The
definitive proxy statement will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the registrant’s fiscal year ended June 28, 2019.  
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Item 
   
   
   
 Page No. 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 PART I 
   
 
 
 
 
   1. 
   
   Business 
   
   
 3 
   
 
   1A. 
   
   Risk Factors 
   
   
 14 
   
 
   1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
   
 29 
   
 
   2. 
   
   Properties 
   
   
 30 
   
 
   3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
   
   
 30 
   
 
   4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
   
 30 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 PART II 
   
 
 
 
 
   5. 
   
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
 of Equity Securities 
   
   
 31 
   
 
   6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
   
   
 32 
   
 
   7. 
   
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 
   
   
 35 
   
 
   7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
   
 47 
   
 
   8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
   
 49 
   
 
   9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
   
   
 95 
   
 
   9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
   
   
 95 
   
 
   9B. 
   
   Other Information 
   
   
 95 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 PART III 
   
 
 
 
 
   10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
   
 96 
   
 
   11. 
   
   Executive Compensation 
   
   
 96 
   
 
   12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
 
   
   
 96 
   
 
   13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 
   
   
 96 
   
 
   14. 
   
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
   
   
 96 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 PART IV 
   
 
 
 
 
   15. 
   
   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
   
   
 97 
   
 
 
   
   EXHIBIT INDEX 
   
   
 98 
   
 
 
   
   SIGNATURES 
   
   
 107 
   
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION  
 In this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  (the  “Form 10-K”), 
unless the context indicates otherwise, as used herein, the terms “we,” “us,” “Seagate,” the “Company” and “our” refer to Seagate Technology public limited company (“plc”), an Irish public
limited company, and its subsidiaries. References to “$” are to United States dollars.    We have compiled the market size information in
this  Form 10-K  using statistics and other information obtained from several third-party sources.  
 Various amounts and percentages used in this  Form 10-K  have been rounded and, accordingly, they may not
total 100%.    Seagate, Seagate Technology, LaCie, Maxtor and the Spiral Logo, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Seagate Technology LLC or one
of its affiliated companies in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.  
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    Some of
the statements and assumptions included in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects, demand for our products, shifts in technology, estimates of industry growth, our ability to effectively manage our debt
obligations and our cash liquidity position, our restructuring efforts, the sufficiency of our sources of cash to meet our cash needs for the next 12 months, our expectations regarding capital expenditures, the potential impact of trade barriers or
regulatory actions, such as import/export duties and restrictions, tariffs and quotas imposed by the U.S. or other countries in which the Company conducts its business and changes in the regulatory regime governing the flow of data across
international borders for the fiscal year ended July 3, 2020. These statements identify prospective information and may include words such as “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,”
“believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “may,” “will” or negative of these words, variations of these words and comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based
on information available to the Company as of the date of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K  and are based on management’s current views and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are conditioned
upon and also involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements. Such risks,
uncertainties and other factors may be beyond our control and may pose a risk to our operating and financial condition. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the uncertainty in global economic and political conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the development and introduction of products based on new technologies and expansion into new data storage markets;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of competitive product announcements and unexpected advances in competing technologies or changes in market
trends;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of variable demand and an adverse pricing environment for storage products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the Company’s ability to achieve projected cost savings in connection with its restructuring plans and consolidation of
its manufacturing activities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the Company’s ability to effectively manage its debt obligations and comply with certain covenants in its credit
facilities with respect to financial ratios and financial condition tests, and maintain a favorable cash liquidity position;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the Company’s ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell its storage products, particularly new disk drive
products with lower cost structures, in increasing capacities on a cost-effective basis and with acceptable quality;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   possible excess industry supply both with respect to particular storage products and competing alternative storage
technology solutions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   disruptions to the Company’s supply chain or production capabilities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consolidation trends in the data storage industry;  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 1  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in interest rates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   currency fluctuations that may impact the Company’s margins, international sales and results of operations;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in the value of the Company’s investments and the associated investment income;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of trade barriers such as import/export duties and restrictions, tariffs and quotas, imposed by the U.S. or other
countries in which the Company conducts its business;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the evolving legal, regulatory and administrative climate in the international markets where the Company operates, including
changes in regulations relating to privacy and protection of data and environmental matters; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   cyber-attacks or other data breaches that disrupt the Company’s operations or result in the dissemination of
proprietary or confidential information and cause reputational harm, and the cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities associated with the Company’s infrastructure updates to its information technology systems.  
 Information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking
statements is also set forth in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K,  which we encourage you to carefully read. These forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date on which they were made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or circumstances after the date they were
made.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 2  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  PART I      
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
   BUSINESS  
 We are a leading provider of data storage technology and solutions. Our principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as disk drives, hard
drives or HDDs. In addition to HDDs, we produce a broad range of data storage products including solid state drives (“SSDs”), solid state hybrid drives (“SSHDs”) and storage subsystems.  
 Hard disk drives are devices that store digitally encoded data on rapidly rotating disks with magnetic surfaces. Disk drives continue to be the primary
medium of mass data storage due to their performance attributes, reliability, high quality and cost effectiveness. Complementing existing data center storage architecture, solid state drives use integrated circuit assemblies as memory to store data,
and most SSDs use NAND flash memory. In addition to HDDs and SSDs, SSHDs combine the features of SSDs and HDDs in the same unit, containing a high capacity hard disk drive and a smaller SSD acting as a cache to improve performance of frequently
accessed data.    Our HDD products are designed for nearline and mission critical applications in enterprise servers and storage systems; edge  non-compute  applications, where our products are designed for a wide variety of end user devices such as portable external storage systems, surveillance systems, network-attached storage (“NAS”), digital
video recorders (“DVRs”) and gaming consoles; and edge compute applications, where our products are designed primarily for desktop and mobile computing. Our SSD product portfolio is mainly comprised of Serial Attached SCSI
(“SAS”) and  Non-Volatile  Memory Express (“NVMe”) and is designed for applications in enterprise servers and storage systems.  
 Our enterprise data solutions (“EDS”) portfolio includes storage subsystems for enterprises, cloud service providers,  scale-out  storage servers and original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”).    Industry Overview  
 Data Storage Industry    The data storage industry
includes companies that manufacture components or subcomponents designed for data storage devices and companies that provide storage solutions, software and services for enterprise cloud, big data, computing platforms and consumer markets. The rapid
growth in data generation and the intelligent application of data are driving demand for data storage. As more data is created at endpoints outside traditional data centers and requires processing at the edge, the need for data storage and
management has also increased. Examples of this include autonomous vehicles, smart manufacturing systems and smart cities. We believe the proliferation and personal creation of media-rich digital content, further enabled by fifth-generation wireless
(“5G”), the edge, the Internet of things (“IoT”) and artificial intelligence (“AI”), will continue to create demand for higher capacity storage solutions. The new ecosystem is expected to require increasing amounts of
data storage both at the edge and in enterprises that store the data.    Markets  
 The principal data storage markets include:  
 Enterprise Storage.  We define enterprise storage as dedicated storage area networks and hyperscale cloud storage environments. Enterprise and
cloud data centers run solutions which are designed for nearline, mission critical and enterprise SSD applications.    Nearline applications are
defined as those which require high capacity and energy efficient storage solutions. We expect such applications, which include storage for cloud computing, content delivery and backup services, will continue to grow and drive exabyte demand.
Additionally, with the increased requirements for storage capacity and performance driven by the creation and consumption of media-rich content, we expect that the increased exabyte demand will require further buildout of data centers by cloud
service providers (“CSPs”) and other enterprises that use high-capacity nearline devices.    Mission critical applications are defined as
those that use high performance enterprise class HDDs and SSDs with sophisticated firmware. Enterprise storage is vital to the operation of large-scale enterprise workloads, requiring high performance and high reliability storage solutions. We
expect the market for mission critical enterprise storage solutions to continue to be driven by enterprises utilizing dedicated storage area networks.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 3  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Edge  Non-Compute.  We define edge  non-compute  applications as solutions designed primarily for consumer electronic devices that require a higher capacity, low
 cost-per-gigabyte  storage solution, including surveillance, NAS, DVRs and gaming. Consumer solutions support a variety of consumer and industrial needs with internal and
external storage solutions. Disk Drives for external storage are designed for purposes such as portable external storage, and to augment storage capacity in the consumer’s current desktop, notebook, tablet or mobile phone device.  
 Edge Compute.  We define edge compute applications as solutions designed for desktop and mobile compute applications ranging from traditional
laptops to convertible systems. Some edge compute applications rely less on  built-in  storage and instead rely on cloud storage for long-term archiving.  
 Enterprise Data Solutions.  We define enterprise data solutions as applications that provide  end-to-end  solutions to businesses for the purpose of modular systems and  scale-out  storage. Applications can contain HDDs and SSDs and may offer file management
systems, software and compute power, enabling both private and public clouds.    Participants in the data storage industry include:  
 Major subcomponent manufacturers.   Companies that manufacture components or subcomponents used in data storage devices or solutions include
companies that supply spindle motors, heads and media, and application specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”).    Storage device
manufacturers.   Companies that transform components into storage products include disk drive manufacturers and semiconductor storage manufacturers which integrate flash memory into storage products such as SSDs.  
 Storage solutions manufacturers and system integrators.   Companies, such as OEMs, that bundle and package storage solutions, distributors
that integrate storage hardware and software into  end-user  applications, CSPs that provide cloud based solutions to businesses for the purpose of  scale-out  storage
solutions and modular systems, and producers of solutions such as storage racks.    Hyperscale data centers.  Large hyperscale data center
companies, many of which are CSPs, are increasingly designing their own storage subsystems and having them built by contract manufacturers for use inside their own data centers. This trend is reshaping the storage system and subsystem market and
driving innovation in system design and changes in the competitive landscape of large storage system vendors.    Storage services. 
 Companies that provide and host services and solutions, which include storage, backup, archiving, recovery and discovery of data.    Demand for Data
Storage    The International Data Corporation (“IDC”) forecasted in its 2018  Digitization of the World  study that the global
datasphere will grow from 33 zettabytes in 2018 to 175 zettabytes by 2025. According to IDC, we are fast approaching a new era of the data age, which we expect will have a positive impact on storage demand. The digital transformation has given rise
to many new applications, all of which rely on faster access to and a secure storage of an increasing amount of data.    As more applications require
real-time decision making, more data processing and storage is moving near the edge of the network, which we believe will result in a buildup in private and edge cloud environments that will enable fast and secure access to data throughout the IoT
ecosystem.    Factors contributing to the growth of digital content include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Creation, sharing and consumption of media-rich content, such as high-resolution photos, high definition videos and digital
music through smart phones, tablets, digital cameras, personal video cameras, DVRs, gaming consoles or other digital devices;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Increasing use of video surveillance and the emergence of new surveillance systems which feature higher resolution digital
cameras and thus require larger data storage capacities;  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 4  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Creation and collection of data through the development and evolution of the IoT ecosystem, big data analytics, artificial
intelligence and new technology trends such as self-driving cars and drones, smart manufacturing, and smart cities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The growing need for analysis of and action upon data created at the edge instead of processing and analyzing such data at
data centers, which is particularly the case in verticals such as autonomous vehicles, property monitoring systems, smart manufacturing and others;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Continued advancement of the cloud, including the build out of large numbers of cloud data centers by CSPs and private
companies transitioning  on-site  data centers into the cloud; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Need for protection of increased digital content through redundant storage on backup devices and externally provided storage
services.    As a result of these factors, we anticipate that the nature and volume of content being created will require greater
storage capability, which is more efficiently and economically facilitated by higher capacity storage devices in order to store, aggregate, host, distribute, analyze, manage, protect, backup and use such content.  
 In addition, the economics of storage infrastructure are also evolving with the utilization of public and private hyperscale storage and open-source
solutions reducing the total cost of ownership of storage while increasing the speed and efficiency with which customers can leverage massive computing and storage devices. Accordingly, we expect these trends will continue to create significant
demand for data storage solutions going forward.    Demand Trends  
 We believe that continued growth in digital content creation requires increasingly higher storage capacity in order to store, aggregate, host, distribute,
analyze, manage, protect, back up and use such content. We also believe that as architectures evolve to serve the growing commercial and consumer user base throughout the world, the storage solutions will evolve as well.  
 We expect increased data creation will lead to the expansion of the need for storage in the form of HDDs, EDS and SSDs. While the advance of solid state
technology in many end markets is expected to increase, we believe that in the foreseeable future, cloud, traditional enterprise, edge  non-compute  and edge compute markets that require high-capacity storage
solutions will be best served by hard disk drives due to their ability to deliver the most cost effective, reliable and  energy-efficient  mass storage devices. We also believe that as hard disk drive capacities
continue to increase, a focus exclusively on unit demand does not reflect the increase in demand for exabytes. As demand for higher capacity drives increases, the demand profile has shifted to reflect fewer total HDD units, but with higher average
capacity per drive and higher overall exabyte demand.    Industry Supply Balance  
 From time to time, the storage industry has experienced periods of imbalance between supply and demand. To the extent that the storage industry builds or
maintains capacity based on expectations of demand that do not materialize, price erosion may become more pronounced. Conversely, during periods where demand exceeds supply, price erosion is generally muted.  
 Our Business    Data Storage Technologies  
 The design and manufacturing of HDDs depends on highly advanced technology and manufacturing techniques. Therefore, it requires high levels of research
and development spending and capital equipment investments. We design, fabricate and assemble a number of the most important components in our disk drives, including read/write heads and recording media. Our design and manufacturing operations are
based on technology platforms that are used to produce various disk drive products that serve multiple data storage applications and markets. Our core technology platforms, including upcoming innovations like the throughput-optimizing MACH.2 and the
high-capacity enabling heated-assisted magnetic reading (“HAMR”), are focused around the areal density of media and read/write head technologies. This design and manufacturing approach allows us to deliver a portfolio of disk drive
products to service a wide range of data storage applications and industries.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 5  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Disk drives that we manufacture are commonly differentiated by the following key characteristics:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   input/output operations per second (“IOPS”), commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the maximum
number of reads and writes to a storage location;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   storage capacity, commonly expressed in terabytes (“TB”), which is the amount of data that can be stored on the
disk drive;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   spindle rotation speed, commonly expressed in revolutions per minute (“RPM”), which has an effect on speed of
access to data;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   interface transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data moves between the disk
drive and the computer controller;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   average seek time, commonly expressed in milliseconds, which is the time needed to position the heads over a selected track
on the disk surface;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   data transfer rate, commonly expressed in megabytes per second, which is the rate at which data is transferred to and from
the disk drive;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   product quality and reliability, commonly expressed in annualized return rates; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   energy efficiency, commonly measured by the power output necessary to operate the disk drive.  
 Areal density is measured by storage capacity per square inch on the recording surface of a disk. The storage capacity of a disk drive is determined by
the size and number of disks it contains as well as the areal density capability of these disks.    We also offer SSDs as part of our storage solutions
portfolio. Our portfolio includes devices with SAS and NVMe interfaces. The SSDs differ from HDDs in that they are without mechanical parts.    SSDs
store data on NAND flash memory cells, or metal-oxide semiconductor transistors using a charge on a capacitor to represent a binary digit. SSD technology offers fast access to data and robust performance. SSDs complement mission-critical enterprise
applications, hyperscale applications, high-density data centers, cloud environments and web servers.    The SSHDs that we manufacture contain a
technology that fuses some features of SSDs and HDDs. They include high capacity HDDs with flash memory that acts as a cache to improve performance of frequently accessed data.  
 Manufacturing    We design and produce our own
read/write heads and recording media, which are critical technologies for disk drives. This integrated approach enables us to lower costs and to improve the functionality of components so that they work together efficiently.  
 We believe that because of our vertical design and manufacturing strategy, we are well suited to take advantage of the opportunities to leverage the
close interdependence of components for disk drives. Our manufacturing efficiency and flexibility are critical elements of our integrated business strategy. We continuously seek to improve our manufacturing efficiency and reduce manufacturing costs
by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   employing manufacturing automation;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   employing machine learning algorithms and artificial intelligence;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   improving product quality and reliability;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   integrating our supply chain with suppliers and customers to enhance our demand visibility and reduce our working capital
requirements;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   coordinating between our manufacturing group and our research and development organization to rapidly achieve volume
manufacturing; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   operating our facilities at optimal capabilities.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 6  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  A vertically integrated model, however, tends to have less flexibility when demand moderates as it
exposes us to higher unit costs when capacity utilization is not optimized.    Components and Raw Materials  
 Disk drives incorporate certain components, including a head disk assembly and a printed circuit board mounted to the head disk assembly, which are sealed
inside a rigid base and top cover containing the recording components in a contamination controlled environment. We maintain a highly integrated approach to our business by designing and manufacturing a significant portion of the components we view
as critical to our products, such as read/write heads and recording media.    Read/Write Heads.  The function of the read/write head is to scan
across the disk as it spins, magnetically recording or reading information. The tolerances of read/write heads are extremely demanding and require
 state-of-the-art  equipment and processes. Our read/write heads are manufactured with thin-film and photolithographic processes
similar to those used to produce semiconductor integrated circuits, though challenges related to magnetic film properties and topographical structures are unique to the disk drive industry. We perform all primary stages of design and manufacture of
read/write heads at our facilities. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced read/write heads, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels.  
 Media.  Data is written to or read from the media, or disk, as it rotates at very high speeds past the read/write head. The media is made from  non-magnetic  substrates, usually an aluminum alloy or glass and is coated with thin layers of magnetic materials. We use a combination of internally manufactured and externally sourced finished media and aluminum
substrates, the mix of which varies based on product mix, technology and our internal capacity levels. We purchase all of our glass substrates from third parties.  
 Printed Circuit Board Assemblies.  The printed circuit board assemblies (“PCBAs”) are comprised of standard and custom ASICs and
ancillary electronic control chips. The ASICs control the movement of data to and from the read/write heads and through the internal controller and interface, which communicates with the host computer. The ASICs and control chips form electronic
circuitry that delivers instructions to a head positioning mechanism called an actuator to guide the heads to the selected track of a disk where the data is recorded or retrieved. Disk drive manufacturers use one or more industry standard interfaces
such as serial advanced technology architecture (“SATA”), small computer system interface (“SCSI”), or SAS to communicate to the host systems.  
 Head Disk Assembly.  The head disk assembly consists of one or more disks attached to a spindle assembly powered by a spindle motor that rotates
the disks at a high constant speed around a hub. Read/write heads, mounted on an arm assembly, similar in concept to that of a record player, fly extremely close to each disk surface and record data on and retrieve it from concentric tracks in the
magnetic layers of the rotating disks. The read/write heads are mounted vertically on an  E-shaped  assembly  (“E-block”)  that is actuated by a voice-coil motor
to allow the heads to move from track to track. The  E-block  and the recording media are mounted inside the head disk assembly. We purchase spindle motors from outside vendors and from time to time participate
in the design of the motors that go into our products.    Disk Drive Assembly.  Following the completion of the head disk assembly, it is mated
to the PCBA, and the completed unit goes through extensive defect mapping and machine learning prior to packaging and shipment. Disk drive assembly and machine learning operations occur primarily at our facilities located in China and Thailand. We
perform subassembly and component manufacturing operations at our facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore, Thailand and the United States.  
 Contract Manufacturing.  We outsource the manufacturing and assembly of certain components and products to third parties in various countries
worldwide. This includes outsourcing the PCBAs used in our disk drives, SSDs and storage subsystems. We continue to participate in the design of our components and products and are directly involved in qualifying key suppliers and components used in
our products.    Suppliers of Components and Industry Constraints.  There are a limited number of independent suppliers of components, such as
recording heads and media, available to disk drive manufacturers. Vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers, who  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 7  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
manufacture their own components, are less dependent on external component suppliers than less vertically integrated disk drive manufacturers. However, our business has been adversely affected by
our suppliers’ capacity constraints in the past and this could occur again.    Commodity and Other Manufacturing Costs.  The production of
disk drives requires rare earth elements, precious metals, scarce alloys and industrial commodities, which are subject to fluctuations in price and the supply of which has at times been constrained. In addition to increased costs of components and
commodities, volatility in fuel costs may also increase our costs related to commodities, manufacturing and freight. As a result, we may increase our use of alternative shipment methods to help offset any increase in freight costs, and we will
continually review various forms of shipments and routes in order to minimize the exposure to higher freight costs.    Products  
 We offer a broad range of storage solutions for enterprise, data center, edge  non-compute  and edge compute
applications. We offer more than one product within each product category and differentiate products on the basis of capacity, performance, product quality, reliability, price, form factor, interface, power consumption efficiency, security features
and other customer integration requirements. Our industry is characterized by continuous and significant advances in technology which contribute to rapid product life cycles. Currently our product offerings include:  
 Enterprise Storage    Enterprise Capacity.
 Our enterprise capacity hard drives ship in  2.5-inch  and  3.5-inch  form factors and in storage capacities of up to 16TB. These products are designed for mass capacity
data storage, server environments and cloud systems that require high capacity, enterprise reliability, energy efficiency and integrated security. They are available in SATA and SAS interfaces. We also offer
 low-cost  storage options designed specifically for active archive storage environments.    Enterprise
Performance HDDs and SSDs.  We continue to support 10,000 and 15,000 RPM HDDs, which enable increased throughput and improve energy efficiency. Our enterprise SSDs are available in capacities up to 15TB with endurance options up to 10 drive
writes per day (“DWPD”) and various interfaces. Our SSDs deliver the speed and consistency needed for demanding enterprise storage and server applications.  
 Edge  Non-Compute  Applications  
 Surveillance.  Our surveillance HDDs are built to support the high-write workload of an  always-on, 
always-recording video surveillance system. These surveillance optimized drives are built to support the growing needs of the surveillance market with support for multiple streams and capacities up to 16TB.  
 NAS.  Our NAS drives are built to support the performance and reliability demanded by small and medium businesses, and incorporate interface
software with custom-built health management, error recovery controls, power settings and vibration tolerance. Our NAS HDD solutions are available in capacities up to 16TB.  
 Video.  Our Video HDDs are used in video applications like DVRs and media centers. These disk drives are optimized for video streaming in  always-on  applications with capacities up to 4TB to support leading-edge digital entertainment.    Gaming.
 Gaming HDDs are specifically optimized for console gaming usage. These products are designed to enhance the gaming experience during game-load and game-play and are available in capacities up to 8TB.  
 Consumer Solutions.  Our external storage solutions are shipped under the Seagate Backup Plus and Expansion product lines, as well as under the
LaCie and Maxtor brand names. These product lines are available in capacities up to 168TB. We strive to deliver the best customer experience, by leveraging our core technologies, offering services such as Seagate Recovery Services (data recovery)
and partnering with leading brands such as Xbox, Sony and Adobe.    Edge Compute Applications  
 Desktop HDDs.  Our  3.5-inch  desktop drives ship in both traditional HDD and SSHD configurations and
offer up to 14TB of capacity. Desktop drives are designed for applications such as personal computers and workstations.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 8  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Mobile HDDs.  Our  2.5-inch  laptop drives ship in a
variety of capacities (up to 5TB) and technologies (HDD and SSHD) to support mobile needs. Used in applications ranging from traditional laptops, convertible systems and external storage, our drives are built to address a range of performance needs
and sizes for affordable, high capacity storage.    Customers  
 We sell our products to major OEMs, distributors and retailers.  
 OEM customers, including large hyperscale data center companies, typically enter into master purchase agreements with us. These agreements provide for
pricing, volume discounts, order lead times, product support obligations and other terms and conditions including sales programs offered to promote selected products. Deliveries are scheduled only after receipt of purchase orders. In addition, with
limited lead-time, customers may defer most purchase orders without significant penalty. Anticipated orders from many of our customers have in the past failed to materialize or OEM delivery schedules have been deferred or altered as a result of
changes in their business needs.    Our distributors generally enter into  non-exclusive  agreements for the
resale of our products. They typically furnish us with a  non-binding  indication of their near-term requirements and product deliveries are generally scheduled accordingly. The agreements and related sales
programs typically provide the distributors with limited rights of return and price protection rights. In addition, we offer sales programs to distributors on a quarterly and periodic basis to promote the sale of selected products in the sales
channel.    Our retail channel consists of our branded storage products sold to retailers either by us directly or by our distributors. Retail sales
made by us or our distributors typically require greater marketing support, sales incentives and price protection periods.    See “Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data— Note 13.  B usiness Segment and Geographic Information ” contained in this report for a description of our major customers.  
 Competition    We compete primarily with manufacturers of hard
drives used in the enterprise, edge  non-compute  and edge compute applications and with other companies in the data storage industry that provide SSDs and EDS. Some of the principal factors used by customers to
differentiate among data storage solutions manufacturers are storage capacity, product performance, product quality and reliability, price per unit and price per terabyte, storage/retrieval access times, data transfer rates, form factor, product
warranty and support capabilities, supply continuity and flexibility, power consumption, total cost of ownership and brand. While different markets and customers place varying levels of emphasis on these factors, we believe that our products are
competitive with respect to many of these factors in the markets that we currently address.    Principal Competitors.  We compete with
manufacturers of storage solutions and the principal manufacturers in the data storage solution industry include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Seagate, selling the Seagate, LaCie and Maxtor brands;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Micron Technology, Inc.;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Samsung Electronics;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   SK hynix, Inc.;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Toshiba Memory Holdings Corporation;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Toshiba Corporation; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Western Digital Corporation, operating the Western Digital and Hitachi Global Storage Technologies subsidiaries and SanDisk.
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 9  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Price Erosion.  Historically, our industry has been characterized by price declines for data
storage products with comparable  capacity, performance and feature sets  (“like-for-like  products”). Price declines for  like-for-like  products (“price erosion”) tend to be more pronounced during periods of:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   economic contraction in which competitors may use discounted pricing to attempt to maintain or gain market share;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   few new product introductions when competitors have comparable or alternative product offerings; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   industry supply exceeding demand.  
 Data storage manufacturers typically attempt to offset price erosion with an improved mix of data storage products characterized by higher capacity,
better performance and additional feature sets and product cost reductions.    We believe the data storage industry experienced modest price erosion in
fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017.    Product Life Cycles and Changing Technology.  Success in our industry has been dependent to a large extent
on the ability to balance the introduction and transition of new products with  time-to-volume,  performance, capacity and quality metrics at a competitive price, level of
service and support that our customers expect. Generally, the drive manufacturer that introduces a new product first benefits from improved product mix, favorable profit margins and less pricing pressure until comparable products are introduced.
Changing technology also necessitates  on-going  investments in research and development, which may be difficult to recover due to rapid product life cycles and economic declines. Further, there is a continued
need to successfully execute product transitions and new product introductions, as factors such as quality, reliability and manufacturing yields continue to be of significant competitive importance.  
 Seasonality    The disk drive industry traditionally experiences
seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the second half of the calendar year. This seasonality is driven by consumer spending in the
 back-to-school  season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to winter. Beyond traditional seasonality, variability of sales can
be related to the timing of IT spending or a reflection of cyclical demand from CSPs based on the timing of their procurement and deployment requirements and the supply and demand balance of other components such as NAND and DRAM.  
 Research and Development    We are committed to developing new
component technologies, products and alternative storage technologies. Our research and development focus is designed to bring new products to market in high volume, with quality attributes that our customers expect, before our competitors. Part of
our product development strategy is to leverage a design platform and/or subsystem within product families to serve different market needs. This platform strategy allows for more efficient resource utilization, leverages best design practices,
reduces exposure to changes in demand, and allows for achievement of lower costs through purchasing economies. Our advanced technology integration effort focuses disk drive and component research on recording subsystems, including read/write heads
and recording media; market-specific product technology; and technology we believe may lead to new business opportunities. The primary purpose of our advanced technology integration effort is to ensure timely availability of mature component
technologies for our product development teams as well as to allow us to leverage and coordinate those technologies in the design centers across our products in order to take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace.  
 Patents and Licenses    As of June 28, 2019, we had
approximately 6,000 U.S. patents and 1,300 patents issued in various foreign jurisdictions as well as approximately 900 U.S. and 500 foreign patent applications pending. The number of patents and patent applications will vary at any given time as
part of our ongoing patent portfolio management activity. Due to the rapid technological change that characterizes the data storage industry, we believe that, in addition to patent protection, the improvement of existing products, reliance upon
trade secrets, protection of unpatented proprietary  know-how  and development of new products are also important to our business in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. Accordingly, we intend
to continue our efforts to broadly protect our intellectual property, including obtaining patents, where available, in connection with our research and development program.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 10  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The data storage industry is characterized by significant litigation arising from time to time relating
to patent and other intellectual property rights. From time to time, we receive claims that our products infringe patents of third parties. Although we have been able to resolve some of those claims or potential claims without a material adverse
effect on us, other claims have resulted in adverse decisions or settlements. In addition, other claims are pending, which if resolved unfavorably to us could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For more
information on these claims, see “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data— Note  14.   Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies .” The costs of engaging in intellectual property
litigation in the past have been, and in the future may be, substantial, irrespective of the merits of the claim or the outcome.    Backlog  
 In view of industry practice, whereby customers may cancel or defer orders with little or no penalty, we believe backlog for our business is of limited
indicative value in estimating future performance and results.    Environmental Matters  
 Our operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing discharges of
pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent and reduce air and water pollution,
and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities.    We have established environmental management systems
and continually update environmental policies and standard operating procedures for our operations worldwide. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits. We budget for
operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental laws. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures.  
 Some environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the “Superfund”
law) and its state equivalents, can impose liability for the cost of cleanup of contaminated sites upon any of the current or former site owners or operators or upon parties who sent waste to these sites, regardless of whether the owner or operator
owned the site at the time of the release of hazardous substances or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity. We have been identified as a responsible or potentially responsible party at several sites. At each of these sites, we have an
assigned portion of the financial liability based on the type and amount of hazardous substances disposed of by each party at the site and the number of financially viable parties. We have fulfilled our responsibilities at some of these sites and
remain involved in only a few at this time.    While our ultimate costs in connection with these sites are difficult to predict, based on current
estimates of cleanup costs and our expected allocation of these costs, we do not expect costs in connection with these sites to be material.    We may
be subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing environmental matters, including those restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic products. For example, the European Union (“EU”) has
enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, which prohibits the use of certain substances, including lead, in certain products, including disk drives and server storage products, put on
the market after July 1, 2006. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Taiwan, China, Japan and others. The European Union REACH Directive (Registration, Evaluation,
Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, EC 1907/2006) also restricts substances of very high concern (“SVHCs”) in products.    Employees  
 At June 28, 2019, we employed approximately 40,500 employees and temporary employees worldwide, of which approximately 33,500 were located in our
Asia operations. We believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees at all levels. We believe that our employee relations are good.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 11  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Financial Information  
 Financial information for our reportable business segment and about geographic areas is set forth in “Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data- Note  13. Business Segment and Geographic Information. ”    Corporate Information  
 Seagate Technology public limited company is a public limited company organized under the laws of Ireland.  
 Available Information    Availability of Reports.  We
are a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Exchange Act”), and we file reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
Because we make filings to the SEC electronically, the public may access this information at the SEC’s website: www.sec.gov. This site contains reports, proxies and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC.    Website Access.  Our website is www.seagate.com. We make available, free of charge at the “Investor
Relations” section of our website (investors.seagate.com), our Annual Reports on  Form 10-K,  Quarterly Reports on  Form 10-Q,  Current Reports on  Form 8-K  and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials
with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Reports of beneficial ownership filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the 1934 Exchange Act are also available on our website.  
 Investors.  Investors and others should note that we routinely use the Investor Relations section of our website to announce material information
to investors and the marketplace. While not all of the information that the Company posts on its corporate website is of a material nature, some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly, the Company encourages investors, the media and
others interested in the Company to review the information that it shares on www.seagate.com. Information in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated into this  Form 10-K.   
 Executive Officers    The following sets forth the name, age and
position of each of the persons who were serving as executive officers as of August 2, 2019. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Age 
   
    
   Positions 


 
   William D. Mosley 
    
   
 52 
   
    
   Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Gianluca Romano 
    
   
 50 
   
    
   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
   James J. Murphy (a) 
    
   
 60 
   
    
   Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing 
 
   Jeffrey D. Nygaard 
    
   
 55 
   
    
   Executive Vice President, Global Operations 
 
   Katherine E. Schuelke 
    
   
 56 
   
    
   Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary 
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Mr. Murphy is leaving the Company and will remain for an interim transition period until December 31, 2019.
   William D. Mosley, 52, has served as our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) since October 2017 and as a member of the Board
since July 25, 2017. He was previously our President and Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) from June 2016 to September 2017. He also served as our President of Operations and Technology from October 2013 to June 2016 and as our
Executive Vice President of Operations from March 2011 until October 2013. Prior to these positions, Dr. Mosley served as Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing from February 2009 through March 2011; Senior Vice President of Global Disk
Storage Operations from 2007 to 2009; and Vice President of Research and Development, Engineering from 2002 to 2007. He joined Seagate in 1996 as a Senior Engineer with a PhD in solid state physics. From 1996 to 2002, he served at Seagate in varying
roles of increasing responsibility until his promotion to Vice President.    Gianluca Romano, 50, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer since January 2019. From October 2011 to December 2018, Mr. Romano served as Corporate Vice President, Business Finance and Accounting at Micron Technology, Inc. Prior to his role at Micron, Mr. Romano served as Vice
President Finance, Corporate Controller at Numonyx, Inc. from 2008 to 2010. From 1994 until 2008, Mr. Romano held various finance positions at STMicroelectronics, most recently as Group Vice-President, Central & North Europe Finance
Director, Shared Accounting Services Director.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 12  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  James J. Murphy, 60, has served as our Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing since
January 2017. From 2003 to 2016, Mr. Murphy was employed by Western Digital Corporation where he served in a variety of executive leadership roles including President of Western Digital Corporation, Executive Vice President of Worldwide
Sales & Sales Operations, and Vice President of Asia Pacific sales. Mr. Murphy began his career with IBM in 1984 in the sales organization, where he held a number of sales roles with increasing responsibilities over a seven-year
period.    Jeffrey D. Nygaard, 55, has served as our Executive Vice President, Operations, Product Development and Technology Development since
November 2018. Mr. Nygaard also served as our Executive Vice President, Global Operations from October 2017 to November 2018; Senior Vice President, Global Operations and Supply Chain from March 2017 to October 2017; Senior Vice President,
Recording Head Operations from May 2013 to February 2017; Vice President Slider, HGA, HSA Operations from 2011 to April 2013; Vice President and Country Manager, Thailand and Penang Operations from 2009 to 2011; Vice President and Country Manager,
Thailand Operations and Asia Drive Engineering from 2006 to 2009; and Vice President, Product and Process Development from 2004 to 2006. From 1994 to 2006, Mr. Nygaard served in varying roles of increasing responsibilities in engineering at
Seagate until his promotion to Vice President. Mr. Nygaard began his career with Raytheon and IBM where he held positions as a design engineer and senior engineer.  
 Katherine E. Schuelke, 56, has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since June 2017. From 2011 to
January 2016, Ms. Schuelke was the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Altera Corporation (“Altera”). Prior to that, Ms. Schuelke was Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary at Altera from
2001 to 2011. At Altera, she held other positions of increasing responsibility from 1996 through 2001. Ms. Schuelke began her career at an international law firm.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 13  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
   RISK FACTORS  
 We operate in highly competitive markets and our failure to anticipate and respond to technological changes and other market developments, including
price, could harm our ability to compete .    We face intense competition in the data storage industry. Our principal sources of
competition include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   disk drive and SSD manufacturers, such as Micron Technology, Inc., Samsung Electronics, SK hynix, Inc., Toshiba Corporation,
Toshiba Memory Holdings Corporation and Western Digital Corporation; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   companies that provide storage subsystems and components to OEMs, including electronic manufacturing services
(“EMS”) and contract electronic manufacturing (“CEM”).    The markets for our data storage products are
characterized by technological change, which is driven in part by the adoption of new industry standards. These standards provide mechanisms to ensure technology component interoperability but they also hinder our ability to innovate or
differentiate our products. When this occurs, our products may be deemed commodities, which could result in downward pressure on prices.    We also
experience competition from other companies that produce alternative storage technologies such as flash memory, where increasing capacity, decreasing cost, energy efficiency and improvements in performance have resulted in increased competition with
our lower capacity, smaller form factor disk drives. Some customers for both enterprise and edge compute applications have adopted SSDs as an alternative to hard drives in certain applications. Further adoption of alternative storage technologies
may impact the competitiveness of our product portfolio and reduce our market share. Any resulting increase in competition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 In addition, the barriers to entry into our markets could be lowered, allowing large EMS and CEM companies that utilize general-purpose design skills to
enter our markets and reduce the value of our specialized research and design skills. If our markets become more commoditized and we fail to deliver innovative, alternative products to our customers or match the price declines or cost efficiencies,
we will have difficulty competing against the large EMS and CEM companies. This could result in lower profit margins or a loss of market share. Any significant decline in our market share in any of our principal markets would adversely affect our
results of operations.    We must plan our investments in our products and incur costs before we have customer orders or know about the market
conditions at the time the products are produced. If we fail to predict demand accurately for our products or if the markets for our products change, we may be unable to meet demand or we may have insufficient demand, which may materially adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations .    Our industry operates primarily on quarterly purchasing cycles, with most of
the orders typically coming at the end of each quarter. Our manufacturing process requires us to make significant product-specific investments in inventory each quarter for production in that quarter or a specific quarter in the future. As a result,
we incur inventory and manufacturing costs in advance of anticipated sales that may never materialize or that may be substantially lower than expected. If actual demand for our products is lower than the forecast, we may also experience higher
inventory carrying costs, manufacturing rework costs and product obsolescence. Conversely, if we underestimate demand, we may have insufficient inventory to satisfy demand and may have to forego sales.  
 Other factors that may affect our ability to anticipate or meet the demand for our products and adversely affect our results of operations include:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   competitive product announcements or technological advances that result in excess supply when customers cancel purchases in
anticipation of newer products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   variable demand resulting from unanticipated upward or downward pricing pressures;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to successfully qualify, manufacture and sell our data storage products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in our product mix, which may adversely affect our gross margins;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   manufacturing delays or interruptions, particularly at our manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland,
Singapore, Thailand or the United States;  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 14  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   limited access to components that we obtain from a single or a limited number of suppliers; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the cost of producing our products and the effective price of
our products to foreign consumers.    In addition, we derive a portion of our revenues in each quarter from a number of relatively
large orders. If one or more of our key customers decides to defer or cancel a purchase order or delay product acceptance in any given quarter, our revenues for that quarter may be significantly reduced and fall below our expectations. Conversely,
if one of our key customers unexpectedly increases its orders, we may be unable to produce the additional product volumes in a timely manner or take advantage of any overall increased market demand. This could damage our customer relationships and
reputation, which may adversely affect our results of operations.    Changes in demand for computer systems and storage subsystems may in the
future cause a decline in demand for our products .    Our products are components in computers, data storage systems and consumer
electronic devices. Historically, the demand for these products has been volatile. Unexpected slowdowns in demand for computers, storage subsystems or consumer electronic devices generally result in sharp declines in demand for our products.
Declines in consumer spending on the systems and devices that incorporate our products could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and on our financial condition and results of operations.  
 Sales to the edge compute market remain an important part of our business. This market, however, has been, and we expect it to continue to be, adversely
affected by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   announcements or introductions of major new operating systems or semiconductor improvements or shifts in consumer
preferences and behavior, such as the shift to tablet computers, smart phones, NAND flash memory or similar devices;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   longer product life cycles; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in macroeconomic conditions that cause consumers to spend less, such as the imposition of new tariffs and increased
laws and regulations.    We believe these announcements and introductions from time to time have caused consumers to defer or cancel
their purchases, making certain inventory obsolete. Whenever an oversupply of products in the market causes participants in our industry to have higher than anticipated inventory levels, we experience even more intense price competition from other
manufacturers than usual, which may materially adversely affect our financial results. We believe that the deterioration of demand for disk drives in the edge compute market has accelerated, and this deterioration may continue or further accelerate,
which could cause our operating results to suffer.    In addition, the demand for edge  non-compute  products is
volatile. This volatility may be exacerbated by competing alternative storage technologies, such as flash memory, which meet customers’ cost and capacity metrics. Unpredictable fluctuations in demand for our products or rapid shifts in demand
from our products to alternative storage technologies in new edge  non-compute  applications could materially adversely impact our future results of operations.  
 The Enterprise Storage market for disk drives has been adversely affected by the growth of the utilization of NAND flash memory in mission critical
applications. This deterioration of the Enterprise Storage disk drive market could cause our operating results to suffer. An acceleration of the pace of migration of the Enterprise Storage market to NAND flash memory products may materially
adversely affect our financial results.    We are dependent on our long-term investments to manufacture adequate products. Our investment decisions in
adding new assembly and test capacity require significant planning and lead-time, and a failure to accurately forecast demand for our products could cause us to over-invest or under-invest, which would lead to excess capacity, under-utilization
charges, impairments or loss of sales and revenue opportunities.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 15  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Our ability to increase our revenue and maintain our market share depends on our ability to
successfully introduce and achieve market acceptance of new products on a timely basis .    The markets for our products are characterized
by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and technology enhancements, uncertain product life cycles and changes in customer demand.  
 Historically, our results of operations have substantially depended upon our ability to be among the  first-to-market  with new data storage product offerings. We may face technological, operational and financial challenges in developing new products. In addition, our investments in new product development may
not yield the anticipated benefits. Our market share and results of operations in the future may be adversely affected if we fail to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consistently maintain our  time-to-market 
performance with our new products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   produce these products in adequate volume;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   qualify these products with key customers on a timely basis by meeting our customers’ performance and quality
specifications; or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   achieve acceptable manufacturing yields, quality and costs with these products.  
 Accordingly, we cannot accurately determine the ultimate effect that our new products will have on our results of operations. Our failure to accurately
anticipate customers’ needs and accurately identify the shift in technological changes could materially adversely affect our long-term financial results.  
 In addition, the limited number of high-volume OEMs magnifies the potential effect of missing a product qualification opportunity. If the delivery of our
products is delayed, our OEM customers may use our competitors’ products to meet their production requirements.    We cannot assure you that we
will be among the leaders in  time-to-market  with new products or that we will be able to successfully qualify new products with our customers in the future. If our new
products are not successful, our future results of operations may be adversely affected.    If our products do not keep pace with technological
changes, our results of operations will be adversely affected .    Our customers demand new generations of storage products as advances in
computer hardware and software have created the need for improved storage products, with features such as increased storage capacity, enhanced security, improved performance and reliability and lower cost. We, and our competitors, have developed
improved products, and we will need to continue to do so in the future. If we are unable to develop new products, identify business strategies and timely introduce competitive product offerings to meet technological shifts, our business and results
of operations may be adversely affected.    When we develop new products with higher capacity and more advanced technology, our results of operations
may decline because the increased difficulty and complexity associated with producing these products increases the likelihood of reliability, quality or operability problems. If our products experience increases in failure rates, are of low quality
or are not reliable, customers may reduce their purchases of our products, our factory utilization may decrease and our manufacturing rework and scrap costs and our service and warranty costs may increase. In addition, a decline in the reliability
of our products may make it more difficult for us to effectively compete with our competitors.    Additionally, we may be unable to produce new
products that have higher capacities and more advanced technologies in the volumes and timeframes that are required to meet customer demand. We are transitioning to key areal density recording technologies that use HAMR technology to increase HDD
capacities. If our transitions to more advanced technologies, including the transition to HDDs utilizing HAMR technology, require development and production cycles that are longer than anticipated or if we otherwise fail to implement new HDD
technologies successfully, we may lose sales and market share, which could significantly harm our financial results.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 16  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations and our investments to meet
our liquidity requirements, including servicing our indebtedness .    Our business may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to
meet our liquidity requirements, including working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, investments, servicing our indebtedness and other general corporate requirements. If we cannot fund our liquidity requirements, we may
have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, product development efforts, investments and other general corporate expenditures. We cannot assure you that any of these remedies would, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at
all, or that they would permit us to meet our obligations.    We are leveraged and require significant amounts of cash to service our debt. Our debt
and debt service requirements could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities and reduce our options for capital allocation. Our high level of debt presents
the following risks:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt,
thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances and other general corporate requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our substantial leverage increases our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions
and could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our
industry and could limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow more money for operations or capital in the future and implement our business strategies;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working capital, capital
expenditures, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances and other general corporate requirements; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   covenants in our debt instruments limit our ability to pay future dividends or make other restricted payments and
investments.    In addition, in the event that we need to refinance all or a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures or incur additional debt
to fund our operations, we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as the terms of our existing debt or refinance our existing debt at all. If prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the
interest expense relating to the refinanced debt would increase. Furthermore, if any rating agency changes our credit rating or outlook, our debt and equity securities could be negatively affected, which could adversely affect our ability to
refinance existing debt or raise additional capital.    We may not be successful in our efforts to grow our EDS and SSD revenues .
   We have made and continue to make investments to grow our EDS and SSD revenues. Our ability to grow EDS and SSD revenues is subject to the
following risks:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we may be unable to accurately estimate and predict data center capacity and requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we may not be able to offer compelling solutions to enterprises and consumers; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our cloud systems revenues generally have a longer sales cycle, and growth is likely to depend on relatively large customer
orders, which may increase the variability of our results of operations and the difficulty of matching revenues with expenses.    Our
results of operations and share price may be adversely affected if we are not successful in our efforts to grow our revenues as anticipated. In addition, our growth in these markets may bring us into closer competition with some of our customers or
potential customers, which may decrease their willingness to do business with us.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 17  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Changes in the macroeconomic environment may in the future negatively impact our results of
operations .    Changes in macroeconomic conditions may affect consumer and enterprise spending, and as a result, our customers may
postpone spending in response to volatility in credit and equity markets, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, all of which may have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products. Other factors that could
have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and on our financial condition and results of operations include conditions in the labor market, healthcare costs, access to credit, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors
affecting consumer spending behavior.    Macroeconomic developments such as the pending withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union,
slowing economies in parts of Asia and South America or increased tariffs between the U.S. and China, Mexico and other countries could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition which, in turn, could adversely affect
the price of our ordinary shares. A general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment in government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce their IT budgets
or be unable to fund data storage systems, which could cause customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products or cause customers not to pay us or to delay paying us for previously purchased products and services.  
 Our quarterly results of operations fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period, and may cause our share price to decline .
   Our quarterly revenue and results of operations may fluctuate, sometimes significantly, from period to period. These fluctuations, which we
expect to continue, may be precipitated by a variety of factors, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   uncertainty in global economic and political conditions which may pose a risk to the overall economy and adversely affect
our customers’ purchasing behavior;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adverse changes in the level of economic activity in the major regions in which we do business;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   competitive pressures resulting in lower selling prices by our competitors which may shift demand away from our products
toward those of our competitors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   delays or problems in our introduction of new, more cost-effective products, the inability to achieve high production yields
or delays in customer qualification or initial product quality issues;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in purchasing patterns of our customers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   application of new or revised industry standards;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   disruptions in our supply chain;      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   increased costs or adverse changes in availability of supplies of raw materials or components;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of corporate restructuring activities that we have and may continue to engage in;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in the demand for the computer systems and data storage products that contain our products due to seasonality,
economic conditions and other factors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   shifting trends in customer demand which, when combined with overproduction of particular products, particularly when the
industry is served by multiple suppliers, results in unfavorable supply and demand imbalances;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our high proportion of fixed costs, including research and development expenses;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   any impairments in goodwill or other long-lived assets;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   announcements of new products, services or technological innovations by us or our competitors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in tax laws, regulatory requirements, including export regulations or tariffs, or accounting standards; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adverse changes in the performance of our products.  
 As a result, we believe that  quarter-to-quarter  and year-over-year
comparisons of our revenue and results of operations may not be meaningful, and that these comparisons may not be an accurate indicator of our future performance. Our results of operations in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the
expectations of investment research analysts or investors, which could cause an immediate and significant decline in our market value.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 18  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  We experience seasonal declines in the sales of our products during the second half of our fiscal
year which may adversely affect our results of operations .    Sales of computers, storage subsystems and consumer electronic devices tend
to be seasonal, and therefore, we expect to continue to experience seasonality in our business as we respond to variations in our customers’ demand for our products. In particular, we anticipate that sales of our products will continue to be
lower during the second half of our fiscal year. In the edge compute and edge  non-compute  market applications of our data storage business, this seasonality is partially attributable to the historical trend of
our customers’ increased sales of desktop computers, notebook computers and consumer electronics during the  back-to-school  and winter holiday season. In the
enterprise storage market, our sales are seasonal because of the capital budgeting and purchasing cycles of our end users. We also experience seasonal reductions in the business activities of our customers during the summer months, particularly in
Europe, and the impact of international holidays like Chinese New Year, typically result in lower earnings during those periods. Since our working capital needs peak during periods in which we are increasing production in anticipation of orders that
have not yet been received, our results of operations will fluctuate seasonally even if the forecasted demand for our products proves accurate. Furthermore, it is difficult for us to evaluate the degree to which this seasonality may affect our
business in future periods because of the rate and unpredictability of product transitions and new product introductions, particularly in the edge  non-compute  market, as well as macroeconomic conditions.  
 We have a long and unpredictable sales cycle for enterprise data storage solutions, which impairs our ability to accurately predict our financial and
operating results in any periods and may adversely affect our ability to forecast the need for investments and expenditures .    Our
enterprise data storage solutions are technically complex and we typically supply them in high quantities to a small number of customers. Many of our products are also tailored to meet the specific requirements of individual customers, and are often
integrated by our customers into the systems and products that they sell. Factors that affect the length of our sales cycle include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the time required for developing, testing and evaluating our products before they are deployed;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the size of the deployment; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the complexity of system configuration necessary to deploy our products.  
 As a result, our sales cycle for enterprise data storage solutions is often in excess of one year and frequently unpredictable. Given the length of
development and unpredictability of the sales cycle, we may be unable to accurately forecast product demand, which may result in lost sales or excess inventory and associated inventory reserves or write-downs, each of which could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations.    We may be adversely affected by the loss of, or reduced, delayed or canceled purchases by, one or
more of our key customers .    Some of our key customers account for a large portion of our revenue. While we have long-standing
relationships with many of our customers, if any of our key customers were to significantly reduce their purchases from us, our results of operations would be adversely affected. Although sales to key customers may vary from period to period, a key
customer that permanently discontinues or significantly reduces its relationship with us could be difficult to replace. In line with industry practice, new key customers usually require that we pass a lengthy and rigorous qualification process at
the customer’s expense. Accordingly, it may be difficult or costly for us to attract new key customers.    Additionally, if there is consolidation
among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect our profitability. Furthermore, if, as a result of increased leverage, customer pressures
require us to reduce our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, it might not be feasible to sell our products to a particular customer, which could result in a decrease in our revenue. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead
to reduced demand for our products, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could adversely affect our operating results. If a significant transaction involving any
of our key customers results in the loss of or reduction in purchases by these key customers, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 19  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  We are dependent on sales to distributors and retailers, which may increase price erosion and the
volatility of our sales .    A substantial portion of our sales has been to distributors of disk drive products. Certain of our
distributors may also market other products that compete with our products. Product qualification programs in this distribution channel are limited, which increases the number of competing products that are available to satisfy demand, particularly
in times of lengthening product cycles. As a result, purchasing decisions in this channel are based largely on price, terms and product availability. Sales volumes through this channel are also less predictable and subject to greater volatility than
sales to our OEM customers. In addition, deterioration in business and economic conditions could exacerbate price erosion and volatility as distributors lower prices to compensate for lower demand and higher inventory levels. Our distributors’
ability to access credit for purposes of funding their operations may also affect purchases of our products by these customers. If distributors reduce their purchases of our products or prices decline significantly in this distribution channel or if
distributors experience financial difficulties or terminate their relationships with us, our revenues and results of operations would be adversely affected.  
 In addition, retail sales of our consumer solutions traditionally experience seasonal variability in demand with higher levels of demand in the first
half of our fiscal year driven by consumer spending in the  back-to-school  season from late summer to fall and the traditional holiday shopping season from fall to
winter. Our ability to reach such consumers depends on us maintaining effective working relationships with major retailers and distributors. Failure to anticipate consumer demand for our branded solutions as well as an inability to maintain
effective working relationships with retail and online distributors may adversely impact our future results of operations.    Our international
sales and manufacturing operations subject us to risks that may adversely affect our business related to disruptions in foreign markets, currency exchange fluctuations, longer payment cycles, potential adverse tax consequences, increased costs, our
customers’ credit and access to capital, health-related risks, investment risks, tariffs, privacy and protection of data and access to personnel .  
 We have significant sales and manufacturing operations in foreign countries, including manufacturing facilities, sales personnel and customer support
operations. We have manufacturing facilities in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore and Thailand, in addition to those in the United States. Additionally, the manufacturing of some of our products is concentrated in certain geographical
locations. The production of certain drive subassemblies are limited to Thailand and the production of media is limited to Singapore. Disruptions in the economic, environmental, political, legal or regulatory landscape in these countries may have a
material adverse impact on our manufacturing operations.    Our international operations are subject to economic risks inherent in doing business in
foreign countries, including the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Disruptions in Foreign Markets.  Disruptions in financial markets and the deterioration of the underlying economic
conditions in the past in some countries, including those in Asia, United Kingdom and the European Union have had an impact on our sales to customers located in, or whose  end-user  customers are located in,
these countries.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Fluctuations in Currency Exchange Rates.  Prices for our products are denominated predominantly in U.S. dollars, even
when sold to customers that are located outside the United States. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside of the U.S. where we sell in dollars. This could
adversely impact our sales and market share in such areas or increase pressure on us to lower our price, and adversely impact our profit margins. A weakened dollar could increase the effective cost of expenses such as payroll, utilities, tax and
marketing expenses, as well as overseas capital expenditures. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may attempt to manage the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes by, among other
things, entering into foreign currency forward exchange contracts which could be designated as cash flow hedges or not designated as hedging instruments. In addition, our hedges may be ineffective, may expire and not be renewed or may not offset any
or more than a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from currency variations. The hedging activities may not cover our full exposure, subject us to certain counterparty credit risks and may impact our results of operations. See
“Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk— Foreign Currency Exchange Risk ” of this report for additional information about our foreign currency exchange risk.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 20  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Longer Payment Cycles.  Our customers outside of the United States are sometimes allowed longer time periods for
payment than our U.S. customers. This increases the risk of nonpayment due to the possibility that the financial condition of particular customers may worsen during the course of the payment period.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Potential Adverse Tax Consequences.  Our international operations create a risk of potential adverse tax consequences,
including imposition of withholding or other taxes on payments by our subsidiaries. In addition, our taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax
authorities as being on an arm’s length basis. Due to inconsistencies in application of the arm’s length standard among taxing authorities, as well as a lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax
authorities could, if successful, substantially increase our income tax expense. We are subject to tax audits around the world, and are under audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income tax against us.
Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our recorded income tax provisions and accruals. The ultimate results of an audit could have a material adverse effect on
our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made and could result in increases to our overall tax expense in subsequent periods. In light of the ongoing fiscal challenges many countries are facing,
various levels of government are increasingly focused on tax reform and other legislative action to increase tax revenue. In addition, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting recommendations
are reshaping international tax rules in numerous countries. These actual and potential changes in the relevant tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals along with potential changes in accounting and other laws, regulations, administrative
practices, principles and interpretations could increase the risk of double taxation, cause increased tax audit activity, and could impact our effective tax rate.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Increased Costs.  The shipping and transportation costs associated with our international operations are typically
higher than those associated with our U.S. operations, resulting in decreased operating margins in some foreign countries. Volatility in fuel costs, political instability or constrained in air transportation may lead us to develop alternative
shipment methods, which could disrupt our ability to receive raw materials in, or ship finished product from and as a result our business and operating results may be harmed.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit and Access to Capital Risks.  Our international customers could have reduced access to working capital due to
higher interest rates, reduced bank lending resulting from contractions in the money supply or the deterioration in the customer’s or its bank’s financial condition or the inability to access other financing.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global Health Outbreaks.  The occurrence of a pandemic disease may adversely impact our operations and some of our key
customers. Such diseases could also potentially disrupt the timeliness and reliability of the distribution network we rely on.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Privacy and Protection of Data . Our business is subject to a number of laws, rules and regulations in the countries
where we operate pertaining to the collection, processing, security, use, retention and transfer information about our customers, consumers and employees. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation, which is in effect in the European Union
(“EU”), applies to our operations. In the U.S., numerous federal and state laws, rules and regulations apply to our data handling practices. For example, California recently enacted legislation, the California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”) which will, among other things, require new disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers new abilities to  opt-out  of certain sales of personal information when it goes into
effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA was amended in September 2018, and it is unclear whether this legislation will be modified again or how it will be interpreted. The effects of this legislation potentially are wide-ranging and may require us
to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. Additionally, other states in the U.S. have proposed or enacted similar laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection.
Laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy and data protection evolve frequently and their scope may continually change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation and changes in enforcement, and may be inconsistent from one
jurisdiction to another. Compliance with various laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy and data protection may require us to change our data practices, which could result in increased costs, require significant changes to our business and
operations and otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Violations of privacy or data protection laws could result in adverse effects on our business and results of operations including damage to our brand and
reputation, significant financial penalties and liability, governmental investigations and proceedings, and unanticipated changes to our data handling and processing practices.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 21  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Access to Personnel.  There is substantial competition for qualified and capable personnel in certain jurisdictions in
which we operate, including the U.S., Thailand, China and Singapore, which may make it difficult for us to recruit and retain qualified employees in sufficient numbers. The reductions in workforce that result from our historical restructurings have
made and may continue to make it difficult for us to recruit and retain personnel. Increased difficulty in recruiting or retaining sufficient and adequate personnel in our international operations may lead to increased manufacturing and employment
compensation costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations.    Our business is subject to various laws,
regulations and governmental policies that may cause us to incur significant expense .    Our business is subject to regulation under a
wide variety of U.S. federal and state and  non-U.S.  laws, regulations and policies. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and policies will not be changed in ways that will require us to modify our
business model and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs or prohibiting them outright. In particular, legislative, regulatory or other areas of
significance for our businesses that U.S. and  non-U.S.  governments have focused and continue to focus on include antitrust and competition law, improper payments, data privacy and sovereignty, currency
exchange controls that could restrict the movement of liquidity from particular jurisdictions, trade controls or tariffs on imports and exports in the U.S. or other countries, complex economic sanctions and the enactment of U.S. tax reform and
potential further changes to tax laws may have an effect on our corporate structure, operations, sales, liquidity, capital requirements, effective tax rate and performance. In China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland, Singapore and Thailand, in which we
have significant operating assets, and the European Union have exercised and continue to exercise significant influence over many aspects of their domestic economies including, but not limited to, fair competition, tax practices, anti-corruption,
anti-trust, price controls and international trade.    In addition, regulation or government scrutiny may impact the requirements for marketing our
products and slow our ability to introduce new products, resulting in an adverse impact on our business. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or
agents will not violate these or other applicable laws, rules and regulations to which we may be subject. Violations of these laws and regulations could lead to significant penalties, restraints on our export or import privileges, monetary fines,
government investigations, disruption of our operating activities, damage to our reputation and corporate brand, criminal proceedings and regulatory or other actions that could materially adversely affect our results of operations. The political and
media scrutiny surrounding a governmental investigation for the violation of such laws, even if an investigation does not result in a finding of violation, could cause us significant expense and collateral consequences, including reputational harm,
that could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.    Changes in U.S. trade policy, including the
imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations .  
 The U.S. government has adopted a new approach to trade policy including in some cases to renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing
bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements. The U.S. government has also imposed tariffs on certain foreign goods, including information and communication technology products. These measures may materially increase costs for goods imported into the
United States. This in turn could require us to materially increase prices to our customers which may reduce demand, or, if we are unable to increase prices to adequately address any tariffs, quotas or duties result in lowering our margin on
products sold. Changes in U.S. trade policy have resulted in, and could result in more, U.S. trading partners adopting responsive trade policies, including imposition of increased tariffs, quotas or duties, making it more difficult or costly for us
to export our products to those countries. The implementation of a border tax, tariff or higher customs duties on our products manufactured abroad or components that we import into the U.S., or any potential corresponding actions by other countries
in which we do business, could negatively impact our financial performance.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 22  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  We could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability including
legal and regulatory consequences, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences if we encounter cyber-attacks, ransomware or other cyber security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the dissemination of proprietary or
confidential information about us or our customers or other third parties .    Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect
our computer equipment and the electronic data stored in our databases. We manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. As our operations become more automated and increasingly
interdependent, our exposure to the risks posed by storage and maintenance of data will increase. The measures we have implemented to secure our computer equipment and electronic data may be vulnerable to employee error, hacking, malfeasance, system
error or other irregularities and may not be sufficient for all eventualities. The insurance coverage we maintain that is intended to address certain data security risks, may be insufficient to cover all types of claims or losses that may arise. We
have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, cyber-attacks or other computer-related attempts to breach the information technology (“IT”) systems we use for these purposes. We may also be
subject to IT system failures and network disruptions due to these factors. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security, misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of
third-parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security
vulnerabilities of our products. Such attempts are increasing in technical sophistication, number and ability to evade detection or to obscure such activities. Although we take steps to protect against and detect such attempts, our efforts may not
be sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third-parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including “bugs” and other
problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system.    The costs to us to eliminate or address the foregoing security problems
and security vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. System redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our remediation efforts may not
be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. We could lose existing or potential
customers for outsourcing services or other IT solutions in connection with any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products. Some of our products contain encryption and other measures to protect third-party content stored on our
products. Such measures may be compromised, breached or circumvented by sophisticated attackers and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information may occur. Breaches of our security measures and the unapproved
dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers or other third-parties, could expose us, our vendors and customers or other third-parties affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information,
result in litigation or governmental investigations and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business. Failure to meet our contractual obligations to promote information security with certain customers
may result in liability, including additional costs, indemnification claims, litigation and damage to our brand and reputation. In addition, we rely in certain limited capacities on third-party data management providers whose possible security
problems and security vulnerabilities may have similar effects on us. Our business, brand and reputation could also be adversely affected by media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities in our products, network or processes, even if
unsubstantiated.    We are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the U.S., U.K., EU and other countries relating to the collection, use, and
security of user data. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiaries, and among us, our subsidiaries and other parties with which we have commercial
relations. Our ability to execute transactions and to possess and use personal information and data in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that may require us to notify vendors, customers or employees of a data
security breach. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, or contractual obligations. These laws,
protocols and standards continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing international requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business
practices. If we fail to comply with applicable federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection laws we may be subject to proceedings by governmental entities and incur penalties, significant legal liability or reputational harm.
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 23  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  We must successfully maintain and upgrade our IT systems, and our failure to do so could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations .    From time to time, we expand and improve our
IT systems to support our business going forward. Consequently, we are in the process of implementing, and will continue to invest in and implement, modifications and upgrades to our IT systems and procedures, including making changes to legacy
systems or acquiring new systems with new functionality, and building new policies, procedures, training programs and monitoring tools. These types of activities subject us to inherent costs and risks associated with changing and acquiring these
systems, including capital expenditures, additional operating expenses, demands on management time and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to or integrating new systems into our current systems. These implementations,
modifications and upgrades may not result in productivity improvements at a level that outweighs the costs of implementation, or at all. In addition, difficulties with implementing new technology systems, delays in our timeline for planned
improvements, significant system failures or our inability to successfully modify our IT systems to respond to changes in our business needs may cause disruptions in our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.    If we experience shortages or delays in the receipt of, or cost increases in, critical
components, equipment or raw materials necessary to manufacture our products, we may suffer lower operating margins, production delays and other material adverse effects .  
 The cost, quality and supply of components, subassemblies, certain equipment and raw materials used to manufacture our products and key components like
recording media and heads are critical to our success. The equipment we use to manufacture our products and components is frequently custom made and comes from a few suppliers and the lead times required to obtain manufacturing equipment can be
significant. Particularly important for our products are components such as read/write heads, substrates for recording media, ASICs, spindle motors, printed circuit boards, suspension assemblies and NAND flash memory.  
 We rely on sole suppliers or a limited number of suppliers for some or all of these components that we do not manufacture, including substrates for
recording media, read/write heads, ASICs, spindle motors, printed circuit boards, suspension assemblies and NAND flash memory. Many of such component suppliers are geographically concentrated which makes our supply chain more vulnerable to regional
disruptions such as severe weather, acts of terrorism and an unpredictable geopolitical climate which may have a material impact on the production and availability of many components. If our vendors for these components are unable to meet our cost,
quality and supply requirements, continue to remain financially viable or fulfill their contractual commitments and obligations, we could experience a shortage in supply or an increase in production costs, which would materially adversely affect our
results of operations.    Certain rare earth elements are critical in the manufacture of our products. We purchase components that contain rare earth
elements from a number of countries, including China. We cannot predict whether any nation will impose regulations or trade barriers including tariffs, duties, quotas or embargoes upon the rare earth elements incorporated into our products that
would restrict the worldwide supply of such metals or increase their cost. We have experienced increased costs and production delays when we were unable to obtain the necessary equipment or sufficient quantities of some components, and/or have been
forced to pay higher prices or make volume purchase commitments or advance deposits for some components, equipment or raw materials that were in short supply in the industry in general. Further, if our customers experience shortages of components or
materials used in their products it could result in a decrease in demand for our products and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. If any major supplier were to restrict the supply available to us or increase the cost of the rare
earth elements used in our products, we could experience a shortage in supply or an increase in production costs, which would adversely affect our results of operations.  
 From time to time, we may be subject to litigation, government investigations or governmental proceedings, which may adversely impact our results of
operations and financial condition .    From time to time, we may be involved in various legal, regulatory or administrative
investigations, negotiations or proceedings arising in the normal course of business. In the event of litigation, government investigations or governmental proceedings, we are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties that may result if
outcomes differ from our expectations. In the event of adverse outcomes in any litigation, investigation or government proceeding, we could be required to pay substantial damages, fines or penalties and cease certain practices or activities, which
could materially harm our business.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 24  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The costs associated with litigation and government investigations can also be unpredictable depending
on the complexity and length of time devoted to such litigation or investigation. Litigation, investigations or government proceedings may also divert the efforts and attention of our key personnel, which could also harm our business.  
 If we do not control our fixed costs, we will not be able to compete effectively in our industry .  
 We continually seek to make our cost structure and business processes more efficient. We are focused on increasing workforce flexibility and scalability,
and improving overall competitiveness by leveraging our global capabilities, as well as external talent and skills, worldwide. Our strategy involves, to a substantial degree, increasing revenue and exabytes volume while at the same time controlling
operating expenses. If we do not control our operating expenses, our ability to compete in the marketplace may be impaired. In the past, activities to reduce operating costs have included closures and transfers of facilities, significant personnel
reductions, restructuring efforts and efforts to increase automation. Our restructuring efforts may not yield the intended benefits and may be unsuccessful or disruptive to our business operations which may materially adversely affect our financial
results.    Consolidation among component manufacturers has resulted and may continue to result in some component manufacturers exiting the
industry or not making sufficient investments to develop new components .    If there is a shortage of, or delay in supplying us with,
critical components, equipment or raw materials, then:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   it is likely that our suppliers would raise their prices and, if we could not pass these price increases to our customers,
our operating margin would decline;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we may have to reengineer some products, which would likely cause production and shipment delays, make the reengineered
products more costly and provide us with a lower rate of return on these products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we would likely have to allocate the components we receive to certain of our products and ship less of others, which could
reduce our revenues and could cause us to lose sales to customers who could purchase more of their required products from manufacturers that either did not experience these shortages or delays or that made different allocations; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we may be late in shipping products, causing potential customers to make purchases from our competitors, thus causing our
revenue and operating margin to decline.    We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain critical components in a timely and
economic manner. Many of our suppliers’ manufacturing facilities are fully utilized. If they fail to invest in capacity or in the required timeframe, such failure would have an impact on our ability to ramp new products, and may result in a
loss of revenue or market share if our competitors did not utilize the same components and were not affected.    We often aim to lead the market in new
technology deployments and leverage unique and customized technology from single source suppliers who are early adopters in the emerging market. Our options in supplier selection in these cases are limited and the supplier based technology may
consequently be single sourced until wider adoption of the technology occurs and any necessary licenses become available. In such cases, any technical issues in the supplier’s technology may cause us to delay shipments of our new technology
deployments and harm our financial position.    If revenues fall or customer demand decreases significantly, we may not meet all of our purchase
commitments to certain suppliers .    From time to time, we enter into long-term,  non-cancelable 
purchase commitments or make large  up-front  investments with certain suppliers in order to secure certain components or technologies for the production of our products or to supplement our internal
manufacturing capacity for certain components. If our actual revenues in the future are lower than our projections or if customer demand decreases significantly below our projections, we may not meet all of our purchase commitments with these
suppliers. As a result, it is possible that our revenues will not be sufficient to recoup our  up-front  investments, in which case we will have to shift output from our internal manufacturing facilities to
these suppliers or make penalty-type payments under the terms of these contracts. Additionally, because our markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, we face inventory and other asset risks in the event we
do not fully utilize firm purchase commitments.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 25  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The loss of key executive officers and employees could negatively impact our business
prospects .    Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of key members of management as well as
marketing, sales and product development personnel. The loss of one or more of our key personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We believe our future success will also depend in
large part upon our ability to attract, retain and further motivate highly skilled management, marketing, sales and product development personnel. We have experienced intense competition for personnel, and we cannot assure you that we will be able
to retain our key employees or that we will be successful in attracting, assimilating and retaining personnel in the future.    Due to the
complexity of our products, some defects may only become detectable after deployment .    Our products are highly complex and are designed
to operate in and form part of larger complex networks and storage systems. Our products may contain a defect or be perceived as containing a defect by our customers, as a result of improper use or maintenance. Lead times required to manufacture
certain components are significant, and a quality excursion may take significant time and resources to remediate. Defects in our products, third-party components or in the networks and systems of which they form a part, directly or indirectly, have
resulted in and may in the future result in:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increased costs and product delays until complex solution level interoperability issues are resolved;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   costs associated with the remediation of any problems attributable to our products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   loss of or delays in revenues;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   loss of customers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   failure to achieve market acceptance and loss of market share;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increased service and warranty costs; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increased insurance costs.  
 Defects in our products could also result in legal actions by our customers for property damage, injury or death. Such legal actions, including but not
limited to product liability claims could exceed the level of insurance coverage that we have obtained. Any significant uninsured claims could significantly harm our financial condition.  
 We may pursue strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures and investment opportunities that involve risks that could adversely affect our
results of operations .    From time to time, we pursue strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures and investments in other
companies that are complementary to our business. There is substantial competition for attractive strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture and investment candidates. Therefore, we may not be able to identify suitable strategic alliances,
acquisition, joint venture, or investment candidates. Even if we can identify them, the terms on which we are able to consummate a transaction may not be commercially reasonable for us to pursue. We cannot assure you that we will be able to partner
with, acquire or invest in suitable candidates, or integrate acquired technologies or operations successfully into our existing technologies and operations. Moreover, our ability to finance potential strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures
or investments may be limited by our leverage level, the covenants contained in the instruments that govern our outstanding indebtedness, and any agreements governing any other debt we may incur. In addition, our cash reserves could diminish
significantly as a result of any acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or other investments we pursue. Even if we are successful in forming strategic alliances or acquiring, forming joint ventures with or making investments in other
companies, we cannot be certain that we will realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of any strategic alliance, acquisition, joint venture or investment that we pursue.  
 Political events, war, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues and other circumstances could materially adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition .    War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, natural disasters, public health issues and other
business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on our business, our suppliers, logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and
customers. Our business  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 26  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters such as floods and earthquakes, fires, power or water shortages, terrorist attacks, other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health
issues and other events beyond our control. Such events may decrease demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible for us to make and deliver products to our customers or to receive components from our suppliers, and create delays and
inefficiencies in our supply chain. In the event of a natural disaster, losses and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations and our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. Should
major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, we could be negatively affected by stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions,
delays in production ramps of new products and disruptions in our operations and some of our key customers.    Failure to comply with applicable
environmental laws and regulations, customer requirements and regulations regarding conflicts minerals and other laws and regulations applicable to our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition .    The sale and manufacturing of products in certain states and countries may subject us and our suppliers to state,
federal and international laws and regulations governing protection of the environment, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of
contaminated sites, restrictions on the presence of certain substances in electronic products and the responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or recycling. We endeavor to ensure that we and our suppliers comply with all applicable
environmental laws and regulations, however, compliance may increase our operating costs and otherwise impact future financial results. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on us in the future, we could incur additional operating
costs and capital expenditures. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws, regulations, initiatives, or standards of conduct, our customers may refuse to purchase our products and we could be subject to fines, penalties and possible
prohibition of sales of our products into one or more states or countries, liability to our customers and damage to our reputation, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  
 SEC rules require certain disclosures regarding the use of specified minerals, or conflict minerals that are necessary to the functionality or production
of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. These rules could affect our ability to source, directly or indirectly, certain materials used in our products at competitive prices and could impact the availability of certain minerals
used in the manufacture of our products, including gold, tantalum, tin and tungsten. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers of “conflict free” minerals, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict free
minerals in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Our customers, including our OEM customers, may require that our products be free of conflict minerals, and our revenues and margins may be harmed if we are unable to procure conflict free
minerals at a reasonable price, or at all, or are unable to pass through any increased costs associated with meeting these demands. We may also face challenges with government regulators and our customers and suppliers if we are unable to
sufficiently verify that the metals used in our products are conflict free. Furthermore, our customers and manufacturing stakeholders may place increased demands on our compliance framework which may in turn negatively impact our relationships with
our suppliers. If we are unable to comply with requirements regarding the use of conflict and other minerals, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected.  
 Any cost reduction initiatives that we undertake may not deliver the results we expect, and these actions may adversely affect our
business .    From time to time, we engage in restructuring plans that may result in workforce reduction and consolidation of our real
estate facilities and our manufacturing footprint. In addition, management will continue to evaluate our global footprint and cost structure, and additional restructuring plans are expected to be formalized. As a result of our restructuring, we may
experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, disruptions to our operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. Additionally, global footprint consolidation and reduction in excess capacity may result in us being unable
to respond to increases in forecasted volume of customer demand and loss of revenue opportunity if our competitors have underutilized factories. Any cost-cutting measures could impact employee retention. In addition, we cannot be sure that the cost
reduction and global footprint consolidation will be successful in reducing our overall expenses as we expect or that additional costs will not offset any such reductions or global footprint consolidation. If our operating costs are higher than we
expect or if we do not maintain adequate control of our costs and expenses, our results of operations may be adversely affected.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 27  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards might be limited .
   The use of a portion of our U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards is subject to annual limitations pursuant to U.S. tax law.
Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code generally impose annual limitations on the amount of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards that might be used to offset taxable income when a corporation has undergone significant
changes in ownership. As a result, future changes in ownership could put further limitations on the availability of our net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards. See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 7.
 Income Taxes ” contained in this report for, among other things, a description of current net operating loss and tax credit carryforward limitations.  
 We are at times subject to intellectual property legal proceedings and claims which could cause us to incur significant additional costs or prevent
us from selling our products, and which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition .    We are subject from  time-to-time  to legal proceedings and claims, including claims of alleged infringement of the patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights of third parties by
us, or our customers, in connection with their use of our products. Intellectual property litigation can be expensive and time-consuming, regardless of the merits of any claim, and could divert our management’s attention from operating our
business. In addition, intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the complexity of the technical issues involved, which may cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Patent litigation has
increased due to the current uncertainty of the law and the increasing competition and overlap of product functionality in the field. Some of the actions that we face from
 time-to-time  seek injunctions against the sale of our products and/or substantial monetary damages, which if granted or awarded, could materially harm our business,
financial condition and operating results.    We cannot be certain that our products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other intellectual
property rights of others. We may not be aware of currently filed patent applications that relate to our products or technology. If patents are later issued on these applications, we may be liable for infringement. If our products were found to
infringe the intellectual property rights of others, we could be required to pay substantial damages, cease the manufacture, use and sale of infringing products in one or more geographic locations, expend significant resources to develop  non-infringing  technology, discontinue the use of specific processes or obtain licenses to the technology infringed. We might not be able to obtain the necessary licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, or be able
to reengineer our products successfully to avoid infringement. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from selling our products, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
See “Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data-Note 14.  Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies ” contained in this report for a description of pending intellectual property proceedings.  
 We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations .    We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and licensing
arrangements to protect our intellectual property rights. In the past, we have been involved in significant and expensive disputes regarding our intellectual property rights and those of others, including claims that we may be infringing patents,
trademarks and other intellectual property rights of third-parties. We expect that we will be involved in similar disputes in the future.    There can
be no assurance that:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   any of our existing patents will continue to be held valid, if challenged;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   patents will be issued for any of our pending applications;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will have sufficient scope or strength to protect us;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our patents will be issued in the primary countries where our products are sold in order to protect our rights and potential
commercial advantage;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we will be able to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information through confidentiality agreements with our
customers, suppliers and employees and through other security measures; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   others will not gain access to our trade secrets.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 28  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  In addition, our competitors may be able to design their products around our patents and other
proprietary rights. Enforcement of our rights often requires litigation. If we bring a patent infringement action and are not successful, our competitors would be able to use similar technology to compete with us. Moreover, the defendant in such an
action may successfully counter sue us for infringement of their patents or assert a counterclaim that our patents are invalid or unenforceable.  
 Furthermore, we have significant operations and sales in foreign countries where intellectual property laws and enforcement policies are often less
developed, less stringent or more difficult to enforce than in the United States. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we will be able to protect our intellectual property rights in jurisdictions outside the United States.  
 The price of our ordinary shares may be volatile and could decline significantly .  
 The market price of our ordinary shares has experienced price fluctuations and could be subject to wide fluctuations in the future. The market price of
our ordinary shares may fluctuate significantly in response to several factors including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   general uncertainty in stock market conditions occasioned by global economic conditions and negative financial news
unrelated to our business or industry;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the timing and amount of our share repurchases;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   announcements of innovations, new products or significant price reductions by us or our competitors, including those
competitors who offer alternative storage technology solutions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our failure to meet our guidance or the performance estimates of investment research analysts;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the timing of announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts or acquisitions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   significant announcements by or changes in financial condition of a large customer, if any;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   general stock market conditions;      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   the occurrence of major catastrophic events;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in financial estimates by investment research analysts;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   actual or anticipated changes in the credit ratings of our indebtedness by rating agencies; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the sale of our ordinary shares held by certain equity investors or members of management.  
 Market price fluctuations of our ordinary shares could impact the value of our equity compensation, which could affect our ability to recruit and retain
employees. In addition, in the past, following periods of decline in the market price of a company’s securities, class action lawsuits have often been pursued against that company. If similar litigation were pursued against us, it could result
in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.  
 Any decision to reduce or discontinue the payment of cash dividends to our shareholders or the repurchase of our ordinary shares pursuant to our
previously announced share repurchase program could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline significantly .    Although
historically we have announced regular cash dividend payments and a share repurchase program, we are under no obligation to pay cash dividends to our shareholders in the future at historical levels or at all or to repurchase our ordinary shares at
any particular price or at all. The declaration and payment of any future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and our previously announced share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Our payment of
quarterly cash dividends and the repurchase of our ordinary shares pursuant to our share repurchase program are subject to, among other things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital and regulatory
requirements, market and economic conditions, our ordinary share price and other factors. Any reduction or discontinuance by us of the payment of quarterly cash dividends or the repurchase of our ordinary shares pursuant to our share repurchase
program could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline significantly. Moreover, in the event our payment of quarterly cash dividends or repurchases of our ordinary shares are reduced or discontinued, our failure to resume such
activities at historical levels could result in a persistent lower market valuation of our ordinary shares.      
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
 None.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 29  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
 ITEM 2. 
   PROPERTIES  
 Our principal executive offices are located in Ireland. Our principal manufacturing facilities are located in China, Malaysia, Northern Ireland,
Singapore, Thailand and the United States. Our principal product development facilities are located in California, Colorado, Minnesota and Singapore. Our leased facilities are occupied under leases that expire on various dates through 2082.  
 Our main material manufacturing, product development and marketing and administrative facilities at June 28, 2019 are as follows:  
   
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
   Location 
    
   Building(s) 
 Owned or Leased 
    
 Approximate Square Footage 
   
    
   Primary Use 


 
 United States 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   California 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 554,000 
   
    
 Product development, marketing and administrative and operational offices 
 
   Colorado 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 528,000 
   
    
 Product development 
 
   Minnesota 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 1,096,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of recording heads and product development 
 
   Europe 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Northern Ireland 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Springtown 
    
 Owned 
    
   
 479,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of recording heads 
 
   Asia 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   China 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Wuxi 
    
 Leased 
    
   
 704,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of drives and drive subassemblies 
 
   Malaysia 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Johor 
    
 Owned (1) 
    
   
 631,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of substrates 
 
   Singapore 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Woodlands 
    
 Owned/Leased (1) 
    
   
 1,511,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of media 
 
   Ayer Rajah 
    
 Owned (1) 
    
   
 410,000 
   
    
 Product development 
 
   Thailand 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
   Korat 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 2,731,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of drives and drive subassemblies 
 
   Teparuk 
    
 Owned/Leased 
    
   
 422,000 
   
    
 Manufacture of drive subassemblies 
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Land leases for these facilities expire on various dates through 2068.  
 As of June 28, 2019, we owned or leased a total of approximately 11.0 million square feet of space worldwide. The 11.0 million square feet
of owned or leased space includes a total of 1.3 million square feet that is currently unoccupied. Substantially all of this unoccupied space relates to owned facilities that are being actively marketed for disposition. We believe that our
existing properties are in good operating condition and are suitable for the operations for which they are used.      
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
 See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 14.  Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies .”  
   
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 Not applicable.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 30  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  PART II      
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
   Market Information    Our ordinary
shares trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “STX.”    As of July 29, 2019, there were approximately 561 holders of
record of our ordinary shares. We did not sell any of our equity securities during fiscal year 2019 that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
 Performance Graph    The performance graph below shows the
cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares for the period from June 27, 2014 to June 28, 2019. This is compared with the cumulative total return of the Dow Jones US Computer Hardware Index and the Standard &
Poor’s 500 Stock Index (“S&P 500”) over the same period. The graph assumes that on June 27, 2014, $100 was invested in our ordinary shares and $100 was invested in each of the other two indices, with dividends reinvested on
the date of payment without payment of any commissions. Dollar amounts in the graph are rounded to the nearest whole dollar. The performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future
performance.    COMPARISON OF 60 MONTH  
 CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*    Among Seagate
Technology plc, The S&P 500 Index    And The Down Jones US Computer Hardware Index  
         


 
      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 6/27/2014 
   
    
 7/3/2015 
   
    
 7/1/2016 
   
    
 6/30/2017 
   
    
 6/29/2018 
   
    
 6/28/2019 
   


 
   Seagate Technology plc 
    
 $ 
   100.00 
   
    
 $ 
 88.99 
   
    
 $ 
 53.45 
   
    
 $ 
 81.70 
   
    
 $ 
 114.86 
   
    
 $ 
   103.67 
   
 
   S&P 500 
    
   
 100.00 
   
    
   
   107.36 
   
    
   
   110.67 
   
    
   
   128.04 
   
    
   
   144.43 
   
    
   
 157.30 
   
 
   Dow Jones US Computer Hardware 
    
   
 100.00 
   
    
   
 122.81 
   
    
   
 98.01 
   
    
   
 145.23 
   
    
   
 183.74 
   
    
   
 192.41 
   
     
 
 
 * 
   $100 invested on 6/27/2014 in stock and in indices, including reinvestment of dividends.  
 Copyright  ©  2019 Bloomberg Finance L.P. All rights reserved.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 31  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Dividends  
 Our ability to pay dividends in the future will be subject to, among other things, general business conditions within the data storage industry, our
financial results, the impact of paying dividends on our credit ratings and legal and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends by our subsidiaries to us or by us to our ordinary shareholders, including restrictions imposed by covenants
on our debt instruments.    Repurchases of Our Equity Securities  
 On October 29, 2018, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $2.3 billion of our outstanding ordinary shares and as a
result, we had an aggregate authority to repurchase approximately $3.0 billion of its ordinary shares. As of June 28, 2019, $2.2 billion remained available for repurchase under the existing repurchase authorization limits. All
repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with our Articles of Association. There is no expiration date on our repurchase authorizations.  
 The following table sets forth information with respect to all repurchases of our shares made during the fiscal year ended June 28, 2019, including
shares withheld for statutory tax withholdings related to vesting of employee equity awards:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
 (In millions, except average price paid per share) 
   
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
   
   
 Average Price Paid per
 Share  (1) 
   
   
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
   
   
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs  (1) 
   


 
   1st Quarter through 3rd Quarter of Fiscal Year 2019 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 $ 
 45.74 
   
   
   
 14 
   
   
 $ 
 2,544 
   
 
   March 30, 2019 through April 26, 2019 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,544 
   
 
   April 27, 2019 through May 24, 2019 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 46.32 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 2,421 
   
 
   May 25, 2019 through June 28, 2019 
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 44.57 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 2,190 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Through 4th Quarter of Fiscal Year 2019 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 $ 
 2,190 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   Repurchase of shares including tax withholdings.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 6. 
   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
 The following selected consolidated financial data set forth below is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations, and should be read in
conjunction with “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto included in “Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K,  which are incorporated herein by reference, to fully understand factors that may affect the comparability of the information
presented below.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 32  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the fiscal years ended June 28, 2019,
June 29, 2018 and June 30, 2017, and the Consolidated Balance Sheets data as of June 28, 2019 and June 29, 2018, are derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.  The Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the fiscal years ended July 1, 2016 and July 3, 2015, and the Consolidated Balance Sheets data at June 30, 2017, July 1, 2016
and July 3, 2015, are derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements that are not included in this Annual Report on  Form 10-K.   
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   
    
 July 3, 2015 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 10,390 
   
    
 $ 
 11,184 
   
    
 $ 
 10,771 
   
    
 $ 
 11,160 
   
    
 $ 
 13,739 
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 2,932 
   
    
   
 3,364 
   
    
   
 3,174 
   
    
   
 2,615 
   
    
   
 3,809 
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 1,487 
   
    
   
 1,634 
   
    
   
 1,054 
   
    
   
 445 
   
    
   
 2,058 
   
 
   Net income (a) 
    
   
 2,012 
   
    
   
 1,182 
   
    
   
 772 
   
    
   
 248 
   
    
   
 1,742 
   
 
   Total assets (b) 
    
   
 8,885 
   
    
   
 9,410 
   
    
   
 9,268 
   
    
   
 8,213 
   
    
   
 9,801 
   
 
   Total debt (b) 
    
   
 4,253 
   
    
   
 4,819 
   
    
   
 5,021 
   
    
   
 4,091 
   
    
   
 4,111 
   
 
   Equity 
    
 $ 
 2,162 
   
    
 $ 
 1,665 
   
    
 $ 
 1,364 
   
    
 $ 
 1,593 
   
    
 $ 
 3,018 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 7.13 
   
    
 $ 
 4.10 
   
    
 $ 
 2.61 
   
    
 $ 
 0.83 
   
    
 $ 
 5.38 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 7.06 
   
    
   
 4.05 
   
    
   
 2.58 
   
    
   
 0.82 
   
    
   
 5.26 
   
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 282 
   
    
   
 288 
   
    
   
 296 
   
    
   
 299 
   
    
   
 324 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 285 
   
    
   
 292 
   
    
   
 299 
   
    
   
 302 
   
    
   
 331 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared per ordinary share 
    
 $ 
 2.52 
   
    
 $ 
 2.52 
   
    
 $ 
 2.52 
   
    
 $ 
 2.43 
   
    
 $ 
 2.05 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The Company recorded an income tax benefit of $640 million for fiscal year 2019. The Company’s fiscal year 2019
income tax benefit included a net tax benefit of $761 million primarily associated with the release of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets driven by improvements in its profitability outlook in the U.S., including its efforts to
structurally and operationally align its EDS business with the rest of the Company.  
 
 
 (b) 
   The Company adopted ASU  2015-03,  Interest—Imputation of interest: Simplifying
the presentation of debt issuance costs, in fiscal year 2017 on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this guidance resulted in a reduction to Other assets, net and Long-term debt previously disclosed as of the fiscal years ended 2015 and 2016 by
$44 million and $39 million, respectively, within the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Supplementary Financial Data (Unaudited)  
 Quarterly Data    The Company operated and reported
financial results based on  13-week  quarters in fiscal years 2019 and 2018, which ended on the Friday closest to September 30, December 31, March 31 and June 30.  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year 2019 Quarters Ended 
   
 
   (In millions, except per share data) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 March 29, 2019 
   
    
 December 28, 2018 
   
    
 September 28, 2018 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 2,371 
   
    
 $ 
 2,313 
   
    
 $ 
 2,715 
   
    
 $ 
 2,991 
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 624 
   
    
   
 601 
   
    
   
 794 
   
    
   
 913 
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 332 
   
    
   
 236 
   
    
   
 416 
   
    
   
 503 
   
 
   Net income  (a) 
    
   
 983 
   
    
   
 195 
   
    
   
 384 
   
    
   
 450 
   
 
   Net income per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 3.57 
   
    
 $ 
 0.69 
   
    
 $ 
 1.35 
   
    
 $ 
 1.57 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 3.54 
   
    
   
 0.69 
   
    
   
 1.34 
   
    
   
 1.54 
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 33  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year 2018 Quarters Ended 
   
 
   (In millions, except per share data) 
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 March 30, 2018 
   
    
 December 29, 2017 
   
    
 September 29, 2017 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 2,835 
   
    
 $ 
 2,803 
   
    
 $ 
 2,914 
   
    
 $ 
 2,632 
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 904 
   
    
   
 847 
   
    
   
 877 
   
    
   
 736 
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 505 
   
    
   
 441 
   
    
   
 433 
   
    
   
 255 
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 461 
   
    
   
 381 
   
    
   
 159 
   
    
   
 181 
   
 
   Net income per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.61 
   
    
 $ 
 1.33 
   
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
 $ 
 0.62 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 1.57 
   
    
   
 1.31 
   
    
   
 0.55 
   
    
   
 0.62 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   The Company recorded an income tax benefit of $692 million in the quarter ended June 28, 2019. The
Company’s quarter ended June 28, 2019 income tax benefit included a net tax benefit of $761 million primarily associated with the release of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets driven by improvements in its profitability
outlook in the U.S., including its efforts to structurally and operationally align its EDS business with the rest of the Company.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 34  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
 ITEM 7. 
   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 The following is a discussion of the Company’s financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal years
ended June 28, 2019, June 29, 2018 and June 30, 2017.    You should read this discussion in conjunction with “Item 6.
Selected Financial Data” and “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form  10-K.  Except as noted, references to any fiscal year mean
the twelve-month period ending on the Friday closest to June 30 of that year. Accordingly, fiscal year 2019 comprised 52 weeks and ended on June 28, 2019. Fiscal year 2018 comprised 52 weeks and ended on June 29, 2018. Fiscal
year 2017 comprised 52 weeks and ended on June 30, 2017. Fiscal year 2020 will be comprised of 53 weeks and will end on July 3, 2020. Fiscal year 2026 will also be comprised of 53 weeks and will end on July 3, 2026.  
 Our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is provided in addition to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our MD&A is organized as follows:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Fiscal Year 2019 Summary.  Overview of financial and other highlights affecting us in fiscal year 2019.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Results of Operations.  Analysis of our financial results comparing fiscal years 2019 and 2018 to the prior-year
periods.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources.  Analysis of changes in our balance sheets and cash flows, and discussion of our
financial condition including potential sources of liquidity.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Contractual Obligations and  Off-Balance  Sheet Arrangements.  Overview of
contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments outstanding as of June 28, 2019 and an explanation of  off-balance  sheet arrangements.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Critical Accounting Estimates.  Accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the
assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   For an overview of our business, see “Part I—Item 1. Business— Overview .”  
 Fiscal Year 2019 Summary    During fiscal year 2019, we shipped
347 exabytes of HDD storage capacity. We generated revenue of $10.4 billion and gross margins of 28% and our operating cash flow was $1.8 billion. We received $1.3 billion from Toshiba Memory Holdings Corporation (“TMHC”,
formerly known as “K.K. Pangea”) for the redemption of all of the outstanding shares of  non-convertible  preferred stock of TMHC held by us. We repurchased approximately 21 million of our
ordinary shares for $963 million, paid $819 million for the repurchase of certain of our outstanding debt and paid $713 million in dividends. We entered into a new senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “2019 Revolving
Credit Facility”) and have $1.5 billion available as of June 28, 2019.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 35  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Results of Operations  
 We list in the tables below summarized information from our Consolidated Statements of Operations by dollar amounts and as a percentage of revenue:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
   10,390 
   
    
 $ 
   11,184 
   
    
 $ 
   10,771 
   
 
   Cost of revenue 
    
   
 7,458 
   
    
   
 7,820 
   
    
   
 7,597 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 2,932 
   
    
   
 3,364 
   
    
   
 3,174 
   
 
   Product development 
    
   
 991 
   
    
   
 1,026 
   
    
   
 1,232 
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
    
   
 453 
   
    
   
 562 
   
    
   
 606 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 53 
   
    
   
 104 
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
    
   
 (22 
 )  
    
   
 89 
   
    
   
 178 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 1,487 
   
    
   
 1,634 
   
    
   
 1,054 
   
 
   Other expense, net 
    
   
 (115 
 )  
    
   
 (216 
 )  
    
   
 (239 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 1,372 
   
    
   
 1,418 
   
    
   
 815 
   
 
   (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
    
   
 (640 
 )  
    
   
 236 
   
    
   
 43 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
   
    
 $ 
 1,182 
   
    
 $ 
 772 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
   
 June 29, 2018 
   
   
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
   Cost of revenue 
    
   
 72 
   
   
   
 70 
   
   
   
 71 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 28 
   
   
   
 30 
   
   
   
 29 
   
 
   Product development 
    
   
 10 
   
   
   
 9 
   
   
   
 11 
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
    
   
 4 
   
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 5 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 14 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 10 
   
 
   Other expense, net 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 13 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 8 
   
 
   (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 36  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The following table summarizes information regarding consolidated revenue by channel and geography, HDD
price per terabyte and HDD exabytes shipped:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
   
 June 29, 2018 
   
   
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Revenue by Channel (%) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   OEMs 
    
   
 70 
 %  
   
   
 70 
 %  
   
   
 70 
 %  
 
   Distributors 
    
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Retailers 
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
 
   Revenue by Geography (%)  (1) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 19 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 47 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   HDD Price per Terabyte 
    
 $ 
 30 
   
   
 $ 
 33 
   
   
 $ 
 41 
   
 
   HDD Exabytes Shipped 
    
   
 347 
   
   
   
 338 
   
   
   
 263 
   
         
 
 
 (1) 
   Revenue is attributed to countries based on the bill from location.  
 Fiscal Year 2019 Compared to Fiscal Year 2018    Revenue
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 10,390 
   
    
 $ 
 11,184 
   
    
 $ 
 (794 
 )  
    
   
 (7 
 )%  
   Revenue in fiscal year 2019 decreased approximately 7% or $0.8 billion, from fiscal year 2018, primarily due to less
favorable market conditions during the first half of the fiscal year and price erosion, partially offset by an increase in exabytes shipped.    Cost of
Revenue and Gross Margin      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
   
 June 29, 2018 
   
   
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Cost of revenue 
    
 $ 
 7,458 
   
   
 $ 
 7,820 
   
   
 $ 
 (362 
 )  
    
   
 (5 
 )%  
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 2,932 
   
   
   
 3,364 
   
   
   
 (432 
 )  
    
   
 (13 
 )%  
 
   Gross margin percentage 
    
   
 28 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   For fiscal year 2019, gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased compared to the prior fiscal year due to price
erosion partially offset by improved product mix.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 37  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Operating Expenses      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Product development 
    
 $ 
 991 
   
    
 $ 
 1,026 
   
    
 $ 
 (35 
 )  
    
   
 (3 
 )%  
 
   Marketing and administrative 
    
   
 453 
   
    
   
 562 
   
    
   
 (109 
 )  
    
   
 (19 
 )%  
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 53 
   
    
   
 (30 
 )  
    
   
 (57 
 )%  
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
    
   
 (22 
 )  
    
   
 89 
   
    
   
 (111 
 )  
    
   
 (125 
 )%  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating expenses 
    
 $ 
   1,445 
   
    
 $ 
   1,730 
   
    
 $ 
 (285 
 )  
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   Product Development Expense.  Product development expenses for fiscal year 2019 decreased by $35 million from
fiscal year 2018 primarily due to a $38 million decrease in variable compensation expense, partially offset by a $5 million increase in other employee benefits.  
 Marketing and Administrative Expense.  Marketing and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2019 decreased by $109 million from fiscal year
2018 primarily due to a $27 million decrease in salaries and related benefits as a result of the restructuring of our workforce in prior periods, a $44 million decrease in other general expenses due to related operational efficiencies, a
$24 million decrease in variable compensation expense and a $14 million decrease in share-based compensation expense.    Amortization of
Intangibles.  Amortization of intangibles for fiscal year 2019 decreased by $30 million, as compared to fiscal year 2018, due to certain intangible assets reaching the end of their useful lives.  
 Restructuring and Other, net.  Restructuring and other, net for fiscal year 2019 was comprised primarily of a $75 million net gain from the
sale of a certain property partially offset by charges related to a voluntary early exit program.    Restructuring and other, net for fiscal year 2018
was comprised primarily of restructuring charges to reduce our workforce by approximately 1,100 employees. Restructuring and other, net also included a gain of $25 million from the sale of certain properties during fiscal year 2018.  
 Other expense, net      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Other expense, net 
    
 $ 
 (115 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (216 
 )  
    
 $ 
 101 
   
    
   
 (47 
 )%  
   Other expense, net for fiscal year 2019 decreased by $101 million, as compared to fiscal year 2018 mainly due to a
$56 million increase in interest income on our investment in a debt security, a $37 million net increase in gains on settlement of derivatives and a $13 million net decrease in interest expense due to the repayment of certain
long-term debt.    Income Taxes      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 (640 
 )  
    
 $ 
 236 
   
    
 $ 
 (876 
 )  
    
   
 (371 
 )%  
   We recorded an income tax benefit of $640 million for fiscal year 2019 compared to an income tax provision of
$236 million for fiscal year 2018. Our fiscal year 2019 income tax benefit included a net tax benefit of $761 million primarily  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 38  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
associated with the release of valuation allowance on deferred tax assets driven by improvements in our profitability outlook in the U.S., including our efforts to structurally and operationally
align our EDS business with the rest of the Company. Our fiscal year 2018 income tax provision included approximately $204 million of tax expense associated with the revaluation of U.S. deferred tax assets as a result of the enactment of the
U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“the Tax Act”) on December 22, 2017, offset by the reversal of previously recorded unrecognized tax benefits of $7 million, and certain  non-recurring  items.  
 Our Irish tax resident parent holding company owns various U.S. and  non-U.S.  subsidiaries that operate in
multiple  non-Irish  income tax jurisdictions. Our worldwide operating income is either subject to varying rates of income tax or is exempt from income tax due to tax incentive programs we operate under in
Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand. These tax incentives are scheduled to expire in whole or in part at various dates through 2025. Certain tax incentives may be extended if specific conditions are met.  
 Our income tax benefit recorded for fiscal year 2019 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory
rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets, primarily driven by improvements in our profitability outlook in the U.S.; and (ii) tax
benefits related to  non-U.S.  earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland. Our income tax provision recorded for
fiscal year 2018 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related to  non-U.S.  earnings generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland; and (ii) a reduction in the net U.S. deferred tax assets
associated with revaluation to a lower U.S. tax rate.    Based on our  non-U.S.  ownership structure and subject
to (i) potential future increases in our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets; and (ii) a future change in our intention to indefinitely reinvest earnings from our subsidiaries outside of Ireland, we anticipate that our effective
tax rate in future periods will generally be less than the Irish statutory rate.    The Tax Act significantly revised U.S. corporate income tax law by,
among other things, lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates from 35% to 21%, implementing a territorial tax system, and imposing a  one-time  transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of  non-U.S.  subsidiaries.    The U.S. tax law changes, including limitations on various business deductions such as
executive compensation under Internal Revenue Code §162(m), will not materially impact our current tax expense in the short-term due to our large net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. The Tax Act’s new international rules,
including Global Intangible  Low-Taxed  Income (“GILTI”), Foreign Derived Intangible Income (“FDII”) and Base Erosion Anti-Avoidance Tax (“BEAT”), are effective beginning in fiscal
year 2019. For fiscal year 2019, we have included these effects of the Tax Act in our financial statements and concluded the impact is not material.  
 As of the quarter ended September 28, 2018, pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 118 (regarding the application of Accounting
Standards Codification (“ASC”) 740—Income Taxes associated with the enactment of the Tax Act), we had considered SAB 118 and concluded our accounting under ASC 740 for the provisions of the Tax Act was complete. There were no
adjustments deemed necessary in fiscal year 2019.    Fiscal Year 2018 Compared to Fiscal Year 2017  
 Revenue      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 11,184 
   
    
 $ 
 10,771 
   
    
 $ 
 413 
   
    
   
 4% 
   
   Revenue in fiscal year 2018 increased approximately 4% or $0.4 billion, from fiscal year 2017, as a result of an
increase in exabytes shipped driven primarily by higher demand for our high capacity HDD product portfolio, partially offset by price erosion.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 39  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
   
 June 30, 2017 
   
   
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Cost of revenue 
    
 $ 
 7,820 
   
   
 $ 
 7,597 
   
   
 $ 
 223 
   
    
   
 3% 
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 3,364 
   
   
   
 3,174 
   
   
   
 190 
   
    
   
 6% 
   
 
   Gross margin percentage 
    
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   For fiscal year 2018, gross margin as a percentage of revenue increased by 100 basis points compared to the prior fiscal
year due to favorable product mix and improved factory utilization as a result of higher demand for our high capacity HDD product portfolio, partially offset by price erosion.  
 Operating Expenses      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Product development 
    
 $ 
 1,026 
   
    
 $ 
 1,232 
   
    
 $ 
 (206 
 )  
    
   
 (17)% 
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
    
   
 562 
   
    
   
 606 
   
    
   
 (44 
 )  
    
   
 (7)% 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 53 
   
    
   
 104 
   
    
   
 (51 
 )  
    
   
 (49)% 
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
    
   
 89 
   
    
   
 178 
   
    
   
 (89 
 )  
    
   
 (50)% 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating expenses 
    
 $ 
 1,730 
   
    
 $ 
 2,120 
   
    
 $ 
 (390 
 )  
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   Product Development Expense.  Product development expenses for fiscal year 2018 decreased by $206 million from
fiscal year 2017 primarily due to a $97 million decrease in salaries and related benefits as a result of the restructuring of our workforce in prior periods, an $83 million decrease due to related operational efficiencies and a
$26 million decrease due to impairment charges related to the closure of our Korea design center in fiscal year 2017, which did not recur in fiscal year 2018.  
 Marketing and Administrative Expense.  Marketing and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2018 decreased by $44 million from fiscal year
2017 primarily due to a $54 million decrease in salaries and related benefits as a result of the restructuring of our workforce in prior periods, partially offset by an increase in other general expenses.  
 Amortization of Intangibles.  Amortization of intangibles for fiscal year 2018 decreased by $51 million, as compared to fiscal year 2017,
due to certain intangible assets reaching the end of their useful lives.    Restructuring and Other, net.  Restructuring and other, net for
fiscal year 2018 was comprised primarily of restructuring charges recorded during the fiscal quarters ended September 29, 2017 and December 29, 2017 to reduce our workforce by approximately 1,100 employees. Restructuring and other, net
also included a gain of $25 million from the sale of certain properties previously classified as held for sale.    Restructuring and other, net
for fiscal year 2017 was comprised of restructuring charges recorded during the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2017 to reduce our workforce by approximately 6,800 employees, as we continue to consolidate our global
footprint across Asia, EMEA and the Americas.    Other expense, net      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Other expense, net 
    
 $ 
 (216 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (239 
 )  
    
 $ 
 23 
   
    
   
 (10 
 )%  
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 40  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Other expense, net for fiscal year 2018 decreased by $23 million, as compared to fiscal year 2017
due to a $26 million increase in interest income primarily driven by higher interest rates, a $9 million net decrease in losses related to strategic investments and a $6 million net decrease in losses due to favorable changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by an $18 million net increase in interest expense due to the issuance of $1.25 billion of Senior Notes in fiscal year 2017 and reduced by the subsequent repurchase of certain debt.  
 Income Taxes      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 Change 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 236 
   
    
 $ 
 43 
   
    
 $ 
 193 
   
    
   
 449 
 %  
   We recorded an income tax provision of $236 million for fiscal year 2018 compared to an income tax provision of
$43 million for fiscal year 2017. Our fiscal year 2018 income tax provision included approximately $204 million of tax expense associated with the revaluation of U.S. deferred tax assets as a result of the enactment of the Tax Act on
December 22, 2017, offset by the reversal of previously recorded unrecognized tax benefits of $7 million, and  certain non-recurring items.  Our fiscal year 2017 income tax provision included
approximately $2 million of net tax expense associated with various  non-recurring  items.    Our income tax
provision recorded for fiscal year 2018 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related  to non-U.S. earnings  generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax incentive programs and are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland; and (ii) a reduction in the net U.S. deferred
tax assets associated with revaluation to a lower U.S. tax rate. Our income tax provision recorded for fiscal year 2017 differed from the provision for income taxes that would be derived by applying the Irish statutory rate of 25% to income before
income taxes, primarily due to the net effect of (i) tax benefits related  to non-U.S. earnings  generated in jurisdictions that are subject to tax incentive programs and are considered
indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland; (ii) a decrease in valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets; and (iii) permanent differences.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources    The following sections discuss
our principal liquidity requirements, as well as our sources and uses of cash and our liquidity and capital resources. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of
purchase. Our short-term investments consist primarily of money market funds, time deposits and certificates of deposit. The principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. We believe our
cash equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. We operate in some countries that have restrictive regulations over the movement of cash and/or foreign exchange across their borders. However, we believe our sources of
cash have been and will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the next 12 months. We are not aware of any downgrades, losses or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or short-term
investments and we do not believe the fair value of our short-term investments has significantly changed from the values reported as of June 28, 2019.  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 Change 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 2,220 
   
    
 $ 
 1,853 
   
    
 $ 
 367 
   
   Our cash and cash equivalents increased by $367 million from June 29, 2018 as a result of net cash flow of
$1.8 billion provided by operating activities and $1.3 billion cash inflows from the redemption of investment in  non-convertible  preferred stock of TMHC, offset by payments for capital expenditures
of $602 million, net cash outflows for repurchase of our ordinary  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 41  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
shares of $963 million, dividends paid out to shareholders of $713 million and net repayment of long-term debt of $574 million. The following table summarizes results from the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the periods indicated:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Net cash flow provided by (used in): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating activities 
    
 $ 
 1,761 
   
    
 $ 
 2,113 
   
    
 $ 
 1,916 
   
 
   Investing activities 
    
   
 846 
   
    
   
 (1,588 
 )  
    
   
 (459 
 )  
 
   Financing activities 
    
   
 (2,212 
 )  
    
   
 (1,211 
 )  
    
   
 (46 
 )  
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rates 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
    
 $ 
 394 
   
    
 $ 
 (686 
 )  
    
 $ 
 1,411 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Cash Provided by Operating Activities  
 Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2019 was approximately $1.8 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted for  non-cash  items including depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation, a release of valuation allowance related to our U.S. deferred tax assets and:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decrease of $204 million in accounts receivable, primarily due to lower revenue; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decrease of $80 million in inventories, primarily due to a decrease in units built; partially offset by
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decrease of $268 million in accounts payable, primarily due to a decrease in direct material purchases; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decrease of $84 million in accrued employee compensation, primarily due to a decrease in our variable compensation
expense.    Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2018 was approximately $2.1 billion and includes the effects
of net income adjusted for  non-cash  items including depreciation and amortization, deferred income taxes primarily due to the remeasurement of our U.S. deferred tax assets at the lower corporate tax rate,
share-based compensation and:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an increase of $65 million in accounts payable, primarily due to timing of payments of capital expenditures; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decrease of $71 million in vendor receivables, primarily due to improved collections; partially offset by
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an increase of $71 million in inventories, primarily due to an increase in units built.  
 Cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2017 was approximately $1.9 billion and includes the effects of net income adjusted for  non-cash  items including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation and:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decrease of $122 million in accounts receivable, primarily due to a decrease in revenue and improved collections; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an increase of $121 million in accounts payable, primarily due to timing of payments for material purchases;
partially offset by      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an increase of $114 million in inventories, primarily due to an increase in units built in connection with our
manufacturing footprint consolidating activities.    Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities  
 In fiscal year 2019, we received $0.8 billion for net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to proceeds of $1.3 billion from the
redemption of an investment in  non-convertible  preferred stock of TMHC and the proceeds of $144 million primarily from the sale of certain properties, partially offset by the payments for the purchase of
property, equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $602 million.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 42  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  In fiscal year 2018, we used $1.6 billion for net cash investing activities, which was primarily
due to our investment in the TMHC debt security of $1.3 billion and the payments for the purchase of property, equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $366 million, partially offset by the proceeds of $69 million from
the sale of properties.    In fiscal year 2017, we used $459 million for net cash investing activities, which was primarily due to payments for
the purchase of property, equipment and leasehold improvements of approximately $434 million.    Cash Used in Financing Activities  
 Net cash used in financing activities of $2.2 billion for fiscal year 2019 was primarily attributable to the following activities:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $963 million in payments for repurchases of ordinary shares;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $713 million in dividend payments; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $574 million net repayment of long-term debt.  
 Net cash used in financing activities of $1.2 billion for fiscal year 2018 was primarily attributable to the following activities:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $726 million in dividend payments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $361 million in payments for repurchases of ordinary shares; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $214 million of repayments of long-term debt; offset by  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $113 million in proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans.  
 Net cash used in financing activities of $46 million for fiscal year 2017 was primarily attributable to the following activities:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   net proceeds of $1.2 billion received from issuance of $750 million of 4.25% Senior Notes due 2022 and
$500 million of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2024;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $86 million in proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans; offset by
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $561 million in dividend payments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $460 million in payments for repurchases of ordinary shares; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   $316 million of redemption and repurchase of long-term debt.  
 Liquidity Sources    Our primary sources of
liquidity as of June 28, 2019, consist of: (1) approximately $2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents, (2) cash we expect to generate from operations and (3) $1.5 billion available for borrowing from our 2019 Revolving
Credit Facility.    On February 20, 2019, we terminated our senior unsecured revolving credit facility scheduled to expire on January 15,
2020, under which we were able to draw up to $700 million. Upon termination, we and our subsidiary Seagate HDD Cayman entered into the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility, which provides us with a $1.3 billion senior unsecured revolving credit
facility. On May 28, 2019, we increased our 2019 Revolving Credit Facility from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility also allows us to increase the facility by up to an aggregate of $100 million
provided that (i) there has been, and will be after giving effect to such increase, no default, (ii) the increase is at least $25 million and (iii) the existing commitments under the facility receive 0.50% most favored nation
protection.    As of June 28, 2019, no borrowings were drawn and no letters of credit or swing line loans had been utilized under the 2019
Revolving Credit Facility.    The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility includes three financial covenants: (1) interest coverage ratio, (2) total
leverage ratio and (3) a minimum liquidity amount. The 2019 Revolting Credit Facility has a final maturity of February 20, 2024.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 43  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  As of June 28, 2019, cash and cash equivalents held by
 non-Irish  subsidiaries was $2.2  billion. This amount is potentially subject to taxation in Ireland upon repatriation by means of a dividend into our Irish parent. However, it is our intent to
indefinitely reinvest earnings of  non-Irish  subsidiaries outside of Ireland and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate such earnings by means of a taxable Irish dividend. Should funds be
needed in the Irish parent company and should we be unable to fund parent company activities through means other than a taxable Irish dividend, we would be required to accrue and pay Irish taxes on such dividend.  
 We believe that our sources of cash will be sufficient to fund our operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months.  
 Cash Requirements and Commitments    Our liquidity
requirements are primarily to meet our working capital, product development and capital expenditure needs, to fund scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, and to fund our quarterly dividend and any future strategic
investments. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by future operating performance, and therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other
factors, some of which are beyond our control.    On July 30, 2019, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.63 per share,
which will be payable on October 9, 2019 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 25, 2019.    As of June 28,
2019, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. Based on our current outlook, we expect to be in compliance with the covenants in our debt agreements over the next 12 months.  
 The carrying value of our debt as of June 28, 2019 and June 29, 2018 was $4.3 billion and $4.8 billion, respectively. The table below
presents the principal amounts of our outstanding debt:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 Change 
   


 
   3.75% Senior Notes due November 2018 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 499 
   
    
 $ 
 (499 
 )  
 
   4.25% Senior Notes due March 2022 
    
   
 750 
   
    
   
 750 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 
    
   
 941 
   
    
   
 951 
   
    
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   4.875% Senior Notes due March 2024 
    
   
 500 
   
    
   
 500 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due January 2025 
    
   
 920 
   
    
   
 975 
   
    
   
 (55 
 )  
 
   4.875% Senior Notes due June 2027 
    
   
 690 
   
    
   
 697 
   
    
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   5.75% Senior Notes due December 2034 
    
   
 490 
   
    
   
 490 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 4,291 
   
    
 $ 
 4,862 
   
    
 $ 
 (571 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   From time to time, we may repurchase any of our outstanding ordinary shares through private, open market, or broker
assisted purchases, tender offers, or other means. During fiscal year 2019, we repurchased approximately 22 million of our ordinary shares including shares withheld for statutory tax withholdings related to vesting of employee equity awards.
See “Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities-Repurchases of Our Equity Securities.” As of June 28, 2019, $2.2 billion remained available
for repurchase under our existing repurchase authorization limit. All repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with our Articles of Association.  
 For fiscal year 2020, we expect capital expenditures to be within our long-term targeted range of 6% to 8% of revenue. We require substantial amounts of
cash to fund any increased working capital requirements, future capital expenditures, scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness and payments of dividends. We will continue to evaluate and manage the retirement and replacement
of existing debt and associated obligations, including evaluating the issuance of new debt securities, exchanging existing debt securities for other debt securities and retiring debt pursuant to privately negotiated transactions, open market
purchases, tender offers or other means or otherwise. In addition, we may selectively pursue strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures and investments, which may require additional capital.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 44  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Contractual Obligations and Commitments  
 Our contractual cash obligations and commitments as of June 28, 2019, are summarized in the table below:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fiscal Year(s) 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Total 
   
    
 2020 
   
    
 2021-2022 
   
    
 2023-2024 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   


 
   Contractual Cash Obligations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 4,291 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 750 
   
    
 $ 
 1,441 
   
    
 $ 
 2,100 
   
 
   Interest payments on debt 
    
   
 1,364 
   
    
   
 206 
   
    
   
 412 
   
    
   
 305 
   
    
   
 441 
   
 
   Purchase obligations  (1) 
    
   
 1,382 
   
    
   
 1,170 
   
    
   
 35 
   
    
   
 53 
   
    
   
 124 
   
 
   Operating leases  (2) 
    
   
 125 
   
    
   
 20 
   
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 66 
   
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 322 
   
    
   
 299 
   
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other funding requirements  (3) 
    
   
 12 
   
    
   
 11 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Subtotal 
    
   
 7,496 
   
    
   
 1,706 
   
    
   
 1,247 
   
    
   
 1,812 
   
    
   
 2,731 
   
 
   Commitments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Letters of credit or bank guarantees 
    
   
 105 
   
    
   
 93 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 11 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 7,601 
   
    
 $ 
 1,799 
   
    
 $ 
 1,248 
   
    
 $ 
 1,812 
   
    
 $ 
 2,742 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Purchase obligations are defined as contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services, which are enforceable
and legally binding on us, and that specify all significant terms.      
 
 
 (2) 
   Includes total future minimum rent expense under  non-cancelable  leases for both
occupied and vacated facilities (rent expense is shown net of sublease income).      
 
 
 (3) 
   Consists of funding requirements related to strategic commitments.  
 As of June 28, 2019, we had a liability for unrecognized tax benefits and an accrual for the payment of related interest totaling $4 million,
none of which is expected to be settled within one year. Outside of one year, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of when cash settlement with a taxing authority will occur.  
 Off-Balance  Sheet Arrangements  
 As of June 28, 2019, we did not have any material  off-balance  sheet arrangements (as defined in
Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of  Regulation S-K).     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our
consolidated financial statements. The SEC has defined the most critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and operating results, and require us to make our most difficult and
subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. Based on this definition, our most critical accounting policies include: Revenue—Sales Program Accruals,
Warranty, Income taxes and Assessing Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets for Impairment. Below, we discuss these policies further, as well as the estimates and judgments involved. We also have other accounting policies and accounting estimates
relating to uncollectible customer accounts, valuation of inventories, valuation of share-based payments and restructuring. We believe that these other accounting policies and accounting estimates either do not generally require us to make estimates
and judgments that are as difficult or as subjective, or it is less likely that they would have a material impact on our reported results of operations for a given period.  
 Revenue—Sales Program Accruals . We record estimated variable consideration at the time of revenue recognition as a reduction to revenue.
Variable consideration generally consists of sales incentive programs, such as price protection and volume incentives aimed at increasing customer demand. For OEM sales, rebates are typically established by estimating the most likely amount of
consideration expected to be received based on an OEM customer’s volume of purchases from us or other agreed upon rebate programs. For the distribution and retail channel, these sales incentive programs typically involve
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 45  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
estimating the most likely amount of rebates related to a customer’s level of sales, order size, advertising or point of sale activity as well as the expected value of price protection
adjustments based on historical analysis and forecasted pricing environment. In fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, total sales programs were approximately 11% of gross revenue. Adjustments to revenues due to under or over accruals for sales programs
related to revenues reported in prior quarterly periods were less than 1% of gross revenue in fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017.  
 Warranty.  We estimate probable product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. We generally provide a warranty on our products for
a period of 1 to 5 years. Our warranty provision considers estimated product failure rates and trends (including the timing of product returns during the warranty periods), and estimated repair or replacement costs related to product quality issues,
if any. We also exercise judgment in estimating our ability to sell refurbished products. Our judgment is subject to a greater degree of subjectivity with respect to newly introduced products because of limited experience with those products upon
which to base our warranty estimates.    Income Taxes.  We make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial
statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, recognition of income and deductions and calculation of specific tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of
revenue and expense for income tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. The calculation of tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the
potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other tax jurisdictions. If estimates of these tax liabilities are greater or less than actual results, an additional tax provision or benefit will
result. The deferred tax assets we record each period depend primarily on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States and certain  non-U.S.  jurisdictions. Each period, we evaluate the
need for a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets and, if necessary, adjust the valuation allowance so that net deferred tax assets are recorded only to the extent we conclude it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will
be realized. If our outlook for future taxable income changes significantly, our assessment of the need for, and the amount of, a valuation allowance may also change.  
 Assessing Goodwill and Other Long-lived Assets for Impairment.  We perform a qualitative assessment in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year,
or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, to determine if any events or circumstances exist, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry that would indicate that it would more likely than
not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the Company is not
required to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If it is determined in the qualitative assessment that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not below its carrying amount, including goodwill, then we perform a
quantitative impairment test. The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. Any excess in the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill over its fair value
is recognized as an impairment loss, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.    We evaluate other long-lived assets,
including property, equipment and leasehold improvements and other intangible assets subject to amortization, for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values of those assets may not be recoverable. We
assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining
economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. If the recoverability assessment indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, we will estimate the fair value of the asset group and compare it to its carrying value.
The excess of the carrying value over the fair value is allocated pro rata to derive the adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group. The adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group is not reduced below its fair value.  
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements    See “Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 1.  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ” for information regarding the effect of new accounting pronouncements on our financial statements.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 46  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
 We have exposure to market risks due to the volatility of interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit rating changes and equity and bond
markets. A portion of these risks may be hedged, but fluctuations could impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.  
 Interest Rate Risk.  Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our cash investment portfolio. As of
June 28, 2019, we had no  available-for-sale  debt securities that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for a period greater than 12 months. We
determined no  available-for-sale  debt securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of June 28, 2019.  
 We have fixed rate debt obligations. We enter into debt obligations for general corporate purposes including capital expenditures and working capital
needs.    The table below presents principal amounts and related fixed or weighted-average interest rates by year of maturity for our investment
portfolio and debt obligations as of June 28, 2019.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   (Dollars in millions, except percentages) 
    
 2020 
   
   
 2021 
   
   
 2022 
   
   
 2023 
   
   
 2024 
   
   
 Thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Fair Value at June 28, 2019 
   


 
 Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash equivalents: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Floating rate 
    
 $ 
 580 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 580 
   
   
 $ 
 580 
   
 
   Average interest rate 
    
   
 2.42 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2.42 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Other debt securities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed rate 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 4 
   
   
 $ 
 7 
   
   
 $ 
 7 
   
 
   Average interest rate 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
 Debt 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed rate 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 750 
   
   
 $ 
 941 
   
   
 $ 
 500 
   
   
 $ 
 2,100 
   
   
 $ 
 4,291 
   
   
 $ 
 4,349 
   
 
   Average interest rate 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4.25 
 %  
   
   
 4.75 
 %  
   
   
 4.88 
 %  
   
   
 5.02 
 %  
   
   
 4.81 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Exchange Risk.  From time to time, we may enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts
to manage exposure related to certain foreign currency commitments and anticipated foreign currency denominated expenditures. Our policy prohibits us from entering into derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. At this
time, we have not identified any material exposure associated with the potential changes related to the British vote to exit the European Union.    We
hedge portions of our foreign currency denominated balance sheet positions with foreign currency forward exchange contracts to reduce the risk that our earnings will be adversely affected by changes in currency exchange rates. The change in fair
value of these contracts is recognized in earnings in the same period as the gains and losses from the remeasurement of the assets and liabilities. All these foreign currency forward exchange contracts mature within 12 months.  
 We did not have any material net gains (losses) recognized in Cost of revenue, or Other, net for cash flow hedges due to hedge ineffectiveness or
discontinued cash flow hedges during the fiscal years 2019 and 2018.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 47  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The table below provides information as of June 28, 2019 about our foreign currency forward
exchange contracts. The table is provided in U.S. dollar equivalent amounts and presents the notional amounts (at the contract exchange rates) and the weighted-average contractual foreign currency exchange rates.  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions, except average contract rate) 
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Average Contract Rate 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value (1) 
   


 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Singapore Dollar 
    
 $ 
 100 
   
    
 $ 
 1.36 
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
 
   Chinese Renminbi 
    
   
 99 
   
    
 $ 
 6.84 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   British Pound Sterling 
    
   
 18 
   
    
 $ 
 0.80 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 217 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Equivalent to the unrealized net gain (loss) on existing contracts.  
 Other Market Risks.  We have exposure to counterparty credit downgrades in the form of credit risk related to our foreign currency forward exchange
contracts and our fixed income portfolio. We monitor and limit our credit exposure for our foreign currency forward exchange contracts by performing ongoing credit evaluations. We also manage the notional amount of contracts entered into with any
one counterparty, and we maintain limits on maximum tenor of contracts based on the credit rating of the financial institution. Additionally, the investment portfolio is diversified and structured to minimize credit risk.  
 Changes in our corporate issuer credit ratings have minimal impact on our near term financial results, but downgrades may negatively impact our future
ability to raise capital, increase the cost of such capital and our ability to execute transactions with various counterparties.    We are subject to
equity market risks due to changes in the fair value of the notional investments selected by our employees as part of our  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plans—the Seagate Deferred Compensation Plans
(the “SDCPs”). We entered into a Total Return Swap (“TRS”) in order to manage the equity market risks associated with the SDCPs liabilities. We pay a floating rate, based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”)
plus an interest rate spread, on the notional amount of the TRS. The TRS is designed to substantially offset changes in the SDCPs liabilities due to changes in the value of the investment options made by employees. See “Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 8.  Derivative Financial Instruments ” of this Report on Form  10-K.   
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 48  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
 ITEM 8. 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   Table of Contents 
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
   
 50 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
   
 51 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 52 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    
   
 53 
   
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 54 
   
 
 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 55 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 1.   
Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
   
 55 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 2.   Balance Sheet Information 
    
   
 61 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 3.   Revenue 
    
   
 65 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 4.   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
   
 65 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 5.   Restructuring and Exit Costs 
    
   
 66 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 6.   Debt 
    
   
 67 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 7.   Income Taxes 
    
   
 70 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 8.   Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
   
 74 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 9.   Fair Value 
    
   
 76 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 10.   Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 80 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 11.   Share-Based Compensation 
    
   
 81 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 12.   Earnings Per Share 
    
   
 87 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 13.   Business Segment and Geographic Information 
    
   
 87 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 14.   Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies 
    
   
 88 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 15.   Commitments 
    
   
 90 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 16.   Guarantees 
    
   
 90 
   
 
 
 
 
   Note 17.   Subsequent Events 
    
   
 92 
   
 
 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 93 
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 49  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In millions, except share and per share data)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   


 
 ASSETS 
     
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 2,220 
   
    
 $ 
 1,853 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 989 
   
    
   
 1,184 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 970 
   
    
   
 1,053 
   
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 184 
   
    
   
 220 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 4,363 
   
    
   
 4,310 
   
 
   Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 
    
   
 1,869 
   
    
   
 1,792 
   
 
   Investment in debt security 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,275 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,237 
   
    
   
 1,237 
   
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
    
   
 111 
   
    
   
 188 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 1,114 
   
    
   
 417 
   
 
   Other assets, net 
    
   
 191 
   
    
   
 191 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Assets 
    
 $ 
 8,885 
   
    
 $ 
 9,410 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
     
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accounts payable 
    
 $ 
 1,420 
   
    
 $ 
 1,728 
   
 
   Accrued employee compensation 
    
   
 169 
   
    
   
 253 
   
 
   Accrued warranty 
    
   
 91 
   
    
   
 112 
   
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 499 
   
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
   
 552 
   
    
   
 598 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 2,232 
   
    
   
 3,190 
   
 
   Long-term accrued warranty 
    
   
 104 
   
    
   
 125 
   
 
   Long-term accrued income taxes 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 10 
   
 
   Other  non-current  liabilities 
    
   
 130 
   
    
   
 100 
   
 
   Long-term debt, less current portion 
    
   
 4,253 
   
    
   
 4,320 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 6,723 
   
    
   
 7,745 
   
 
   Commitments and contingencies (See Notes 14 and 15) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ Equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Preferred shares, $0.00001 par value per share—100,000,000 authorized; no shares issued or
outstanding 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Ordinary shares, $0.00001 par value per share—1,250,000,000 authorized; 269,097,971 issued and
outstanding at June 28, 2019 and 287,170,363 issued and outstanding at June 29, 2018 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 6,545 
   
    
   
 6,377 
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (34 
 )  
    
   
 (16 
 )  
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
   
 (4,349 
 )  
    
   
 (4,696 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 2,162 
   
    
   
 1,665 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 
    
 $ 
 8,885 
   
    
 $ 
 9,410 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 50  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (In millions, except per share data)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 10,390 
   
    
 $ 
 11,184 
   
    
 $ 
 10,771 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cost of revenue 
    
   
 7,458 
   
    
   
 7,820 
   
    
   
 7,597 
   
 
   Product development 
    
   
 991 
   
    
   
 1,026 
   
    
   
 1,232 
   
 
   Marketing and administrative 
    
   
 453 
   
    
   
 562 
   
    
   
 606 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 53 
   
    
   
 104 
   
 
   Restructuring and other, net 
    
   
 (22 
 )  
    
   
 89 
   
    
   
 178 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 8,903 
   
    
   
 9,550 
   
    
   
 9,717 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 1,487 
   
    
   
 1,634 
   
    
   
 1,054 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 84 
   
    
   
 38 
   
    
   
 12 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (224 
 )  
    
   
 (236 
 )  
    
   
 (222 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 25 
   
    
   
 (18 
 )  
    
   
 (29 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other expense, net 
    
   
 (115 
 )  
    
   
 (216 
 )  
    
   
 (239 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 1,372 
   
    
   
 1,418 
   
    
   
 815 
   
 
   (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
    
   
 (640 
 )  
    
   
 236 
   
    
   
 43 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
   
    
 $ 
 1,182 
   
    
 $ 
 772 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 7.13 
   
    
 $ 
 4.10 
   
    
 $ 
 2.61 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 7.06 
   
    
   
 4.05 
   
    
   
 2.58 
   
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 282 
   
    
   
 288 
   
    
   
 296 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 285 
   
    
   
 292 
   
    
   
 299 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared per ordinary share 
    
 $ 
 2.52 
   
    
 $ 
 2.52 
   
    
 $ 
 2.52 
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 51  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (In millions)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
   
    
 $ 
 1,182 
   
    
 $ 
 772 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash flow hedges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Change in net unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 4 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Marketable securities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Change in net unrealized gain (loss) on
 available-for-sale  debt securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Post-retirement plans 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Change in unrealized gain (loss) on post-retirement plans 
    
   
 (16 
 )  
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Less: reclassification for amounts included in net income 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net change 
    
   
 (16 
 )  
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 8 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 1,994 
   
    
 $ 
 1,183 
   
    
 $ 
 780 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 52  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (In millions)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
   
    
 $ 
 1,182 
   
    
 $ 
 772 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 541 
   
    
   
 598 
   
    
   
 749 
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
   
 99 
   
    
   
 112 
   
    
   
 137 
   
 
   Impairment of assets 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 42 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (690 
 )  
    
   
 193 
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
   Other  non-cash  operating activities, net 
    
   
 (97 
 )  
    
   
 (11 
 )  
    
   
 27 
   
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 204 
   
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 122 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 80 
   
    
   
 (71 
 )  
    
   
 (114 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 (268 
 )  
    
   
 65 
   
    
   
 121 
   
 
   Accrued employee compensation 
    
   
 (84 
 )  
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 53 
   
 
   Accrued expenses, income taxes and warranty 
    
   
 (81 
 )  
    
   
 (46 
 )  
    
   
 47 
   
 
   Other assets and liabilities 
    
   
 42 
   
    
   
 59 
   
    
   
 (43 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 1,761 
   
    
   
 2,113 
   
    
   
 1,916 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition of property, equipment and leasehold improvements 
    
   
 (602 
 )  
    
   
 (366 
 )  
    
   
 (434 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of assets 
    
   
 144 
   
    
   
 71 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Proceeds from settlement of foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
    
   
 29 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchase of debt security 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (1,279 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Proceeds from redemption of debt security 
    
   
 1,283 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchases of strategic investments 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (37 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of strategic investments 
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Maturities of short-term investments 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
   Other investing activities, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (14 
 )  
    
   
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
    
   
 846 
   
    
   
 (1,588 
 )  
    
   
 (459 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Redemption and repurchase of debt 
    
   
 (819 
 )  
    
   
 (214 
 )  
    
   
 (316 
 )  
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
    
   
 (713 
 )  
    
   
 (726 
 )  
    
   
 (561 
 )  
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
    
   
 (963 
 )  
    
   
 (361 
 )  
    
   
 (460 
 )  
 
   Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 
    
   
 (31 
 )  
    
   
 (23 
 )  
    
   
 (27 
 )  
 
   Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 245 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,232 
   
 
   Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
    
   
 69 
   
    
   
 113 
   
    
   
 86 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (2,212 
 )  
    
   
 (1,211 
 )  
    
   
 (46 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
    
   
 394 
   
    
   
 (686 
 )  
    
   
 1,411 
   
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the year 
    
   
 1,857 
   
    
   
 2,543 
   
    
   
 1,132 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 2,251 
   
    
 $ 
 1,857 
   
    
 $ 
 2,543 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid for interest 
    
 $ 
 223 
   
    
 $ 
 237 
   
    
 $ 
 172 
   
 
   Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 
    
 $ 
 39 
   
    
 $ 
 43 
   
    
 $ 
 33 
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 53  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
 For Fiscal Years Ended June 28, 2019, June 29, 2018 and June 30, 2017  
 (In millions)      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Number of Ordinary 
 Shares 
   
    
 Par Value of Shares 
   
    
 Additional Paid-in 
 Capital 
   
    
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Loss 
   
    
 Accumulated Deficit 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at, July 1, 2016 
    
   
 299 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 5,929 
   
    
 $ 
 (25 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (4,311 
 )  
    
 $ 
 1,593 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 772 
   
    
   
 772 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 8 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 8 
   
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
    
   
 6 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 86 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 86 
   
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
    
   
 (12 
 )  
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (460 
 )  
    
   
 (460 
 )  
 
   Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (27 
 )  
    
   
 (27 
 )  
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (745 
 )  
    
   
 (745 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 137 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 137 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at, June 30, 2017 
    
   
 292 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6,152 
   
    
   
 (17 
 )  
    
   
 (4,771 
 )  
    
   
 1,364 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,182 
   
    
   
 1,182 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
    
   
 6 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 113 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 113 
   
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (361 
 )  
    
   
 (361 
 )  
 
   Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (23 
 )  
    
   
 (23 
 )  
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (723 
 )  
    
   
 (723 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 112 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 112 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at, June 29, 2018 
    
   
 287 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 6,377 
   
    
   
 (16 
 )  
    
   
 (4,696 
 )  
    
   
 1,665 
   
 
   Cumulative effect of adoption of new revenue standard (Note 1) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 34 
   
    
   
 34 
   
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,012 
   
    
   
 2,012 
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
 
   Issuance of ordinary shares under employee stock plans 
    
   
 4 
   
    
 
 
 
    
   
 69 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 69 
   
 
   Repurchases of ordinary shares 
    
   
 (21 
 )  
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (966 
 )  
    
   
 (966 
 )  
 
   Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (31 
 )  
    
   
 (31 
 )  
 
   Dividends to shareholders 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (702 
 )  
    
   
 (702 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 99 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 99 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at, June 28, 2019 
    
   
 269 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 6,545 
   
    
 $ 
 (34 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (4,349 
 )  
    
 $ 
 2,162 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 54  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PLC  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 
 
 1. 
   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Organization    Seagate Technology plc (the
“Company”) is a leading provider of data storage technology and solutions. Its principal products are hard disk drives, commonly referred to as disk drives, hard drives or HDDs. In addition to HDDs, the Company produces a broad range of
data storage products including solid state drives (“SSDs”), solid state hybrid drives (“SSHDs”) and storage subsystems.    Basis of
Presentation and Consolidation    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all its wholly-owned and
majority-owned subsidiaries, after elimination of intercompany transactions and balances.    The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
materially from those estimates. The methods, estimates and judgments the Company uses in applying its most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results the Company reports in its consolidated financial statements.  
 Fiscal Year    The Company operates and reports
financial results on a fiscal year of 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Friday closest to June 30. Accordingly, fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 were comprised of 52 weeks ended on June 28, 2019, June 29, 2018 and June 30, 2017,
respectively. All references to years in these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements represent fiscal years unless otherwise noted. Fiscal year 2020 will be comprised of 53 weeks and will end on July 3, 2020. Fiscal year 2026 will
also be comprised of 53 weeks and will end on July 3, 2026.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Cash and Cash Equivalents.  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity of 90 days or less at the time of
purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.    Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents.
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents represent cash and cash equivalents that are restricted as to withdrawal or use for other than current operations.  
 Short-Term Investments.  The Company has short-term investments that are primarily comprised of money market funds, time deposits and certificates
of deposits. The Company has classified its marketable securities as  available-for-sale  and they are stated at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in
Accumulated other comprehensive loss, which is a component of Shareholders’ Equity. The Company evaluates the  available-for  sale securities in an unrealized loss position for other-than-temporary
impairment. Realized gains and losses are included in Other, net on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.  
 Allowances for Doubtful Accounts.  The Company maintains allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable based upon expected collectability. This
reserve is established based upon historical trends, global macroeconomic conditions and an analysis of specific exposures. The provision for doubtful accounts is recorded as a charge to Marketing and administrative expense on the Company’s
Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Inventories.  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (using the  first-in,   first-out  method) and net realizable value. Net realizable value is based upon the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. Adjustments to reduce cost of inventories to its net realizable value are made, if required, for estimated excess or obsolescence determined primarily by future demand forecasts.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 55  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements.  Property, equipment and leasehold improvements
are stated at cost. Equipment and buildings are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated life of
the asset or the remaining term of the lease. The costs of additions and substantial improvements to property, equipment and leasehold improvements, which extend the economic life of the underlying assets, are capitalized. The cost of maintenance
and repairs to property, equipment and leasehold improvements is expensed as incurred.    Goodwill.  The Company performs a qualitative
assessment in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, to determine if any events or circumstances exist, such as an adverse change in business climate or a decline in the overall industry that
would indicate that it would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount, including goodwill. If it is determined in the qualitative assessment that the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than
not below its carrying amount, including goodwill, then the Company will perform a quantitative impairment test. The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. Any
excess in the carrying value of a reporting unit’s goodwill over its fair value is recognized as an impairment loss, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.  
 Other Long-lived Assets.  The Company tests other long-lived assets, including property, equipment and leasehold improvements and other intangible
assets subject to amortization, for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of those assets may not be recoverable. The Company performs a recoverability test to assess the recoverability of an
asset group. If the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, the Company will estimate the fair value of the asset group and the excess of the carrying value over the fair value is allocated pro
rata to derive the adjusted carrying value of assets in the asset group. The adjusted carrying value of each asset in the asset group is not reduced below its fair value.  
 The Company tests other intangible assets not subject to amortization whenever events occur or circumstances change, such as declining financial
performance, deterioration in the environment in which the entity operates or deteriorating macroeconomic conditions that have a negative effect on future expected earnings and cash flows that could affect significant inputs used to determine the
fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset.    Assets Held for Sale.  The Company classifies its long-lived assets to be sold as held
for sale in the period (i) it has approved and committed to a plan to sell the asset, (ii) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition, (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to
sell the asset have been initiated, (iv) the sale of the asset is probable, (v) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value and (vi) it is unlikely that significant
changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. The Company initially measures a long-lived asset that is classified as held for sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. Any loss resulting
from this measurement is recognized in the period in which the held for sale criteria are met. Conversely, gains are not recognized on the sale of a long-lived asset until the date of sale. Upon designation as an asset held for sale, the Company
stops recording depreciation expense on the asset. The Company assesses the fair value of a long-lived asset less any costs to sell at each reporting period and until the asset is no longer classified as held for sale.  
 Investment in Debt Security and  Payment-in-Kind  (“PIK”)
Income.  The Company had a debt investment in  non-convertible  preferred stock of Toshiba Memory Holdings Corporation (“TMHC”, formerly known as “K.K. Pangea”) that was fully redeemed by
TMHC in June 2019. The Company classified the investment as  held-to-maturity  as it had the positive intent and ability to hold the security until maturity. This  held-to-maturity  investment was carried at amortized cost and recorded as Investment in debt security on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 Transaction costs incurred by the Company to acquire this investment were capitalized and amortized as a reduction of interest income on the Consolidated
Statements of Operations over the respective term of the investment. The investment contained a PIK income provision, which represented contractual interest that was due upon redemption, and was accrued and recorded as Interest income each reporting
period and added to the carrying value of the Investment in debt security.    Derivative Financial Instruments.  The Company records all
derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value and establishes criteria for designation and effectiveness of hedging relationships. The Company continues to exclude the change in forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and
recognizes the excluded component in Other, net in the Consolidated  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 56  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
Statements of Operations. Foreign currency forward exchange contracts not designated as hedge instruments are used to economically hedge the foreign currency exposure in the value of an
investment denominated in currency other than U.S. dollar. The Company recognizes the unrealized gains and losses due to the changes in the fair value of these contracts in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations along with the
foreign currency gains and losses on remeasurement of such investment.    Warranty.  The Company estimates probable product warranty costs at the
time revenue is recognized. The Company generally provides warranty on its products for a period of 1 to 5 years. The Company’s warranty provision considers estimated product failure rates and trends (including the timing of product returns
during the warranty periods), and estimated repair or replacement costs related to product quality issues, if any. The Company also exercises judgment in estimating its ability to sell refurbished products. The Company’s judgment is subject to
a greater degree of subjectivity with respect to newly introduced products because of limited experience with those products upon which to base our warranty estimates.  
 Revenue Recognition, Sales Returns and Allowances, and Sales Incentive Programs.  Effective June 30, 2018, the Company adopted a new revenue
recognition policy in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , using the modified retrospective transition approach as discussed in the section
titled  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  in this Note 1. Prior to fiscal year 2019, the revenue recognition policy was in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition . Under ASC 606, the Company determines
revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation.  
 Revenue from sales of products is generally recognized upon transfer of control to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for those products, net of sales taxes. This typically occurs upon shipment from the Company. When applicable, the Company includes shipping charges billed to customers in Revenue and includes the related shipping
costs in Cost of revenue on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.    The Company records estimated variable consideration at the
time of revenue recognition as a reduction to revenue. Variable consideration generally consists of sales incentive programs, such as price protection and volume incentives aimed at increasing customer demand. For OEM sales, rebates are typically
established by estimating the most likely amount of consideration expected to be received based on an OEM customer’s volume of purchases from Seagate or other agreed upon rebate programs. For the distribution and retail channel, these programs
typically involve estimating the most likely amount of rebates related to a customer’s level of sales, order size, advertising or point of sale activity as well as the expected value of price protection adjustments based on historical analysis
and forecasted pricing environment. Marketing development program costs are accrued and recorded as a reduction to revenue at the same time that the related revenue is recognized.  
 The Company elected a practical expedient to expense sales commissions as incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less.
These costs are recorded as Marketing and administrative on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Restructuring Costs.
 The timing of recognition for severance costs depends on whether employees are required to render service until they are terminated in order to receive the termination benefits. If employees are required to render service until they are
terminated in order to receive the termination benefits, a liability is recognized ratably over the future service period. Otherwise, a liability is recognized when management has committed to a restructuring plan and has communicated those actions
to employees. Employee termination benefit costs covered by existing benefit arrangements are recognized when management has committed to a restructuring plan and the severance costs are probable and estimable.  
 Advertising Expense.  The cost of advertising is expensed as incurred. Advertising costs were approximately $22 million, $28 million and
$16 million in fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.    Share-Based Compensation.  The Company has elected to apply the  with-and-without  method to assess the realization of related excess tax benefits. The Company also elected to continue to account for share-based compensation expense net of
estimated forfeitures.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 57  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Accounting for Income Taxes . The Company makes certain estimates and judgments in determining
income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, recognition of income and deductions and calculation of specific tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in
the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for income tax and financial statement purposes, as well as tax liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. The calculation of tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of
complex tax rules and the potential for future adjustment of the Company’s uncertain tax positions by the Internal Revenue Service or other tax jurisdictions. If estimates of these tax liabilities are greater or less than actual results, an
additional tax provision or benefit will result. The deferred tax assets the Company records each period depend primarily on the Company’s ability to generate future taxable income in the United States and certain
 non-U.S.  jurisdictions. Each period, the Company evaluates the need for a valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets and, if necessary, adjusts the valuation allowance so that net deferred tax assets are
recorded only to the extent the Company concludes it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. If the Company’s outlook for future taxable income changes significantly, the Company’s assessment of the need
for, and the amount of, a valuation allowance may also change.    Financial Instruments Remeasurement.  Effective June 30, 2018, the Company
adopted ASU  2016-01,   Financial Instruments,  which changed the way the Company accounts for equity investments that do not qualify for the equity method of accounting .  Prior to fiscal year 2019,
the Company’s investments in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair value were accounted for under the cost method and were recorded at historical cost at the time of investment, with adjustments to the balance only when
impairment occur. Upon adoption of ASU  2016-01,  the Company’s equity investment in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values are now measured using the measurement alternative
method as cost, less impairments, and adjusted up or down based on observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Any adjustments resulting from impairments and/or observable price changes
are recorded as Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.    Comprehensive Income.  The Company presents
comprehensive income in a separate statement. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and other gains and losses affecting equity that are excluded from net income.  
 Foreign Currency Remeasurement and Translation.  The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for the majority of the Company’s foreign
operations. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are remeasured into the functional currency of the subsidiary at the balance sheet date. The gains and losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency denominated
balances into the functional currency of the subsidiary are included in Other, net on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company’s subsidiaries that use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency remeasure monetary
assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the end of each period, and nonmonetary assets and liabilities at historical rates.    The
Company translates the assets and liabilities of its  non-U.S.  dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of each period. Revenue and expenses for these
subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from these translations are recognized in foreign currency translation included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, which is a
component of Shareholders’ Equity.    Concentrations  
 Concentration of Credit Risk.  The Company’s customer base for disk drive products is concentrated with a small number of customers. The
Company does not generally require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. To reduce credit risk, the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations on its customers’ financial condition. The Company establishes allowances for
doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of customers, historical trends and other information. Dell Inc. accounted for more than 10% of the Company’s accounts receivable as of June 28, 2019 and
June 29, 2018.    Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash
equivalents, investments and foreign currency forward exchange contracts. The Company mitigates concentrations of credit risk in its investments through diversifications, by investing in highly-rated securities and/or major multinational companies.
   In entering into foreign currency forward exchange contracts, the Company assumes the risk that might arise from the possible inability of
counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. The counterparties to these contracts are major  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 58  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
multinational commercial and investment banks, and the Company has not incurred and does not expect any losses as a result of counterparty defaults.  
 Supplier Concentration.  Certain of the raw materials, components and equipment used by the Company in the manufacture of its products are
available from single-sourced vendors. Shortages could occur in these essential materials and components due to an interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry. If the Company were unable to procure certain materials, components or
equipment at acceptable prices, it would be required to reduce its manufacturing operations, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. In addition, the Company may make prepayments to certain suppliers or enter into
minimum volume commitment agreements. Should these suppliers be unable to deliver on their obligations or experience financial difficulty, the Company may not be able to recover these prepayments.  
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    In
February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standard Update  (“ASU”) 2016-02 (ASC Topic  842),  Leases  and
subsequently issued certain interpretive clarifications on this new guidance which amends a number of aspects of lease accounting, including requiring lessee to recognize a
 right-of-use  (“ROU”) asset and corresponding lease liability for operating leases and enhanced disclosures. The lease liability is measured at the present
value of the remaining lease payments and the ROU asset will be based on the lease liability and is adjusted for lease prepayments, lease incentives received and the lessee’s initial direct costs.  
 The Company will adopt this ASU effective June 29, 2019 using the modified retrospective method. The Company will elect the practical expedients
which allows for not reassessing whether existing contracts contain leases, the classifications of existing leases and whether the existing initial direct costs meet the new definition. In addition, the Company will elect to combine lease and  non-lease  components for facility leases and to keep leases with an initial term of 12 months or less off the balance sheet.  
 While the Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, the
Company expects to recognize ROU assets and corresponding lease liabilities of approximately $114 million and $74 million, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, primarily relating to real estate operating leases. The Company
does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its other consolidated financial statements.    In June 2016, the FASB  issued ASU 2016-13 (ASC Topic  326),  Financial Instruments—Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . This ASU amends the requirement on the
measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. The Company is required to adopt this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. Early adoption in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020 is permitted. The
Company is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements.    In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU  2018-02  (ASC Topic 220),  Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income: Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . This ASU was issued following the
enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“the Tax Act”) and permits entities to elect a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Act. The
Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2020. The adoption of ASU  2018-02  is not expected to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU  2018-15  (ASC Subtopic
 350-40),  Intangibles—Goodwill and  Other—Internal-Use  Software—Customer’s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing
Arrangement That is a Service Contract . This ASU aligns the accounting for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the accounting for implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain  internal-use  software. The Company is required to adopt the guidance in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on its
consolidated financial statements.    Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU  2014-09  (ASC Topic 606),  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and FASB
also issued certain interpretive clarifications on this new guidance which outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 59  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes the revenue recognition guidance under ASC 605. It also requires entities to disclose both quantitative and qualitative
information that enable financial statements users to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. This ASU became effective and was adopted by the Company in the quarter
ended September 28, 2018 under the modified retrospective approach with a cumulative adjustment to accumulated deficit at the date of adoption. The Company has completed the adoption and implemented policies, processes and controls to support
the new standard’s measurement and disclosure requirements.    The Company applied ASC 606 using a modified retrospective transition approach to
all contracts that were not completed as of June 29, 2018. Results for reporting periods beginning June 30, 2018 are presented under ASC 606, while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported under the historical
accounting standard. As a result of the adoption, the Company identified a change in revenue recognition timing on its product sales made to certain retail customers and started to recognize revenue when the Company transfers control to the
applicable customers rather than deferring recognition until those customers sell the products. In addition, the Company established accruals for the variable consideration related to customer incentives on these arrangements. On the date of initial
adoption, the Company removed the related deferred income on the product sales made to these customers and recorded estimates of the accrual for variable consideration through a cumulative adjustment to accumulated deficit. The cumulative effect of
the change to the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet from the adoption of ASC 606 was as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 As of June 29, 2018 
   
    
 Effect of adoption of ASC 606 
   
    
 As of June 30, 2018 
   


 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
 $ 
 1,184 
   
    
 $ 
 9 
   
    
 $ 
 1,193 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
 $ 
 1,053 
   
    
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
    
 $ 
 1,044 
   
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 598 
   
    
 $ 
 (34 
 )  
    
 $ 
 564 
   
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
 $ 
 (4,696 
 )  
    
 $ 
 34 
   
    
 $ 
 (4,662 
 )  
   The impact of applying the new accounting standard on the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year
ended June 28, 2019 was not material.    In January 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-01 (ASC   Subtopic 825-10),  Financial Instruments—Overall Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,  as amended by ASU  2018-03, 
 Financial Instruments—Overall: Technical Correction and Improvements,  issued in February 2018 .  The amendments in these ASUs require entities to measure all equity investments at fair value with changes recognized
through net income. Additionally, the amendments eliminate certain disclosure requirements related to financial instruments measured at amortized cost and add disclosures related to the measurement categories of financial assets and financial
liabilities. These ASUs became effective and were adopted by the Company in the quarter ended September 28, 2018. For equity investments without readily determinable fair value, the Company elected the measurement method as cost, less
impairments, and adjusted up or down based on observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements and disclosures.    In January 2017, the FASB issued  ASU 2017-01 (ASC  Topic
805),  Business Combination: Clarifying the Definition of a Business . The amendments in this ASU change the definition of a business to assist with evaluating when a set of transferred assets and activities is a business. The Company
adopted the guidance in the quarter ended September 28, 2018. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
 In May 2017, the FASB issued  ASU 2017-09 (ASC  Topic 718),  Stock Compensation: Scope of
Modification Accounting . The amendments in this ASU provide guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting. The Company adopted the guidance in the
quarter ended September 28, 2018. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 60  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
 2. 
   Balance Sheet Information  
 Available-for-sale  Debt Securities  
 The following table summarizes, by major type, the fair value and amortized cost of the Company’s investments as of June 28, 2019:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Unrealized Gain/(Loss) 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Available-for-sale  debt
securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
    
 $ 
 417 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 417 
   
 
   Time deposits and certificates of deposit 
    
   
 133 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 133 
   
 
   Other debt securities 
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 557 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 557 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Included in Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 548 
   
 
   Included in Other current assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2 
   
 
   Included in Other assets, net 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 7 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 557 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   As of June 28, 2019, the Company’s Other current assets included $2 million in restricted cash equivalents
held as collateral at banks for various performance obligations.    As of June 28, 2019, the Company had no material  available-for-sale  debt securities that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for a period greater than 12 months. The Company determined no  available-for-sale  debt securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of June 28, 2019.  
 The fair value and amortized cost of the Company’s investments classified as
 available-for-sale  at June 28, 2019 by remaining contractual maturity were as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Due in less than 1 year 
    
 $ 
 550 
   
    
 $ 
 550 
   
 
   Due in 1 to 5 years 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
   Due in 6 to 10 years 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 4 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 557 
   
    
 $ 
 557 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 61  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The following table summarizes, by major type, the fair value and amortized cost of the Company’s
investments as of June 29, 2018:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Unrealized Gain/ (Loss)
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Available-for-sale 
securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
    
 $ 
 621 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 621 
   
 
   Time deposits and certificates of deposits 
    
   
 395 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 395 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,016 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,016 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Included in Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,012 
   
 
   Included in Other current assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,016 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   As of June 29, 2018, the Company’s Other current assets included $4 million in restricted cash and
investments held as collateral at banks for various performance obligations.    As of June 29, 2018, the Company had no  available-for-sale  securities that had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for a period greater than 12 months. The Company determined no  available-for-sale  securities were other-than-temporarily impaired as of June 29, 2018.  
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash    The
following table provides a summary of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the Consolidated Balance Sheets that reconciles to the corresponding amount in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   
    
 July 1, 2016 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 2,220 
   
    
 $ 
 1,853 
   
    
 $ 
 2,539 
   
    
 $ 
 1,125 
   
 
   Restricted cash included in Other current assets 
    
   
 31 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 7 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the Statements of Cash Flows 
    
 $ 
 2,251 
   
    
 $ 
 1,857 
   
    
 $ 
 2,543 
   
    
 $ 
 1,132 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As of June 28, 2019, the Company’s Other current assets included $31 million in restricted cash and cash
equivalents in an escrow account for the sale of certain properties and cash equivalents held as collateral at banks for various performance obligations.  
 Accounts Receivable, net    The following table
provides details of the accounts receivable, net balance sheet item:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   


 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 $ 
 993 
   
    
 $ 
 1,188 
   
 
   Allowances for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 (4 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Account receivable, net 
    
 $ 
 989 
   
    
 $ 
 1,184 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 62  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Activity in the allowances for doubtful accounts is as follows:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Charges (Credit) 
to Operations 
   
    
 Deductions  (a) 
   
    
 Balance at End of Period 
   


 
   Fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 
    
 $ 
 9 
   
    
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 5 
   
 
   Fiscal year ended June 29, 2018 
    
 $ 
 5 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
    
 $ 
 4 
   
 
   Fiscal year ended June 28, 2019 
    
 $ 
 4 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 4 
   
     
 
 
 (a)   
   Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.  
 Inventories    The following table provides details
of the inventory balance sheet item:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   


 
   Raw materials and components 
    
 $ 
 336 
   
    
 $ 
 329 
   
 
   Work-in-process 
    
   
 217 
   
    
   
 347 
   
 
   Finished goods 
    
   
 417 
   
    
   
 377 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total inventories 
    
 $ 
 970 
   
    
 $ 
 1,053 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Property, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, net  
 The components of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net were as follows:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Useful Life in Years 
   
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   


 
   Land and land improvements 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 48 
   
    
 $ 
 55 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 3 – 5 
   
    
   
 7,726 
   
    
   
 7,472 
   
 
   Buildings and leasehold improvements 
    
   
 Up to 30 
   
    
   
 1,795 
   
    
   
 1,805 
   
 
   Construction in progress 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 266 
   
    
   
 193 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 9,835 
   
    
   
 9,525 
   
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (7,966 
 )  
    
   
 (7,733 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,869 
   
    
 $ 
 1,792 
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Depreciation expense, which includes amortization of leasehold improvements, was $464 million, $487 million and
$581 million for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Interest on borrowings related to eligible capital expenditures is capitalized as part of the cost of the qualified assets and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the
assets. During fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, the Company capitalized interest of $3 million, $1 million and $4 million, respectively.  
 In fiscal year 2019, the Company did not have any material write-offs or accelerated depreciation of fixed assets. In fiscal year 2018, the Company
recognized a charge of $7 million from the  write-off  and accelerated depreciation of certain fixed assets, of which $1 million, $4 million and $2 million was recorded to Cost of revenue,
Product development and Marketing and administrative, respectively, in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. In fiscal year 2017, the Company determined it would discontinue the use of certain manufacturing property and equipment in the
short-term, and that certain other buildings, land and manufacturing property and equipment were permanently impaired. As a result, the Company recognized charges of $72 million in fiscal year 2017 from the
 write-off  and accelerated depreciation of these fixed assets, including $35 million impairment on land and buildings classified as held for sale under Other current assets in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet. Please refer to Note 9.  Fair Value  for more details.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 63  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Investment in Debt Security  
 On May 31, 2018, the Company invested approximately $1.3 billion in  non-convertible  preferred stock of
Toshiba Memory Corporation (“TMC”, formerly known as “K.K. Pangea”), a subsidiary of Toshiba Memory Holdings Corporation (“TMHC”), with a consortium of investors led by Bain Capital Private Equity. The Company’s
investment in TMC was subsequently transferred to TMHC. On June 17, 2019, the Company received approximately $1.3 billion in cash from TMHC for the redemption of all the outstanding shares
 of non-convertible preferred  stock of TMHC held by the Company. The proceeds from the redemption include the original principal and accrued PIK income. As of June 29, 2018, no impairment was
identified and the fair value of the investment was determined to approximate its carrying value at amortized cost. In fiscal years 2019 and 2018, the PIK income earned was $61 million and $5 million, respectively.  
 Accrued Expenses    The following table provides
details of the accrued expenses balance sheet item:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   


 
   Dividends payable 
    
 $ 
 170 
   
    
 $ 
 181 
   
 
   Other accrued expenses 
    
   
 382 
   
    
   
 417 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 552 
   
    
 $ 
 598 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (“AOCI”)  
 The components of AOCI, net of tax, were as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Unrealized Gains/(Losses) 
 on Cash Flow Hedges 
   
    
 Unrealized Gains/(Losses) on 
Available- for-Sale Debt Securities 
   
    
 Unrealized Gains/(Losses) 
 on Post- Retirement Plans 
   
    
 Foreign Currency Translation
 Adjustments 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at June 30, 2017 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (12 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (17 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 29, 2018 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (4 
 )  
    
   
 (12 
 )  
    
   
 (16 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (16 
 )  
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 (18 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (16 
 )  
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 (18 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 28, 2019 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 (20 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (14 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (34 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 64  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
 3. 
   Revenue  
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue by sales channel and geographical region for the Company’s single reportable
segment:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in million) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Revenues by Channel 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   OEMs 
    
 $ 
 7,261 
   
    
 $ 
 7,863 
   
    
 $ 
 7,478 
   
 
   Distributors 
    
   
 1,780 
   
    
   
 1,906 
   
    
   
 1,866 
   
 
   Retailers 
    
   
 1,349 
   
    
   
 1,415 
   
    
   
 1,427 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 10,390 
   
    
 $ 
 11,184 
   
    
 $ 
 10,771 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Revenues by Geography (1) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Americas 
    
 $ 
 3,310 
   
    
 $ 
 3,719 
   
    
 $ 
 3,531 
   
 
   EMEA 
    
   
 1,965 
   
    
   
 1,983 
   
    
   
 2,119 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 5,115 
   
    
   
 5,482 
   
    
   
 5,121 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 10,390 
   
    
 $ 
 11,184 
   
    
 $ 
 10,771 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   Revenue is attributed to countries based on bill from locations.  
   
 
 
 4. 
   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
 Goodwill    The changes in the carrying amount of
goodwill are as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Amount 
   


 
   As of June 30, 2017 
    
 $ 
 1,238 
   
 
   Goodwill acquired 
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Goodwill disposed 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation effect 
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   As of June 29, 2018 
    
 $ 
 1,237 
   
 
   Goodwill acquired 
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Goodwill disposed 
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Foreign currency translation effect 
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   As of June 28, 2019 
    
 $ 
 1,237 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Other Intangible Assets  
 Other intangible assets consist primarily of existing technology, customer relationships and trade names acquired in business combinations. Intangibles
are amortized on a straight-line basis over the respective estimated useful lives of the assets. Amortization is charged to Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 In fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, amortization expense for other intangible assets was $77 million, $111 million and $168 million,
respectively.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 65  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The carrying value of other intangible assets subject to amortization, excluding fully amortized
intangible assets, as of June 28, 2019, is set forth in the following table:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
    
 Net Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life 
   


 
   Existing technology 
    
 $ 
 201 
   
    
 $ 
 (143 
 )  
    
 $ 
 58 
   
    
   
 1.9 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 71 
   
    
   
 (38 
 )  
    
   
 33 
   
    
   
 3.3 years 
   
 
   Trade name 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1.2 years 
   
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 41 
   
    
   
 (22 
 )  
    
   
 19 
   
    
   
 2.9 years 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total amortizable other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 316 
   
    
 $ 
 (205 
 )  
    
 $ 
 111 
   
    
   
 2.5 years 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   The carrying value of other intangible assets subject to amortization, excluding fully amortized intangible assets, as of
June 29, 2018 is set forth in the following table:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
    
 Net Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life 
   


 
   Existing technology 
    
 $ 
 256 
   
    
 $ 
 (145 
 )  
    
 $ 
 111 
   
    
   
 2.5 years 
   
 
   Customer relationships 
    
   
 89 
   
    
   
 (42 
 )  
    
   
 47 
   
    
   
 4.0 years 
   
 
   Trade name 
    
   
 17 
   
    
   
 (13 
 )  
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 1.3 years 
   
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 45 
   
    
   
 (19 
 )  
    
   
 26 
   
    
   
 3.0 years 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total amortizable other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 407 
   
    
 $ 
 (219 
 )  
    
 $ 
 188 
   
    
   
 2.9 years 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   As of June 28, 2019, expected amortization expense for other intangible assets for each of the next five years and
thereafter is as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Amount 
   


 
   2020 
    
 $ 
 54 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 29 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 20 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 8 
   
 
   2024 
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 111 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 5. 
   Restructuring and Exit Costs  
 During fiscal year 2019, the Company recorded a net gain of $22 million comprised primarily of a gain from sales of a property. During fiscal years
2018 and 2017 the Company recorded restructuring charges of $89 million and $178 million, respectively, comprised primarily of charges related to workforce reduction costs and facilities and other exit costs associated with the
restructuring of its workforce. The Company’s significant restructuring plans are described below. All restructuring charges are reported in Restructuring and other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 December 2017 Plan  — On December 8, 2017, the Company committed to a restructuring plan (the “December 2017 Plan”) to reduce
its cost structure. The December 2017 Plan included reducing the Company’s global headcount by approximately 500 employees. The December 2017 Plan was substantially completed by the end of fiscal year 2018.  
 July 2017 Plan —  On July 25, 2017, the Company committed to a restructuring plan (the “July 2017 Plan”) to reduce its cost
structure. The July 2017 Plan included reducing the Company’s global headcount by approximately 600 employees. The July 2017 Plan was substantially completed during fiscal year 2018.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 66  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  March 2017 Plan —  On March 9, 2017, the Company committed to a restructuring plan (the
“March 2017 Plan”) in connection with the continued consolidation of its global footprint. The Company closed its design center in Korea, resulting in the reduction of the Company’s headcount by approximately 300 employees. The March
2017 Plan was substantially completed by the end of fiscal year 2017.    July 2016 Plan  — On July 11, 2016, the Company committed to a
restructuring plan (the “July 2016 Plan”) for continued consolidation of its global footprint across Asia, EMEA and the Americas. The July 2016 Plan included reducing worldwide headcount by approximately 6,500 employees. The July 2016 Plan
was substantially completed during fiscal year 2018.    The following table summarizes the Company’s restructuring activities under all of the
Company’s active restructuring plans for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 2017 Plan 
   
   
 July 2017 Plan 
   
   
 March 2017 Plan 
   
   
 July 2016 Plan 
   
   
 Other Plans 
   
   
   
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Workforce Reduction Costs 
   
   
 Facilities and Other Exit Costs 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Accrual balances at July 1, 2016 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 50 
   
   
 $ 
 13 
   
   
 $ 
 63 
   
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 28 
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 72 
   
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
 31 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 167 
   
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (74 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (198 
 )  
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrual balances at June 30, 2017 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 22 
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 43 
   
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 28 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 38 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 105 
   
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (115 
 )  
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
 9 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrual balances at June 29, 2018 
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 11 
   
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
 42 
   
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 41 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 54 
   
 
   Cash payments 
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (65 
 )  
 
   Adjustments 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrual balances at June 28, 2019 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 30 
   
 
   Total costs incurred to date as of June 28, 2019 
   
 $ 
 26 
   
   
 $ 
 8 
   
   
 $ 
 37 
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 31 
   
   
 $ 
 3 
   
   
 $ 
 81 
   
   
 $ 
 40 
   
   
 $ 
 283 
   
   
 $ 
 63 
   
   
 $ 
 575 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expected costs to be incurred as of June 28, 2019 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1 
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Of the accrued restructuring balance of $30 million at June 28, 2019, $16 million is included in Accrued
expenses and $14 million is included in Other  non-current  liabilities in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Of the accrued restructuring balance of $42 million at June 29, 2018,
$26 million is included in Accrued expenses and $16 million is included in Other  non-current  liabilities in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
 During fiscal years 2019 and 2018, the Company sold certain properties, which were previously classified as assets held for sale and recognized a gain of
approximately $78 million and $25 million, respectively. The Company also recorded an impairment charge of $3 million on its held for sale land and building during fiscal year 2019. The gain and impairment charge were included in
Restructuring and other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Please refer to Note 9. —Fair Value  for more details.      
 
 
 6. 
   Debt  
 Revolving Credit Facility    On February 20,
2019, the Company terminated its senior unsecured revolving credit facility scheduled to expire on January 15, 2020, under which the Company was able to draw up to $700 million. Upon termination, the Company and its subsidiary Seagate HDD
Cayman entered into a new credit agreement (the “2019 Revolving Credit Facility”) which provides the  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 67  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
Company with a $1.3 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility. The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility has a final maturity of February 20, 2024. The loans made under the 2019
Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus a variable margin that will be determined based on the corporate credit rating of the Company. The Company and certain other material subsidiaries of the Company fully and
unconditionally guarantee the revolving credit facility. On May 28, 2019, the Company increased the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion primarily through the addition of two lenders under the facility. The
2019 Revolving Credit Facility also allows the Company to increase the facility by an additional $100 million, provided that (i) there has been, and will be after giving effect to such increase, no default, (ii) the increase is at
least $25 million and (iii) the existing commitments under the facility receive 0.50% most favored nation protection. An aggregate amount of up to $75 million of the facility is available for the issuance of letters of credit,
and an aggregate amount of up to $50 million of the facility is also available for swing line loans.    The 2019 Revolving Credit Facility
includes three financial covenants: (1) interest coverage ratio, (2) total leverage ratio and (3) a minimum liquidity amount. The Company was in compliance with the covenants as of June 28, 2019 and expects to be in compliance
for the next 12 months.    As of June 28, 2019, no borrowings were drawn and no letters of credit or swing line loans have been utilized
under the 2019 Revolving Credit Facility.    Long-Term Debt  
 $800  million Aggregate Principal Amount of 3.75% Senior Notes due November  2018 (the “2018 Notes”).
 On November 5, 2013, Seagate HDD Cayman, issued $800 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.75% Senior Notes. The Notes were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company on a senior unsecured basis. The interest on the Notes
was payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year. During fiscal years 2018 and 2017, the Company repurchased $211 million and $90 million, respectively, aggregate principal amount of the 2018 Notes for cash at a
premium to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. For fiscal years 2018 and 2017 the Company recorded a loss on the repurchase of approximately $4 million and $3 million, respectively, which is included in Other, net in
the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. On November 15, 2018, the 2018 Notes matured and the Company repaid the entire outstanding principal amount of $499 million, plus accrued and unpaid interest.  
 $600  million Aggregate Principal Amount of 7.00% Senior Notes due November 2021 (the “2021 Notes”) . On May 18,
2011, the Company’s subsidiary, Seagate HDD Cayman, completed the sale of $600 million aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Notes, in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. The obligations under the 2021 Notes were fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The interest on the 2021 Notes was payable semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 of each year. During
fiscal year 2017, the 2021 Notes were fully extinguished through redemption for cash at a premium to their principal amount of $158 million, plus accrued and unpaid interest. For fiscal year 2017, the Company recorded a loss on the redemption
of approximately $5 million, which was included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
 $750  million Aggregate Principal Amount of  4.25%  Senior Notes due March  2022 (the “2022
Notes”).  On February 3, 2017, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $750 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.25% Senior Notes which will mature on March 1, 2022. The interest on the 2022 Notes is payable
semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2017. At any time before February 1, 2022, Seagate HDD Cayman may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at a “make whole” redemption
price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The ‘‘make-whole’’ redemption price will be equal to (1) 100% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed, plus (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the
present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2022 Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate (as defined in the relevant
indenture) plus 40 basis points, minus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2022 Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date over (b) the principal amount of the 2022 Notes being redeemed, plus (3) accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, on the 2022 Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. The issuer under the 2022 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2022 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior
unsecured basis, by the Company.    $1  billion   Aggregate Principal Amount of   4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 (the
“2023 Notes”).  On   May 22, 2013, Seagate HDD Cayman, issued $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes, which will mature on June 1,  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 68  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
2023, in a private placement. The obligations under the 2023 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. The interest on the 2023 Notes is payable
semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2023 Notes are redeemable at the option of the Company in whole or in part, on not less than 30, nor more than 60 days’ notice, at a “make-whole” premium redemption
price. The “make-whole” redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest
on the 2023 Notes being redeemed, discounted at the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the applicable Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points. Accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to, but excluding, the
redemption date. During fiscal years 2019 and 2017, the Company repurchased $10 million and $39 million, respectively, aggregate principal amount of its 2023 Notes for cash at a premium to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid
interest. The loss recorded on the repurchases in fiscal years 2019 and 2017 were immaterial, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
 $500  million Aggregate Principal Amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due March  2024 (the “2024 Notes”).
 On February 3, 2017, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes which will mature on March 1, 2024. The interest on the 2024 Notes is payable semi-annually
on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing on September 1, 2017. At any time before January 1, 2024, Seagate HDD Cayman may redeem some or all of the 2024 Notes at a “make whole” redemption price, plus accrued
and unpaid interest, if any. The ‘‘make-whole’’ redemption price will be equal to (1) 100% of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes redeemed, plus (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the present values of
the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 2024 Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 45 basis points, minus accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, on the 2024 Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date over (b) the principal amount of the 2024 Notes being redeemed, plus (3) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the 2024 Notes being redeemed to,
but excluding, the redemption date. The issuer under the 2024 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2024 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company.  
 $1  billion Aggregate Principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due January 2025 (the “2025 Notes”) . On May 28,
2014, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2025, which will mature on January 1, 2025. The interest on the Notes will be payable in cash semiannually on
January 1 and July 1 of each year, commencing on January 1, 2015. At any time, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice, Seagate HDD may redeem some or all of the Notes at a ‘‘make-whole’’
redemption price. The ‘‘make-whole’’ redemption price will be equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, and (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of
principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points. Accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be paid to, but excluding,
the redemption date. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company on a senior unsecured basis. During fiscal years 2019 and 2017, the Company repurchased $55 million and $20 million, respectively, aggregate principal
amount of the 2025 Notes for cash at a discount to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. For fiscal years 2019 and 2017 the Company recorded a gain on the repurchase of approximately $1 million and $1 million,
respectively, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.    $700  million
Aggregate Principal Amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due June, 2027 (the “2027 Notes”) . On May 14, 2015, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $700 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes, which
will mature on June 1, 2027. The interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2015. At any time before March 1, 2027, Seagate HDD Cayman may redeem some or
all of the Notes at a “make-whole” redemption price. The ‘‘make-whole’’ redemption price will be equal to (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus (2) the excess, if any of (x) the sum of
the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 40 basis points, minus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date over (y) the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus (3) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed
to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time on or after March 1, 2027, the Company may redeem some or all of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest,
if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The issuer under the 2027 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 69  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. During fiscal year 2017, the Company repurchased $4 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes for cash at a discount to
their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded an immaterial gain on the repurchase, which is included in Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal year 2019, the Company
repurchased $6 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes for cash at a discount to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded an immaterial gain on the repurchase, which is included in Other, net
in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.    $500  million Aggregate Principal Amount of 5.75% Senior Notes due
December, 2034 (the “2034 Notes”) . On December 2, 2014, Seagate HDD Cayman issued, in a private placement, $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.75% Senior Notes, which will mature on December 1, 2034. The
interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on June 1, 2015. At any time before June 1, 2034, Seagate HDD Cayman may redeem some or all of the Notes at a “make-whole”
redemption price. The ‘‘make-whole’’ redemption price will be equal to (1) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus (2) the excess, if any of (x) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled
payments of principal and interest on the Notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a rate equal to the sum of the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points, minus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes
being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date over (y) the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus (3) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date. At any time
on or after June 1, 2034, the Company may redeem some or all of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The
issuer under the 2034 Notes is Seagate HDD Cayman, and the obligations under the 2034 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by the Company. During fiscal year 2016, the Company repurchased $10
million aggregate principal amount of its 2034 Notes for cash at a discount to their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recorded a gain on the repurchase of approximately $3 million, which was included in
Other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations.    At June 28, 2019, future Principal payments on long-term debt were as
follows (in millions):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal Year 
    
 Amount 
   


 
   2020 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 750 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 941 
   
 
   2024 
    
   
 500 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 2,100 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 4,291 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 7. 
   Income Taxes  
 Income (loss) before income taxes consisted of the following:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   U.S. 
    
 $ 
 275 
   
    
 $ 
 (29 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (22 
 )  
 
   Non-U.S. 
    
   
 1,097 
   
    
   
 1,447 
   
    
   
 837 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,372 
   
    
 $ 
 1,418 
   
    
 $ 
 815 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 70  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The (benefit) provision for income taxes consisted of the following:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Current income tax expense: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Federal 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   U.S. State 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
    
   
 45 
   
    
   
 38 
   
    
   
 39 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Current 
    
   
 45 
   
    
   
 43 
   
    
   
 40 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred income tax (benefit) expense: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Federal 
    
   
 (690 
 )  
    
   
 201 
   
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   U.S. State 
    
   
 12 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Non-U.S. 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
    
   
 (8 
 )  
    
   
 8 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Deferred 
    
   
 (685 
 )  
    
   
 193 
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 (640 
 )  
    
 $ 
 236 
   
    
 $ 
 43 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   On December 22, 2017, the Tax Act was enacted into law in the United States. The Tax Act significantly revised U.S.
corporate income tax law by, among other things, lowering U.S. corporate income tax rates from 35% to 21%, implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a  one-time  transition tax on deemed repatriated
earnings of  non-U.S.  subsidiaries.    The U.S. tax law changes, including limitations on various business
deductions such as executive compensation under Internal Revenue Code §162(m), will not materially impact the Company’s current tax expense in the short-term due to the Company’s large net operating loss and tax credit carryovers. The
Tax Act’s new international rules, including Global Intangible  Low-Taxed  Income (“GILTI”), Foreign Derived Intangible Income (“FDII”) and Base Erosion Anti-Avoidance Tax
(“BEAT”), are effective beginning in fiscal year 2019. For fiscal year 2019, the Company has included the effects of the Tax Act in its financial statements and has concluded the impact is not material.  
 As of the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2018, pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 118 (regarding the application of ASC
740 associated with the enactment of the Tax Act), the Company had considered SAB 118 and concluded its accounting under ASC 740 for the provisions of the Tax Act was complete. There were no adjustments deemed necessary in fiscal year 2019.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 71  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows
(in millions):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   


 
 Deferred tax assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accrued warranty 
    
 $ 
 46 
   
    
 $ 
 55 
   
 
   Inventory carrying value adjustments 
    
   
 34 
   
    
   
 30 
   
 
   Receivable allowances 
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 13 
   
 
   Accrued compensation and benefits 
    
   
 53 
   
    
   
 64 
   
 
   Depreciation 
    
   
 89 
   
    
   
 96 
   
 
   Restructuring accruals 
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 5 
   
 
   Other accruals and deferred items 
    
   
 15 
   
    
   
 34 
   
 
   Net operating losses 
    
   
 743 
   
    
   
 812 
   
 
   Tax credit carryforwards 
    
   
 582 
   
    
   
 549 
   
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 10 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross: Deferred tax assets 
    
   
 1,583 
   
    
   
 1,668 
   
 
   Less: Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (460 
 )  
    
   
 (1,221 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net: Deferred tax assets 
    
   
 1,123 
   
    
   
 447 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unremitted earnings of certain  non-U.S.  entities 
    
   
 (16 
 )  
    
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   Acquisition-related items 
    
   
 (13 
 )  
    
   
 (30 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net: Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
    
   
 (37 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 1,094 
   
    
 $ 
 410 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   At June 28, 2019, the Company recorded $1.1 billion of net deferred tax assets. The realization of most of
these deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on the Company’s ability to generate sufficient U.S. and certain  non-U.S.  taxable income in future periods. Although realization is not assured, the
Company’s management believes it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, may increase or decrease in subsequent periods when the Company  re-evaluates  the underlying basis for its estimates of future U.S. and certain  non-U.S.  taxable income.  
 The deferred tax asset valuation allowance decreased by $761 million in fiscal year 2019. The decrease in valuation allowance during fiscal year
2019 was primarily related to a valuation allowance release driven by improvements in the Company’s profitability outlook in the U.S., including its efforts to structurally and operationally align its EDS business with the rest of the Company.
The Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance related to specific net deferred tax assets where it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. This includes certain U.S. federal, U.S. state and  non-U.S.  tax attributes that have limited lives, or, indefinite lived deferred tax assets that the Company does not expect to utilize in the foreseeable future.  
 At June 28, 2019, the Company had U.S. federal, U.S. state and  non-U.S.  tax net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately $3.1 billion, $1.8 billion and $43.5 million, respectively, which will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal year 2020, if not utilized. Net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $42 million are
scheduled to expire in fiscal year 2020. At June 28, 2019, the Company had U.S. federal and state tax credit carryforwards of $533 million and $143 million, respectively, which will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal year
2020 if not utilized.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 72  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  As of June 28, 2019, approximately $373 million and $98 million of the Company’s
total U.S. net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, respectively, are subject to annual limitations ranging from $1 million to $45 million pursuant to U.S. tax law.  
 For purposes of the reconciliation between the (benefit) provision for income taxes at the statutory rate and the effective tax rate, the Irish statutory
rate of 25% was applied as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Provision at statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 343 
   
    
 $ 
 355 
   
    
 $ 
 204 
   
 
   Permanent differences 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 19 
   
 
   Effect of U.S. corporate tax rate change 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 524 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (742 
 )  
    
   
 (297 
 )  
    
   
 2 
   
 
   Non-U.S.  losses with no tax benefits 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 17 
   
 
   Earnings taxed at other than statutory rate 
    
   
 (234 
 )  
    
   
 (317 
 )  
    
   
 (185 
 )  
 
   Research credit 
    
   
 (38 
 )  
    
   
 (25 
 )  
    
   
 (14 
 )  
 
   Tax expense (benefit) related to intercompany transactions 
    
   
 23 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Other individually immaterial items 
    
   
 5 
   
    
   
 (2 
 )  
    
   
 2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   (Benefit) provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 (640 
 )  
    
 $ 
 236 
   
    
 $ 
 43 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A substantial portion of the Company’s operations in Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand operate under various tax
incentive programs, which expire in whole or in part at various dates through 2025. Certain tax incentives may be extended if specific conditions are met. The net impact of these tax incentive programs was to increase the Company’s net income
by approximately $194 million in fiscal year 2019 ($0.68 per share, diluted), to increase the Company’s net income by approximately $269 million in fiscal year 2018 ($0.92 per share, diluted) and to increase the Company’s net
income by approximately $163 million in fiscal year 2017 ($0.54 per share, diluted).    The Company consists of an Irish tax resident parent
holding company with various U.S. and  non-U.S.  subsidiaries that operate in multiple  non-Irish  taxing jurisdictions. The amount of temporary differences (including
undistributed earnings) related to outside basis differences in the stock of  non-Irish  resident subsidiaries considered indefinitely reinvested outside of Ireland for which Irish income taxes have not been
provided as of June 28, 2019, was approximately $2.3 billion. If such amounts were remitted to Ireland as a dividend, it is likely that tax at 25%, or approximately $575 million would result.  
 As of June 28, 2019 and June 29, 2018, the Company had approximately $83 million and $60 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax
benefits excluding interest and penalties. These amounts, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate subject to certain future valuation allowance offsets.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 73  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company’s gross unrecognized tax
benefits:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 60 
   
    
 $ 
 74 
   
    
 $ 
 76 
   
 
   Gross increase for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 22 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 2 
   
 
   Gross decrease for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
    
   
 (3 
 )  
    
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   Gross increase for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 16 
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 16 
   
 
   Gross decrease for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Lapse of statutes of limitation 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
    
   
 (20 
 )  
    
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Non-U.S.  exchange gain 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance of unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year 
    
 $ 
 83 
   
    
 $ 
 60 
   
    
 $ 
 74 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   It is the Company’s policy to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision
for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal years 2019 and 2018, the Company recognized net income tax benefit for interest and penalties of $2 million, as compared to net tax benefit of $1 million during
fiscal year 2017. As of June 28, 2019, the Company had $1 million of accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits compared to $2 million in fiscal year 2018.  
 During the 12 months beginning June 29, 2019, the Company expects that its unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced by less than
$1 million as a result of the expiration of certain statutes of limitation.    The Company is required to file U.S. federal, U.S. state and  non-U.S.  income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examination of its U.S. federal income tax returns for years prior to fiscal year 2016. With respect to U.S. state and
 non-U.S.  income tax returns, the Company is generally no longer subject to tax examination for years ending prior to fiscal year 2008.      

 
 
 8. 
   Derivative Financial Instruments  
 The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate, interest rate and to a lesser extent, equity market risks relating to its ongoing business
operations. From time to time, the Company enters into cash flow hedges in the form of foreign currency forward exchange contracts in order to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk on forecasted expenses and investments denominated in
foreign currencies. The Company’s accounting policies for these instruments are based on whether the instruments are classified as designated  or non-designated hedging  instruments. The Company
records all derivatives in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The changes in the fair value of highly effective designated cash flow hedges are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in
earnings. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments or are not assessed to be highly effective are adjusted to fair value through earnings. The amount of net unrealized gain and loss on cash flow hedges was not material as of
June 28, 2019 and the amount of net unrealized gain on cash flow hedges was less than $1 million as of June 29, 2018.    The Company  de-designates  its cash flow hedges when the forecasted hedged transactions affects earnings or it is probable the forecasted hedged transactions will not occur in the initially identified time period. At such time,
the associated gains and losses deferred in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are reclassified immediately into earnings and any subsequent changes in the fair value of such derivative instruments are immediately reflected in earnings. The
Company did not recognize any material amounts related to the loss of hedge designation on discontinued cash flow hedges during fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017.  
 Other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist of foreign currency forward exchange contracts that the Company uses to hedge the foreign
currency exposure on the investment in debt security and forecasted expenditures  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 74  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
denominated in currency other than the U.S. dollar. The Company recognizes gains and losses on these contracts, as well as the related costs in Other, net on its Consolidated Statement of
Operations along with foreign currency gains and losses on investment in debt security, deferred gains of derivatives in Other current assets and deferred losses of derivatives in Accrued expenses on its Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
 The following table shows the total notional value of the Company’s outstanding foreign currency forward exchange contracts as of June 28,
2019. All these foreign currency forward contracts mature within 12 months.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of June 28, 2019 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Contracts Designated as Hedges 
   
    
 Contracts Not Designated as Hedges 
   


 
   Singapore Dollar 
    
 $ 
 60 
   
    
 $ 
 40 
   
 
   Chinese Renminbi 
    
   
 79 
   
    
   
 20 
   
 
   British Pound Sterling 
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 12 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 145 
   
    
 $ 
 72 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table shows the total notional value of the Company’s outstanding foreign currency forward exchange
contracts as of June 29, 2018.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of June 29, 2018 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Contracts Designated as Hedges 
   
    
 Contracts Not Designated as Hedges 
   


 
   Japanese Yen  (a) 
    
 $ 
 66 
   
    
 $ 
 1,310 
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Pertains to our investment in TMHC.  
 The Company is subject to equity market risks due to changes in the fair value of the notional investments selected by its employees as part of its  Non-qualified  Deferred Compensation Plans—the Seagate Deferred Compensation Plans (the “SDCPs”). The Company entered into a Total Return Swap (“TRS”) in order to manage the equity market
risks associated with the SDCPs liabilities. The Company pays a floating rate, based on LIBOR plus an interest rate spread, on the notional amount of the TRS. The TRS is designed to substantially offset changes in the SDCPs liabilities due to
changes in the value of the investment options made by employees. As of June 28, 2019, the notional investments underlying the TRS amounted to $117 million. The contract term of the TRS is through January 2020 and is settled on a monthly
basis, therefore limiting counterparty performance risk. The Company does not designate the TRS as a hedge. Rather, the Company records all changes in the fair value of the TRS to earnings to offset the market value changes of the SDCPs
liabilities.        The following table shows the Company’s derivative instruments measured at gross fair value as reflected
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 28, 2019:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of June 28, 2019 
   
 
   
    
 Derivative Assets 
   
    
 Derivative Liabilities 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
    
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
    
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Total return swap 
    
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 75  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The following table shows the Company’s derivative instruments measured at gross fair value as
reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of as of June 29, 2018:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of June 29, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 Derivative Assets 
   
    
 Derivative Liabilities 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
    
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
    
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Total return swap 
    
   
 Other current assets 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 Accrued expenses 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total derivatives 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 10 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The amount of gain or loss recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income on derivatives designated as
cash flow hedges was not material for fiscal years 2019 and 2018. The amount of gain or loss recognized in income related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationships and to the amount excluded from the assessment of hedge ineffectiveness
was not material for the fiscal years 2019 and 2018.    The following table shows the effect of the Company’s derivative instruments on the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2019:      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
    
 Location of Gain/ (Loss)
Recognized in Income on Derivatives 
    
 Amount of Gain/ (Loss)
Recognized in Income on Derivatives 
   


 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
    
 Other, net 
    
 $ 
 20 
   
 
   Total return swap 
    
 Operating expenses 
    
 $ 
 3 
   
   The following tables show the effect of the Company’s derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statement of
Operations for the fiscal year ended June 29, 2018:      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
    
 Location of Gain/ (Loss)
Recognized in Income on Derivatives 
    
 Amount of Gain/ (Loss)
Recognized in Income on Derivatives 
   


 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
    
 Other, net 
    
 $ 
 10 
   
 
   Total return swap 
    
 Operating expenses 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
     
 
 
 9. 
   Fair Value  
 Measurement of Fair Value    Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required
to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.  
 Fair Value Hierarchy    A fair value hierarchy is
based on whether the market participant assumptions used in determining fair value are obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) or reflects the Company’s own assumptions of market participant valuation (unobservable inputs). A
financial instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are:  
 Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets that are unadjusted and accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or
liabilities;    Level 2 – Quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are inactive; quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities in active markets or financial instruments for which significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly; or    Level 3 –
Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 76  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The Company considers an active market to be one in which transactions for the asset or liability occur
with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis, and views an inactive market as one in which there are few transactions for the asset or liability, the prices are not current, or price quotations vary
substantially either over time or among market makers. Where appropriate, the Company’s or the counterparty’s  non-performance  risk is considered in determining the fair values of liabilities and
assets, respectively.    Items Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
 The following table presents the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding accrued interest
components, as of June 28, 2019:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable
 Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Balance 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
    
 $ 
 416 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 416 
   
 
   Time deposits and certificates of deposit 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 132 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 132 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash equivalents 
    
   
 416 
   
    
   
 132 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 548 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Restricted cash and investments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Time deposits and certificates of deposit 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Other debt securities 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 7 
   
 
   Derivative assets 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 417 
   
    
 $ 
 134 
   
    
 $ 
 7 
   
    
 $ 
 558 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable
 Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Balance 
   
 
 Assets: 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 416 
   
    
 $ 
 132 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 548 
   
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 2 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
   Other assets, net 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 7 
   
    
   
 7 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 417 
   
    
 $ 
 134 
   
    
 $ 
 7 
   
    
 $ 
 558 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 77  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The following tables present the Company’s assets and liabilities, by financial instrument type
and balance sheet line item that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, excluding accrued interest components, as of June 29, 2018:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable
 Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Balance 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
    
 $ 
 620 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 620 
   
 
   Time deposits and certificates of deposit 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 392 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 392 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total cash equivalents 
    
   
 620 
   
    
   
 392 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1,012 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Restricted cash and investments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money market funds 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Time deposits and certificates of deposit 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
   Derivative assets 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 10 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 10 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 621 
   
    
 $ 
 405 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,026 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable
 Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs (Level 3) 
   
    
 Total Balance 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 620 
   
    
 $ 
 392 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,012 
   
 
   Other current assets 
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 14 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 621 
   
    
 $ 
 405 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 1,026 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company classifies items in Level 1 if the financial assets consist of securities for which quoted prices are
available in an active market.    The Company classifies items in Level 2 if the financial asset or liability is valued using observable inputs.
The Company uses observable inputs including quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets include: agency bonds, corporate bonds, commercial paper, municipal bonds, U.S. Treasuries, time deposits and
certificates of deposit. These debt investments are priced using observable inputs and valuation models which vary by asset class. The Company uses a pricing service to assist in determining the fair values of all of its cash equivalents and
short-term investments. For the cash equivalents and short-term investments in the Company’s portfolio, multiple pricing sources are generally available. The pricing service uses inputs from multiple industry standard data providers or other
third party sources and various methodologies, such as weighting and models, to determine the appropriate price at the measurement date. The Company corroborates the prices obtained from the pricing service against other independent sources and, as
of June 28, 2019, has not found it necessary to make any adjustments to the prices obtained. The Company’s derivative financial instruments are also classified within Level 2. The Company’s derivative financial instruments
consist of foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the TRS. The Company recognizes derivative financial instruments in its consolidated financial statements at fair value. The Company determines the fair value of these instruments by
considering the estimated amount it would pay or receive to terminate these agreements at the reporting date.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 78  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Items Measured at Fair Value on a  Non-Recurring  Basis  
 From time to time, the Company enters into certain strategic investments for the promotion of business and strategic objectives. These strategic
investments primarily include cost basis investments representing those where the Company does have the ability to exercise significant influence but does not have control. These investments are included in Other assets, net in the Company’s
Consolidated Balance Sheets and are periodically analyzed to determine whether or not there are indicators of impairment.    As of June 28, 2019
and June 29, 2018, the carrying value of the Company’s strategic investments were $114 million and $118 million, respectively. During fiscal years 2018 and 2017, the Company determined that certain of its equity investments
accounted for under the cost method were other-than-temporarily impaired, and recognized charges of $11 million and $25 million, respectively, in order to write down the carrying amount of the investments to its estimated fair value. For
fiscal year 2019, there were no upward or downward adjustments on equity investments as a result of adoption of the measurement alternative.    As of
June 28, 2019 and June 29, 2018, the Company had $23 million and $26 million, respectively, of held for sale land and building (collectively, the “properties”) included in Other current assets on its Consolidated
Balance Sheets. During fiscal year 2019, the Company completed the sale of certain property in the Americas and recorded a gain of approximately $78 million. Additionally, the Company accepted an offer to sell certain property in Asia and
thereafter, recorded an impairment charge of approximately $3 million. The gain and the impairment charge were recorded in Restructuring and other, net in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations. The sale of the property was
subsequently completed in the beginning of fiscal year 2020. Please refer to Note 17.  Subsequent Events  for more details. During fiscal year 2018, the Company completed the sale of certain properties and recorded a gain of approximately
$25 million, which was included in Restructuring and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. No impairment was identified during fiscal year 2018. During fiscal year 2017, the Company recorded impairment charges of
$35 million in order to write down the carrying amount of certain properties to their estimated fair values less costs to sell. The impairment charges were recorded in Operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 Other Fair Value Disclosures    On June 17,
2019, the Company received approximately $1.3 billion in cash from TMHC for the redemption of all of the outstanding shares  of non-convertible preferred  stock of TMHC held by the Company. The
debt security was recorded at amortized cost and its fair value approximates the carrying value at June 29, 2018. The fair value was determined utilizing Level 2 inputs such as discount rates and yield terms of similar types of securities
issued by comparable companies. Please refer to Note 2.  Balance Sheet Information  for more details.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 79  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The Company’s debt is carried at amortized cost. The fair value of the Company’s debt is
derived using the closing price of the same debt instruments as of the date of valuation, which takes into account the yield curve, interest rates and other observable inputs. Accordingly, these fair value measurements are categorized as
Level 2. The following table presents the fair value and amortized cost of the Company’s debt in order of maturity:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value 
   


 
   3.75% Senior Notes due November 2018 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 499 
   
    
 $ 
 501 
   
 
   4.250% Senior Notes due March 2022 
    
   
 749 
   
    
   
 763 
   
    
   
 749 
   
    
   
 743 
   
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due June 2023 
    
   
 941 
   
    
   
 973 
   
    
   
 951 
   
    
   
 942 
   
 
   4.875% Senior Notes due March 2024 
    
   
 498 
   
    
   
 514 
   
    
   
 497 
   
    
   
 489 
   
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due January 2025 
    
   
 920 
   
    
   
 929 
   
    
   
 975 
   
    
   
 936 
   
 
   4.875% Senior Notes due June 2027 
    
   
 689 
   
    
   
 688 
   
    
   
 695 
   
    
   
 650 
   
 
   5.75% Senior Notes due December 2034 
    
   
 489 
   
    
   
 482 
   
    
   
 489 
   
    
   
 441 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 4,286 
   
    
 $ 
 4,349 
   
    
 $ 
 4,855 
   
    
 $ 
 4,702 
   
 
   Less: debt issuance costs 
    
   
 (33 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (36 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 
    
 $ 
 4,253 
   
    
 $ 
 4,349 
   
    
 $ 
 4,819 
   
    
 $ 
 4,702 
   
 
   Less: current portion of long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (499 
 )  
    
   
 (501 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt, less current portion 
    
 $ 
 4,253 
   
    
 $ 
 4,349 
   
    
 $ 
 4,320 
   
    
 $ 
 4,201 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 10. 
   Shareholders’ Equity  
 Share Capital    The Company’s authorized share
capital is $13,500 and consists of 1,250,000,000 ordinary shares, par value $0.00001, of which 269,097,971 shares were outstanding as of June 28, 2019, and 100,000,000 preferred shares, par value $0.00001, of which none were issued or
outstanding as of June 28, 2019.    Ordinary shares  - Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by
the Company’s board of directors (the “Board of Directors”). Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, after required payments are made to holders of preferred shares, any remaining assets of the Company will be
distributed ratably to holders of the preferred and ordinary shares. Holders of shares are entitled to one vote per share on all matters upon which the ordinary shares are entitled to vote, including the election of directors.  
 Preferred shares  - The Company may issue preferred shares in one or more series, up to the authorized amount, without shareholder approval. The
Board of Directors is authorized to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any of its qualifications,
limitations or restrictions. The Board of Directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of a series, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by the shareholders.  
 The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred shares with voting or conversion rights that could harm the voting power or other rights
of the holders of the ordinary shares. The issuance of preferred shares, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change in control of the Company and might harm the market price of its ordinary shares and the voting and other rights of the holders of ordinary shares.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 80  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Repurchases of Equity Securities  
 All repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association.  
 On October 29, 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $2.3 billion of its outstanding ordinary
shares and as a result, the Company had an aggregate authority to repurchase approximately $3.0 billion of its ordinary shares. As of June 28, 2019, $2.2 billion remained available for repurchase under the existing repurchase
authorization limit.    The following table sets forth information with respect to repurchases of the Company’s ordinary shares during fiscal
years 2019, 2018 and 2017:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   (In millions) 
    
 Number of Shares Repurchased 
   
    
 Dollar Value of Shares Repurchased 
   


 
   Cumulative repurchased through July 1, 2016 
    
   
 328 
   
    
 $ 
 9,631 
   
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2017 (a)  
    
   
 13 
   
    
   
 487 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cumulative repurchased through June 30, 2017 
    
   
 341 
   
    
   
 10,118 
   
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2018 (a) 
    
   
 11 
   
    
   
 384 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cumulative repurchased through June 29, 2018 
    
   
 352 
   
    
   
 10,502 
   
 
   Repurchased in fiscal year 2019 (a) 
    
   
 22 
   
    
   
 997 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cumulative repurchased through June 28, 2019 
    
   
 374 
   
    
 $ 
 11,499 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   For fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, includes net share settlements of $31 million, $23 million, and
$27 million for 1 million, 1 million and 1 million shares in connection with tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units, respectively.  
       
 
 
 11. 
   Share-Based Compensation  
 Share-Based Compensation Plans    The Company’s
share-based compensation plans have been established to promote the Company’s long-term growth and financial success by providing incentives to its employees, directors and consultants through grants of share-based awards. The provisions of the
Company’s share-based benefit plans, which allow for the grant of various types of equity-based awards, are also intended to provide greater flexibility to maintain the Company’s competitive ability to attract, retain and motivate
participants for the benefit of the Company and its shareholders.    Seagate Technology plc 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the “EIP”).  On
October 26, 2011, the shareholders approved the EIP and authorized the issuance of up to a total of approximately 27.0 million ordinary shares, par value $0.00001 per share, plus any shares remaining available for grant under the Seagate
Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan (the “SCP”) as of the effective date of the EIP (which was equal to approximately 11.0 million ordinary shares as of the effective date of the EIP and which will increase by such additional
number of shares as will be returned to the share reserve in respect of awards previously granted under the SCP) (together, the “Share Reserve”). On October 22, 2014, the shareholders authorized the issuance from the EIP of an
additional 25 million ordinary shares, par value $0.00001 per share. Any shares that are subject to options or share appreciation rights granted under the EIP will be counted against the Share Reserve as one share for every one share granted,
and any shares that are subject to restricted share bonus awards, restricted share units, performance share bonus awards or performance share awards (collectively, “Full-Value Share Awards”) will generally be counted against the Share
Reserve as 2.5 shares for every one share granted. On October 19, 2016, the shareholders authorized the issuance from the EIP of an additional 7.5 million ordinary shares, par value $0.00001 per share. As of June 28, 2019, there were
approximately 19.7 million ordinary shares available for issuance of Full-Value Share Awards under the EIP.    Dot Hill Systems 2009 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “DHEIP”) . Seagate Technology plc acquired the Dot Hill Systems 2009 Equity Incentive Plan effective October 6, 2015. The Company assumed the remaining authorized but unused share reserve of
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 81  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
approximately 2 million shares, based on the conversion ratio, from the DHEIP on the acquisition date. Effective April 24, 2019, the Company terminated the DHEIP and thus, no further
grants will be made under the DHEIP. Outstanding awards granted under the DHEIP will remain subject to the terms of the DHEIP.    Seagate
Technology  plc Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”).  There are 60.0 million ordinary shares authorized to be issued under the ESPP. The ESPP consists of a
 six-month  offering period with a maximum issuance of 1.5 million ordinary shares per offering period. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase ordinary shares through payroll deductions generally
at 85% of the fair market value of the ordinary shares. As of June 28, 2019, there were approximately 11.4 million ordinary shares available for issuance under the ESPP.  
 Equity Awards    Full-Value Share Awards (e.g.
restricted share units, “RSU”) generally vest over a period of three to four years, with cliff vesting of a portion of each award occurring annually, subject to continuous employment with the Company through the vesting date. Options
generally vest as follows: 25% of the options will vest on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and the remaining 75% will vest ratably each month thereafter over the next 36 months. Options granted under the EIP and SCP have an
exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the grant date. Fair market value is defined as the closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares on NASDAQ on the grant date.  
 The Company granted awards of performance-based share units (“PSU”) to its senior executive officers under the SCP and the EIP where vesting is
subject to both the continued employment of the participant by the Company and the achievement of certain performance goals established by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors, including market-based performance goals.
A single PSU represents the right to receive a single ordinary share of the Company. During fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, the Company granted 0.4 million, 0.4 million and 0.6 million PSUs, respectively, where performance is
measured based on a three-year average return on invested capital (“ROIC”) goal and a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) goal, which is based on the Company’s ordinary shares measured against a benchmark TSR of a peer
group over the same three-year period (the “TSR/ROIC” awards). These awards vest after the end of the performance period of three years from the grant date. A percentage of these units may vest only if at least the minimum ROIC goal is met
regardless of whether the TSR goal is met. The number of share units to vest will range from 0% to 200% of the targeted units. In evaluating the fair value of these units, the Company used a Monte Carlo simulation on the grant date, taking the
market-based TSR goal into consideration. Compensation expense related to these units is only recorded in a period if it is probable that the ROIC goal will be met, and it is to be recorded at the expected level of achievement.  
 The Company also granted 0.1 million, 0.2 million and 0.2 million PSUs during fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, to its
senior executive officers which are subject to a performance goal related to the Company’s adjusted earnings per share (the “AEPS” awards). These awards have a maximum seven-year vesting period, with 25% annual vesting starting on the
first anniversary of the grant date. If the performance goal is not achieved, vesting is delayed to a following year in which the AEPS goal is achieved. Any unvested awards from prior years may vest cumulatively in a future year within the
seven-year vesting period if the annual AEPS goal is achieved during a subsequent year. If the AEPS goal has not been met by the end of the seven year period, any unvested shares will be forfeited.  
 Determining Fair Value of Seagate Technology Stock Plans  
 Valuation and amortization method  – The Company estimates the fair value of stock options, RSU and performance awards subject to an AEPS
condition granted using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model and a single share award approach. This fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period or
the remaining service (vesting) period.    Expected Term  – Expected term represents the period that the Company’s share-based awards
are expected to be outstanding and was determined based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the share-based awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior as influenced
by changes to the terms of its share-based awards.    Expected Volatility  – The Company uses a combination of the implied volatility of its
traded options and historical volatility of its share price.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 82  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Expected Dividend  – The Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model calls for a single expected
dividend yield as an input. The dividend yield is determined by dividing the expected per share dividend during the coming year by the grant date share price. The expected dividend assumption is based on the Company’s current expectations about
its anticipated dividend policy. Also, because the expected dividend yield should reflect marketplace participants’ expectations, the Company does not incorporate changes in dividends anticipated by management unless those changes have been
communicated to or otherwise are anticipated by marketplace participants.    Risk-Free Interest Rate  – The Company bases the risk-free
interest rate used in the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury  zero-coupon  issues with an equivalent remaining term. Where the expected term of the
Company’s share-based awards do not correspond with the terms for which interest rates are quoted, the Company performed a straight-line interpolation to determine the rate from the available term maturities.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 83  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The fair value of the Company’s shares related to options and RSU granted to employees, shares
issued from the ESPP and PSUs subject to TSR/ROIC or AEPS conditions for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 were estimated using the following assumptions:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years 
   
 
   
    
 2019 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Options 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
   Volatility 
    
   
 39 - 40 
 %  
   
   
 38 - 42 
 %  
   
   
 38 - 42 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
    
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
   
   
 39 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.6 - 5.0 
 %  
   
   
 3.8 - 7.4 
 %  
   
   
 4.9 - 6.4 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.7 
 %  
   
   
 6.8 
 %  
   
   
 6.3 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 2.5 - 2.8 
 %  
   
   
 1.5 - 2.7 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 - 1.8 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 11.49 
   
   
 $ 
 6.56 
   
   
 $ 
 6.83 
   
 
   RSU 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.1 - 6.4 
 %  
   
   
 3.5 - 7.4 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 - 7.7 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.68 
 %  
   
   
 7.11 
 %  
   
   
 6.4 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 44.37 
   
   
 $ 
 26.69 
   
   
 $ 
 30.85 
   
 
   ESPP 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 0.5 
   
   
   
 0.5 
   
   
   
 0.5 
   
 
   Volatility 
    
   
 34 - 42 
 %  
   
   
 37 - 38 
 %  
   
   
 36 - 49 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
    
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 37 
 %  
   
   
 43 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.8 - 5.6 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 - 7.6 
 %  
   
   
 5.6 - 7.8 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 5.2 
 %  
   
   
 6.5 
 %  
   
   
 6.8 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 2.2 - 2.4 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 - 1.6 
 %  
   
   
 0.4 - 0.6 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 12.18 
   
   
 $ 
 10.10 
   
   
 $ 
 9.78 
   
 
   PSUs subject to market condition 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 3.0 
   
   
   
 3.0 
   
   
   
 3.0 
   
 
   Volatility 
    
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 41 - 42 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average volatility 
    
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 41 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 5.0 
 %  
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
   
   
 6.3 - 7.0 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 5.0 
 %  
   
   
 8.1 
 %  
   
   
 7.0 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 2.8 
 %  
   
   
 1.4 
 %  
   
   
 0.9 - 1.3 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 46.38 
   
   
 $ 
 25.90 
   
   
 $ 
 32.41 
   
 
   PSUs subject to an AEPS condition 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
   
   
 4.2 
   
 
   Expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.6 - 5.0 
 %  
   
   
 5.8 - 7.2 
 %  
   
   
 5.9 - 6.4 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average expected dividend rate 
    
   
 4.7 
 %  
   
   
 7.0 
 %  
   
   
 6.2 
 %  
 
   Weighted-average fair value 
    
 $ 
 43.92 
   
   
 $ 
 27.10 
   
   
 $ 
 31.61 
   
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 84  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Share-Based Compensation Expense  
 The Company recorded $99 million, $112 million and $137 million of share-based compensation during fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. Management has made an estimate of expected forfeitures and is recognizing compensation costs only for those equity awards expected to vest. When estimating forfeitures, the Company considers voluntary termination behavior as well as
the historical analysis of actual forfeited awards.    Stock Option Activity  
 The Company issues new ordinary shares upon exercise of stock options. The following is a summary of option activities:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Options 
    
 Number of Shares (In millions) 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term (In years) 
   
    
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value (Dollars in millions) 
   


 
   Outstanding at June 29, 2018 
    
   
 4.0 
   
    
 $ 
 39.00 
   
    
   
 5.0 
   
    
 $ 
 72 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 0.4 
   
    
 $ 
 48.99 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (0.4 
 )  
    
 $ 
 33.55 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forfeitures 
    
   
 (0.5 
 )  
    
 $ 
 35.71 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Expirations 
    
   
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at June 28, 2019 
    
   
 3.5 
   
    
 $ 
 41.04 
   
    
   
 4.2 
   
    
 $ 
 29 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Vested and expected to vest at June 28, 2019 
    
   
 3.4 
   
    
 $ 
 41.06 
   
    
   
 4.2 
   
    
 $ 
 29 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercisable at June 28, 2019 
    
   
 2.1 
   
    
 $ 
 42.11 
   
    
   
 3.6 
   
    
 $ 
 16 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the
quoted price of the Company’s ordinary shares for the options that were  in-the-money  at June 28, 2019. During fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, the aggregate
intrinsic value of options exercised under the Company’s stock option plans was $5 million, $34 million and $29 million, respectively, determined as of the date of option exercise. The aggregate fair value of options vested
during fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 were approximately $9 million, $12 million and $15 million, respectively.    At June 28,
2019, the total compensation cost related to options granted to employees but not yet recognized was approximately $10 million, net of estimated forfeitures of approximately $2 million. This cost is being amortized on a straight-line basis
over a weighted-average remaining term of approximately 2.2 years and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures.    Nonvested
Awards Activity    The following is a summary of nonvested award activities which do not contain a performance condition:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Nonvested Awards 
    
 Number of Shares (In millions) 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Grant- Date Fair Value 
   


 
   Nonvested at June 29, 2018 
    
   
 5.2 
   
    
 $ 
 30.74 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 2.5 
   
    
 $ 
 44.37 
   
 
   Forfeitures 
    
   
 (0.6 
 )  
    
 $ 
 33.45 
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (1.7 
 )  
    
 $ 
 32.72 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Nonvested at June 28, 2019 
    
   
 5.4 
   
    
 $ 
 36.01 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 85  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  At June 28, 2019, the total compensation cost related to nonvested awards granted to employees but
not yet recognized was approximately $129 million, net of estimated forfeitures of approximately $12 million. This cost is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining term of 2.3 years and will be adjusted
for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. The aggregate fair value of nonvested awards vested during fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 were approximately $57 million, $76 million and $73 million, respectively.  
 Performance Awards    The following is a summary of
nonvested award activities which contain a performance condition:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Performance Awards 
    
 Number of Shares (In millions) 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value 
   


 
   Performance units at June 29, 2018 
    
   
 1.2 
   
    
 $ 
 33.34 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 0.5 
   
    
 $ 
 45.74 
   
 
   Forfeitures 
    
   
 (0.4 
 )  
    
 $ 
 27.11 
   
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (0.3 
 )  
    
 $ 
 43.85 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Performance units at June 28, 2019 
    
   
 1.0 
   
    
 $ 
 43.81 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   At June 28, 2019, the total compensation cost related to performance awards granted to employees but not yet
recognized was approximately $18 million, net of estimated forfeitures of approximately $1 million. This cost is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average remaining term of 1.6 years. The aggregate fair value of
performance awards vested during fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 were approximately $12 million, $11 million and $17 million, respectively.    ESPP
   During fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, the aggregate intrinsic value of shares purchased under the Company’s ESPP was approximately
$10 million, $31 million and $24 million, respectively. At June 28, 2019, the total compensation cost related to options to purchase the Company’s ordinary shares under the ESPP but not yet recognized was approximately
$1.6 million. This cost will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately one month. During fiscal year 2019, the Company issued 1.4 million ordinary shares with a weighted-average exercise price of
$40.85 per share.    Tax-Deferred  Savings Plan  
 The Company has a  tax-deferred  savings plan, the Seagate 401(k) Plan (the “401(k) plan”), for the
benefit of qualified employees. The 401(k) plan is designed to provide employees with an accumulation of funds at retirement. Qualified employees may elect to make contributions to the 401(k) plan on a
 bi-weekly  basis. Pursuant to the 401(k) plan, the Company matches 50% of employee contributions, up to 6% of compensation, subject to maximum annual contributions of $6,000 per participating employee. During
fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, the Company made matching contributions of $16 million, $16 million and $18 million, respectively.  
 Deferred Compensation Plans    The Company has
adopted the SDCPs for the benefit of eligible employees. These plans are designed to permit certain discretionary employer contributions, in excess of the tax limits applicable to the 401(k) plan and to permit employee deferrals in excess of certain
tax limits. During fiscal year 2014, the Company entered into a TRS in order to manage the equity market risks associated with the SDCPs liabilities. See Note 8.  Derivative Financial Instruments  contained in this report for additional
information about the TRS.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 86  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 
 
 12. 
   Earnings Per Share  
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period and the number of additional shares that would have been outstanding if the potentially
dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding options, unvested restricted stock units and performance-based share units and shares to be purchased under the ESPP. The dilutive effect of potentially
dilutive securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, an increase in fair market value of the Company’s share price can result in a greater dilutive effect
from potentially dilutive securities. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to the shareholders of the Company:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (In millions, except per share data) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
 Numerator: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
   
    
 $ 
 1,182 
   
    
 $ 
 772 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total shares for purposes of calculating basic net income per share 
    
   
 282 
   
    
   
 288 
   
    
   
 296 
   
 
   Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Employee equity award plans 
    
   
 3 
   
    
   
 4 
   
    
   
 3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total shares for purposes of calculating diluted net income per share 
    
   
 285 
   
    
   
 292 
   
    
   
 299 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 7.13 
   
    
 $ 
 4.10 
   
    
 $ 
 2.61 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 7.06 
   
    
 $ 
 4.05 
   
    
 $ 
 2.58 
   
   The following potential shares were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as their effect would
have been anti-dilutive:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (In millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Employee equity award plans 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 1 
   
    
   
 1 
   
     
 
 
 13. 
   Business Segment and Geographic Information  
 The Company’s manufacturing operations are based on technology platforms that are used to produce various data storage and systems solutions that
serve multiple applications and markets. The Company has determined that its Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”), the Chief Executive Officer, evaluates performance of the Company and makes decisions regarding investments in the
Company’s technology platforms and manufacturing infrastructure based on the Company’s consolidated results. As a result, the Company has concluded that its manufacture and distribution of storage solutions constitutes one reporting
segment.    In fiscal years 2019 and 2018, no customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated revenue. In fiscal year 2017, only Dell Inc.
accounted for approximately 10% of consolidated revenue.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 87  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  The following table summarizes the Company’s operations by geographic area:  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Revenue from external customers  (a) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Singapore 
    
 $ 
 5,085 
   
    
 $ 
 5,445 
   
    
 $ 
 5,070 
   
 
   United States 
    
   
 3,310 
   
    
   
 3,719 
   
    
   
 3,535 
   
 
   The Netherlands 
    
   
 1,630 
   
    
   
 1,598 
   
    
   
 1,501 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 365 
   
    
   
 422 
   
    
   
 665 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated 
    
 $ 
 10,390 
   
    
 $ 
 11,184 
   
    
 $ 
 10,771 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-lived assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Thailand 
    
 $ 
 558 
   
    
 $ 
 426 
   
    
 $ 
 414 
   
 
   Singapore 
    
   
 556 
   
    
   
 600 
   
    
   
 570 
   
 
   United States 
    
   
 523 
   
    
   
 565 
   
    
   
 643 
   
 
   China 
    
   
 62 
   
    
   
 45 
   
    
   
 58 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 224 
   
    
   
 212 
   
    
   
 248 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated 
    
 $ 
 1,923 
   
    
 $ 
 1,848 
   
    
 $ 
 1,933 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
   Revenue is attributed to countries based on the bill from location.  
   
 
 
 14. 
   Legal, Environmental and Other Contingencies  
 The Company assesses the probability of an unfavorable outcome of all its material litigation, claims or assessments to determine whether a liability had
been incurred and whether it is probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of the loss. In the event that an unfavorable outcome is determined to be probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, the
Company establishes an accrual for the litigation, claim or assessment. In addition, in the event an unfavorable outcome is determined to be less than probable, but reasonably possible, the Company will disclose an estimate of the possible loss or
range of such loss; however, when a reasonable estimate cannot be made, the Company will provide disclosure to that effect. Litigation is inherently uncertain and may result in adverse rulings or decisions. Additionally, the Company may enter into
settlements or be subject to judgments that may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially.  
 Intellectual Property Litigation  
 Convolve,  Inc. (“Convolve”) and Massachusetts Institute of Technology (“MIT”) v. Seagate
Technology  LLC, et al.  On July 13, 2000, Convolve and MIT filed suit against Compaq Computer Corporation and Seagate Technology LLC in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging
infringement of U.S. Patent No. 4,916,635 (the “‘635 patent”) and U.S. Patent No. 5,638,267 (the “‘267 patent”), misappropriation of trade secrets, breach of contract and other claims. On January 16,
2002, Convolve filed an amended complaint, alleging defendants were infringing U.S. Patent No. 6,314,473 (the “‘473 patent”). The district court ruled in 2010 that the ‘267 patent was out of the case.  
 On August 16, 2011, the district court granted in part and denied in part the Company’s motion for summary judgment. On July 1, 2013, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit: 1) affirmed the district court’s summary judgment rulings that Seagate did not misappropriate any of the alleged trade secrets and that the asserted claims of the ‘635 patent are invalid;
2) reversed and vacated the district court’s summary  judgment of non-infringement with respect  to the ‘473 patent; and 3) remanded the case for further proceedings on
the ‘473 patent. On July 11, 2014, the district court granted the Company’s further summary judgment motion regarding the ‘473 patent. On February 10, 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit: 1) affirmed the
district court’s summary judgment of no direct infringement by Seagate because Seagate’s ATA/SCSI  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 88  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
disk drives do not meet the “user interface” limitation of the asserted claims of the ‘473 patent; 2) affirmed the district court’s summary
 judgment of non-infringement by  Compaq’s products as to claims 1, 3, and 5 of the ‘473 patent because Compaq’s F10 BIOS interface does not meet the “commands” limitation
of those claims; 3) vacated the district court’s summary  judgment of non-infringement by Compaq’s  accused products as
 to claims 7-15 of the  ‘473 patent; 4) reversed the district court’s summary  judgment of non-infringement based on 
intervening rights; and 5) remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings on the ‘473 patent. In view of the rulings made by the district court and the Court of Appeals and the uncertainty regarding the amount of damages, if
any, that could be awarded Convolve in this matter, the Company does not believe that it is currently possible to determine a reasonable estimate of the possible range of loss related to this matter.  
 Lambeth Magnetic Structures LLC v. Seagate Technology (US) Holdings, Inc., et al.  On April 29, 2016, Lambeth Magnetic Structures LLC filed a
complaint against Seagate Technology (US) Holdings, Inc. and Seagate Technology LLC in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,128,988, “Magnetic Material Structures,
Devices and Methods.” The Company believes the claims asserted in the complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this case. The court issued its claim construction ruling on October 18, 2017. No trial date has been
set. On June 25, 2019, the court stayed and administratively closed the case for a period of 60 days, ending on August 26, 2019, for the purpose of facilitating settlement of the case at mediation. The court indicated that if the action
has not settled as of August 27, 2019, the court will issue an order scheduling trial and setting pretrial deadlines. While the possible range of loss for this matter remains uncertain, the Company estimates the amount of loss to be immaterial
to the financial statements.    Environmental Matters  
 The Company’s operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those
governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of the Company’s operations require environmental permits and controls to
prevent and reduce air and water pollution, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities.    The
Company has established environmental management systems and continually updates its environmental policies and standard operating procedures for its operations worldwide. The Company believes that its operations are in material compliance with
applicable environmental laws, regulations and permits. The Company budgets for operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental laws. If additional or more stringent requirements are imposed on the Company in the future,
it could incur additional operating costs and capital expenditures.    Some environmental laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (as amended, the “Superfund” law) and its state equivalents, can impose liability for the cost of cleanup of contaminated sites upon any of the current or former site owners or operators or upon
parties who sent waste to these sites, regardless of whether the owner or operator owned the site at the time of the release of hazardous substances or the lawfulness of the original disposal activity. The Company has been identified as a
responsible or potentially responsible party at several sites. At each of these sites, the Company has an assigned portion of the financial liability based on the type and amount of hazardous substances disposed of by each party at the site and the
number of financially viable parties. The Company has fulfilled its responsibilities at some of these sites and remains involved in only a few at this time.  
 While the Company’s ultimate costs in connection with these sites is difficult to predict with complete accuracy, based on its current estimates of
cleanup costs and its expected allocation of these costs, the Company does not expect costs in connection with these sites to be material.    The
Company may be subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations governing the environment, including those restricting the presence of certain substances in electronic products. For example, the European Union
(“EU”) enacted the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (2011/65/EU), which prohibits the use of certain substances, including lead, in certain products, including disk drives and
server storage products, put on the market after July 1, 2006. Similar legislation has been or may be enacted in other jurisdictions, including in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Taiwan, China, Japan and others. The European Union REACH
Directive (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals, EC 1907/2006) also restricts substances of very high concern (“SVHCs”) in products. If the Company or its suppliers fails to comply with the substance
restrictions, recycle requirements or  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 89  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
other environmental requirements as they are enacted worldwide, it could have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s business.  
 Other Matters    The Company is involved in a
number of other judicial, regulatory or administrative proceedings and investigations incidental to its business, and the Company may be involved in such proceedings and investigations arising in the normal course of its business in the future.
Although occasional adverse decisions or settlements may occur, the Company believes that the final disposition of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.  
   
 
 
 15. 
   Commitments  
 Unconditional Long-Term Purchase Obligations.  As of June 28, 2019, the Company had unconditional long-term purchase obligations of
approximately $212 million, primarily related to purchase minimum quarterly amounts of inventory components at fixed contractual prices. The Company expects the commitment to total $22 million, $13 million, $2 million,
$51 million, $48 million and $76 million for fiscal years 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025 and thereafter, respectively.    Leases .
The Company leases certain property, facilities and equipment under  non-cancelable  lease agreements. Land and facility leases expire at various dates through 2082 and contain various provisions for rental
adjustments including, in certain cases, a provision based on increases in the Consumer Price Index. In addition, certain leases provide for renewal of the lease at the Company’s option at expiration of the lease. The lease term begins on the
date of initial possession of the leased property for purposes of recognizing lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The Company does not assume renewals in its determination of the lease term unless the renewals are
deemed to be reasonably assured at lease inception. All of the leases require the Company to pay property taxes, insurance and normal maintenance costs, which are expensed as incurred.  
 Future minimum lease payments for operating leases (including accrued lease payments relating to restructuring plans) with initial or remaining terms of
one year or more were as follows at June 28, 2019 (lease payments are shown net of sublease income):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal Years Ending 
    
 Operating Leases (Dollars in millions) 
   


 
   2020 
    
 $ 
 20 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 17 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 9 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 8 
   
 
   2024 
    
   
 5 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 66 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 125 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Total rent expense for all land, facility and equipment operating leases, net of sublease income, was $18 million,
$22 million and $29 million for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.    Unconditional Long-term Capital Expenditures . As of
June 28, 2019, the Company had $23 million unconditional long-term commitment primarily related to purchases of equipment.      
 
 
 16. 
   Guarantees  
 Indemnifications of Officers and Directors    On
May 4, 2009, Seagate Technology, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“Seagate-Cayman”), then the parent company, entered into a new form of indemnification agreement (the
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 90  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  
“Revised Indemnification Agreement”) with its officers and directors of Seagate-Cayman and its subsidiaries (each, an “Indemnitee”). The Revised Indemnification Agreement
provides indemnification in addition to any of Indemnitee’s indemnification rights under Seagate-Cayman’s Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise, and indemnifies an Indemnitee for certain expenses (including attorneys’
fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in the right of Seagate-Cayman or any of its subsidiaries, arising out of his or her service as a
director, officer, employee or agent of Seagate-Cayman or any of its subsidiaries or of any other entity to which he or she provides services at Seagate-Cayman’s request. However, an Indemnitee shall not be indemnified under the Revised
Indemnification Agreement for (i) any fraud or dishonesty in the performance of Indemnitee’s duty to Seagate-Cayman or the applicable subsidiary of Seagate-Cayman or (ii) Indemnitee’s conscious, intentional or willful failure to
act honestly, lawfully and in good faith with a view to the best interests of Seagate-Cayman or the applicable subsidiary of Seagate-Cayman. In addition, the Revised Indemnification Agreement provides that Seagate-Cayman will advance expenses
incurred by an Indemnitee in connection with enforcement of the Revised Indemnification Agreement or with the investigation, settlement or appeal of any action or proceeding against him or her as to which he or she could be indemnified.  
 On July 3, 2010, pursuant to a corporate reorganization, the common shareholders of Seagate-Cayman became ordinary shareholders of Seagate
Technology plc (the “Company”) and Seagate-Cayman became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, as described more fully in the Current Report on Form  8-K  filed by the Company on July 6, 2010
(the “Redomestication”). On July 27, 2010, in connection with the Redomestication, the Company, as sole shareholder of Seagate-Cayman, approved a form of deed of indemnity (the “Deed of Indemnity”), which provides for the
indemnification by Seagate-Cayman of any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, Seagate-Cayman or any subsidiary of the Company (each, a “Deed Indemnitee”), in addition to any indemnification rights of a Deed Indemnitee under
the Company’s Articles of Association, applicable law or otherwise, with a similar scope to the Revised Indemnification Agreement. Seagate-Cayman entered into Deeds of Indemnity with certain Deed Indemnitees effective as of July 3, 2010
and continues to enter into Deeds of Indemnity with additional Deed Indemnitees from time to time.    The nature of these indemnification obligations
prevents the Company from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount it could be required to pay on behalf of its officers and directors. Historically, the Company has not made any significant indemnification payments under such
agreements and no amount has been accrued in the Company’s consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification obligations.  
 Intellectual Property Indemnification Obligations  
 The Company has entered into agreements with customers and suppliers that include limited intellectual property indemnification obligations that are
customary in the industry. These guarantees generally require the Company to compensate the other party for certain damages and costs incurred as a result of third party intellectual property claims arising from these transactions. The nature of the
intellectual property indemnification obligations prevents the Company from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount it could be required to pay to its customers and suppliers. Historically, the Company has not made any
significant indemnification payments under such agreements and no amount has been accrued in the Company’s consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification obligations.  
 Product Warranty    The Company estimates probable
product warranty costs at the time revenue is recognized. The Company generally provides warranty on its products for a period of 1 to 5 years. The Company’s warranty provision considers estimated product failure rate and trends, estimated
repair and replacement cost, and uses statistical modeling to estimate product return rates in order to determine its warranty obligation. As of June 28, 2019, the Company’s reserve for product warranty was $195 million as compared to
$237 million as of June 29, 2018. This decrease of $42 million was primarily driven by a continued decline in cost to repair and a decrease in the Company’s warranty return rate as compared to prior year.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 91  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  Changes in the Company’s product warranty liability during the fiscal years ended June 28,
2019, June 29, 2018 and June 30, 2017 were as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Years Ended 
   
 
   (Dollars in millions) 
    
 June 28, 2019 
   
    
 June 29, 2018 
   
    
 June 30, 2017 
   


 
   Balance, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 237 
   
    
 $ 
 233 
   
    
 $ 
 206 
   
 
   Warranties issued 
    
   
 112 
   
    
   
 147 
   
    
   
 131 
   
 
   Repairs and replacements 
    
   
 (99 
 )  
    
   
 (106 
 )  
    
   
 (114 
 )  
 
   Changes in liability for  pre-existing  warranties, including
expirations 
    
   
 (55 
 )  
    
   
 (37 
 )  
    
   
 10 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance, end of period 
    
 $ 
 195 
   
    
 $ 
 237 
   
    
 $ 
 233 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 17. 
   Subsequent Events  
 Dividend Declared    On July 30, 2019, the
Company’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.63 per share, which will be payable on October 9, 2019 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on September 25, 2019.  
 Sale of Certain Property    In July 2019, the
Company sold certain property in Asia previously classified as held for sale land and building of $23 million at June 28, 2019. No additional impairment loss or gain was incurred in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 92  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Seagate Technology public limited company  
 Opinion on the Financial Statements    We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Seagate Technology public limited company (plc) (the Company) as of June 28, 2019 and June 29, 2018, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 28, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 28, 2019 and June 29, 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 28, 2019, in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 28, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated August 2, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    Basis for Opinion  
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
   /s/ Ernst & Young LLP    We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 1980.    San Jose, California    August 2, 2019  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 93  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Seagate Technology public limited company  
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    We have audited Seagate
Technology public limited company (plc)’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 28, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Seagate Technology public limited company (plc) (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 28,
2019, based on the COSO criteria.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 28, 2019 and June 29, 2018, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended June 28, 2019 and the related notes and our report dated August 2, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    Basis for Opinion
   The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.    Our
audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    A
company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    /s/ Ernst & Young LLP  
 San Jose, California    August 2, 2019  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 94  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)  
 For quarterly financial data see “Part II, Item 6. Selected Financial Data.”  
   
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
 Not applicable.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 Conclusions Regarding Disclosure Controls and Procedures    Our
chief executive officer and our chief financial officer have concluded, based on the evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in  Rules 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) by our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of June 28, 2019.    Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in  Rules 13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO.    Based on our evaluation under the 2013 framework in  Internal
Control—Integrated Framework , our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 28, 2019. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 28,
2019 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form  10-K,  as stated in their
report that is included herein.    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or were reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls  
 Our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our
internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls have been designed to provide
reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Seagate have been
detected. An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of June 28, 2019. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance
level.      
 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
   OTHER INFORMATION  
 Not applicable.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 95  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  PART III      
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
 The information regarding our directors and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, set forth in the
sections entitled “Proposal 1—Election of Directors,” “Corporate Governance” and “Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days
of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to  Form 10-K  are hereby incorporated by reference in this section. In addition, the information set forth in Part I of this
report under “Item 1. Business—Executive Officers” is also incorporated by reference in this section.    We have adopted a Code of
Ethics that applies to the Chief Executive officer, the Chief Financial Officer, and the principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. This Code of Ethics is available on our Website and may be found at  www.seagate.com/investors/governance/code-of-ethics/.     We intend to
satisfy any disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of  Form 8-K  regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code of Ethics by posting such information on our Website in the
location specified above for the Code of Ethics.      
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
 The information regarding executive compensation required by this Item 11 set forth in the section entitled “Compensation of Named Executive
Officers” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to  Form 10-K  is hereby incorporated by reference
in this section.      
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
   The information regarding security ownership beneficial owners and management and related shareholders and equity compensation
plans required by this Item 12 set forth in the sections entitled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information,” respectively, in our Proxy Statement to be filed
with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to  Form 10-K  is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
 The information regarding certain relationships, related transactions and director independence required by this Item 13 set forth in the section
entitled “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to
 Form 10-K  is hereby incorporated by reference in this section.      
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  
 The information regarding principal accountant fees and services required by this Item 14 set forth in the section entitled “Fees of the
Independent Auditors” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to  Form 10-K  is hereby incorporated
by reference in this section.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 96  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  PART IV      
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
   EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  
   
 
 
 (a) 
   The following documents are filed as part of this Report:  
 1.   Financial Statements . The following Consolidated Financial Statements of Seagate Technology plc and Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Item 8:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page No. 
   


 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
   
 50 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
   
 51 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 52 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    
   
 53 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 54 
   
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 55 
   
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    
   
 93 
   
   2.   Financial Statement Schedules . All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the
required information is included in the Financial Statements or in the notes thereto.      
 
 
 (b) 
   Exhibits.  The following exhibits, as required by Item 601 of Regulation  S-K 
are attached or incorporated by reference as stated below.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 97  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     2.1 
    
 Scheme of Arrangement among Seagate Technology, Seagate Technology 
plc and the Scheme Shareholders (incorporated by reference to Annex A to Seagate Technology’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 5, 2010)  
    
 DEF 14A 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 Annex A 
   
    
   
 3/5/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     3.1 
    
 Constitution of Seagate Technology public limited company as amended and restated by Special
 Resolution dated October 19, 2016 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 3.1 
   
    
   
 10/24/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     3.2 
    
 Certificate of Incorporation of Seagate Technology plc 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 3.2 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.1 
    
 Description of Securities  
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.2 
    
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.3 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 
1, 2010, among Seagate Technology International, Seagate HDD Cayman and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, amending and supplementing the Indenture, dated as of September 
20, 2006, among Seagate Technology HDD Holdings, Seagate Technology and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 3/3/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.4 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 
13, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/14/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.5 
    
 Form of 6.875% Senior Notes due 2020 of Seagate HDD Cayman  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/14/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.6 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 
13, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Bank of America Securities LLC  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 5/14/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.7 
    
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 
3, 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as issuer, Seagate Technology, as original guarantor, Seagate Technology plc, as successor guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, amending and supplementing the Indenture, dated as of May 13,
 2010, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as issuer, Seagate Technology, as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 7/6/2010 
   
    
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 98  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
    
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.8 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 18, 2011, among Seagate HDD 
Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/18/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.9 
    
 Form of 7.000% Senior Note due 2021  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/18/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.10 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 18, 2011, among Seagate HDD 
Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 5/18/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.11 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 22, 2013, among Seagate HDD 
Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/22/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.12 
    
 Form of 4.75% Senior Note due 2023  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/22/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.13 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 
22, 2013, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 5/22/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.14 
    
 Indenture dated as of November 5, 2013, among Seagate HDD 
Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 11/5/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.15 
    
 Form of 3.75% Senior Note due 2018  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 11/5/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.16 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of November 
5, 2013, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 11/5/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.17 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 28, 2014, among Seagate HDD 
Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/28/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.18 
    
 Form of 4.75% Senior Note due 2025  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/28/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.19 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 
28, 2014, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 5/28/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.20 
    
 Indenture dated as of December 
2, 2014, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 12/2/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.21 
    
 Form of 5.75% Senior Note due 2034  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 12/2/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.22 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of December 
2, 2014, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 12/2/2014 
   
    
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 99  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
    
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.23 
    
 Indenture for the 2022 Notes, dated as of February 
3, 2017, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.24 
    
 Form of 4.250% Senior Note due 2022  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.25 
    
 Indenture for the 2024 Notes, dated as of February 
3, 2017, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.26 
    
 Form of 4.875% Senior Note due 2024  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.27 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement for the 2022 Notes, dated as of February 
3, 2017, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.5 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.28 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement for the 2024 Notes, dated as of February 
3, 2017, among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.6 
   
    
   
 2/3/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.29 
    
 Indenture dated as of May 
14, 2015, among Seagate HDD Cayman, as Issuer, Seagate Technology plc, as Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/14/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.30 
    
 Form of 4.875% Senior Note due 2027  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.1 
   
    
   
 5/14/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.31 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 
14, 2015 among Seagate HDD Cayman, Seagate Technology plc and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 5/14/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.1+ 
    
 Amended Seagate Technology plc 2001 Share Option Plan  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.2+ 
    
 Seagate Technology 
plc 2001 Share Option Plan Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Option Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy)  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.3+ 
    
 Amended Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.6 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.4+ 
    
 Seagate Technology 2004 Stock Compensation Plan Form of Option Agreement (For Outside Directors)
  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.7 
   
    
   
 11/4/2009 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.5+ 
    
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and
 Option Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy)  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.13 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 100  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
   
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
   
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.6+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Notice of Performance Share Bonus
Grant and Agreement (includes Compensation Recovery Policy)  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.16 
   
    
   
 8/20/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.7+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement
 (includes Compensation Recovery Policy)  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.19 
   
    
   
 11/3/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.8+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc 2004 Share Compensation Plan Form of Executive Performance Unit Agreement
 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.56 
   
    
   
 10/27/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.9+ 
   
 Amended and Restated Seagate Technology plc 2012 Equity Incentive Plan as amended and restated
 on October 19, 2016  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.4 
   
    
   
 10/27/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.10+ 
   
 Form of Outside Directors Restricted Share Unit Agreement for Seagate Technology public limited
 company pursuant to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.4 
   
    
   
 1/26/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.11+ 
   
 Form of Executive Performance Unit Agreement for Seagate Technology public limited company pursuant
 to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 1/26/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.12+ 
   
 Form of Employee Restricted Share Unit Agreement for Seagate Technology public limited company
 pursuant to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 1/26/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.13+ 
   
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement for Seagate Technology public limited company pursuant
 to the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 1/26/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.14+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 10/18/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.15+ 
   
 Dot Hill Systems Corp. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, as assumed by Seagate Technology
 public limited company  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 1/29/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.16+ 
   
 2015 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 1/30/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.16(a)+ 
   
 First Amendment to the 2015 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 10/30/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.16(b)+ 
   
 Second Amendment to the 2015 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.16(c)+ 
   
 Third Amendment to the 2015 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.6 
   
    
   
 2/4/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17+ 
   
 Seagate 2009 Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17(a)+ 
   
 First Amendment to 2009 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.26 
   
    
   
 5/5/2010 
   
    
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 101  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
   
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
   
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
   
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17(b)+ 
   
 Second Amendment to 2009 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.21 
   
   
   
 5/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17(c)+ 
   
 Third Amendment to 2009 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q/A 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.56 
   
   
   
 1/31/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17(d)+ 
   
 Fourth Amendment to 2009 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.4 
   
   
   
 1/30/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.17(e)+ 
   
 Fifth Amendment to 2009 Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.7 
   
   
   
 2/4/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.18+ 
   
 2010 Restated Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.27 
   
   
   
 5/5/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.18(a)+ 
   
 First Amendment to the 2010 Restated Seagate Deferred Compensation Plan  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.4 
   
   
   
 2/4/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.19+ 
   
 Seagate Deferred Compensation  Sub-Plan 
 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.28 
   
   
   
 5/5/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.19(a)+ 
   
 First Amendment to the Seagate Deferred Compensation  Sub-Plan
   
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.5 
   
   
   
 2/4/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.20+ 
   
 Seagate Technology plc Amended and Restated Executive Officer Performance Bonus Plan
 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
   
   
 11/4/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.21+ 
   
 Fifth Amended and Restated Seagate Technology Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan
  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
   
   
 8/8/2014 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.22+ 
   
 Summary description of Seagate Technology plc’s Compensation Policy for  Non-Management  Members of the Board of Directors with an Effective date of October 30, 2013  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.46 
   
   
   
 8/8/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.23+ 
   
 Offer Letter, dated as of January 
29, 2009, by and between Seagate Technology and Stephen J. Luczo  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.20 
   
   
   
 2/10/2009 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.24+ 
   
 Offer letter, dated as of July 
30, 2014, by and between Seagate US LLC and Philip Brace  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
   
   
 7/22/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.25+ 
   
 Memo Agreement with Albert A. “Rocky” Pimentel dated January 27, 2016
 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
   
   
 1/29/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.26+ 
   
 James J. Murphy Employee Relocation Assistance Lump Sum Repayment Agreement
 
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
   
   
 10/27/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.27 
   
 Form of Revised Indemnification Agreement between Seagate Technology and the director or officer named
 therein  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.4 
 (b)  
   
   
 5/6/2009 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.28 
   
 Second Priority Mortgage of Shares in Seagate Technology, dated March 
1, 2010, between Seagate Technology plc, as mortgagor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as mortgagee  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.23 
   
   
   
 3/3/2010 
   
    
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 102  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
    
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.29 
    
 Deed Poll of Assumption by Seagate Technology plc, dated July 2, 2010
 
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 7/6/2010 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.30 
    
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 
18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the lending institutions thereto, the Bank of Nova Scotia, as administrative agent, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated
and BNP Paribas as Syndication Agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agent  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.47 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.30(a) 
    
 First Amendment, dated August 
31, 2011, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 5/1/2018 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.30(b) 
    
 Second Amendment, dated April 
30, 2013, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 5/2/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.30(c) 
    
 Third Amendment, dated January 
15, 2015, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011  
    
 8-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 1/16/2015 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.30(d) 
    
 Fourth Amendment, dated as of April 
28, 2016, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 4/29/2016 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.31 
    
 U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 
18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.48 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.31(a) 
    
 First Amendment, dated as of April 
30, 2013, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 5/2/2013 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.32 
    
 Supplement no. 1 dated February 
7, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent
 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.45 
   
    
   
 8/9/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.33 
    
 Supplement no. 2 dated February 
22, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent
 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.48 
   
    
   
 8/9/2012 
   
    
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 103  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
    
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.34 
    
 Supplement no. 3 dated March 
19, 2012, to the U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent
 
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.50 
   
    
   
 8/9/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.35 
    
 U.S. Security Agreement, dated as of January 
18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Grantor parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.49 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.36 
    
 U.S. Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 
18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Pledgor parties thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.50 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.37 
    
 Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 
18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.52 
   
    
   
 2/3/2011 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.38 
    
 Supplement No. 1, dated February 
7, 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 
18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.46 
   
    
   
 8/9/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.39 
    
 Supplement No. 2, dated February 
22, 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 
18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.49 
   
    
   
 8/9/2012 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.40 
    
 Supplement No. 3, dated March 
19, 2012, to the Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of January 
18, 2011, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.51 
   
    
   
 8/9/2012 
   
    
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 104  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
    
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.41 
    
 September 
26, 2017 Equity Commitment Letter entered into by Seagate Technology plc and a consortium of investors led by Bain Capital Private Equity for the acquisition of Toshiba Memory Corporation  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 10/27/2017 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.42+ 
    
 Offer letter, dated July 25, 2017, by and between Seagate Technology and Steven 
J. Luczo  
    
 10-K 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.52 
   
    
   
 8/3/2018 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.43+ 
    
 Letter Agreement, dated November 
1, 2018 by and between Seagate Technology plc and Steven Luczo  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 11/2/2018 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.44+ 
    
 Offer Letter, dated August 
22, 2018 by and between Seagate US LLC and Geraldine Hottier-Fayon  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 2/4/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.45+ 
    
 Offer Letter, dated September 
6, 2018 by and between Seagate US LLC and Katherine R. Scolnick  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 2/4/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.46+ 
    
 Offer Letter, dated December 
3, 2018 by and between Seagate US LLC and Gianluca Romano  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 2/4/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.47 
    
 Credit Agreement, dated as of February 
20, 2019, by and among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas Securities Corp. and Morgan Stanley Senior
Funding, Inc., as Syndication Agents, and MUFG Bank, Ltd. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agents  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-35160 
   
    
   
 10.1 
   
    
   
 4/30/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.48 
    
 U.S. Guarantee Agreement, dated as of February 
20, 2019, among Seagate Technology public limited company and the subsidiaries party thereto, as Guarantors, and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.2 
   
    
   
 4/30/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.49 
    
 Indemnity, Subrogation and Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 
20, 2019, among Seagate Technology public limited company, Seagate HDD Cayman, as the Borrower, the subsidiaries party thereto, as Guarantors, and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Administrative Agent  
    
 10-Q 
    
   
 001-31560 
   
    
   
 10.3 
   
    
   
 4/30/2019 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   21.1 
    
 List of Subsidiaries  
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   23.1 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 105  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
   
    
   
    
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
   
    
   
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Exhibit Description 
    
 Form 
    
 File No. 
   
    
 Exhibit 
   
    
 Filing Date 
   
    
 Filed Herewith 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   24.1 
    
 Power of Attorney (see signature page to this annual report)  
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to  rules 
13a-14(a)  and  15d-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to  rules 
13a-14(a)  and  15d-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   32.1† 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to  Rule 
13a-14(b)  and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 X 
     
 
 
 + 
   Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
   
 
 
 † 
   The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form
 10-K,  are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Seagate Technology plc under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form  10-K,  irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 106  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 


 
 
   
 
   
 SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
   /s/ WILLIAM D. MOSLEY 
 
 Date: August 2, 2019 
   
 
   
 
   
 (William D. Mosley, Chief Executive Officer and Director) 
   POWER OF ATTORNEY  
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints William D. Mosley, Gianluca Romano,
and Katherine E. Schuelke, and each of them, as his/her true and lawful  attorneys-in-fact  and agents, with power to act with or without the others and with full power of
substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorneys and agents and each of them may deem necessary or desirable to enable the registrant to comply with the U.S. Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder in connection with the registrant’s Annual Report on  Form 10-K 
for the fiscal year ended June 28, 2019 (the “Annual Report”), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, power and authority to sign the name of the registrant and the name of the undersigned,
individually and in his/her capacity as a director or officer of the registrant, to the Annual Report as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, to any and all amendments thereto, and to any and all instruments or documents filed as
part thereof or in connection therewith; and each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys and agents and each of them shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    WILLIAM D. MOSLEY 
 (William D. Mosley) 
    
   Chief Executive Officer and Director   (Principle Executive
Officer) 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    GIANLUCA ROMANO 
 (Gianluca Romano) 
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    STEPHEN J. LUCZO 
 (Stephen J. Luczo) 
    
 Chairman of the Board 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    MARK W. ADAMS 
 (Mark W. Adams) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    JUDY BRUNER 
 (Judy Bruner) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    MICHAEL R. CANNON 
 (Michael R. Cannon) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    WILLIAM T. COLEMAN III 
 (William T. Coleman III) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 2, 2019 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 107  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 

 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    JAY L. GELDMACHER 
 (Jay L. Geldmacher) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    DYLAN HAGGART 
 (Dylan Haggart) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    STEPHANIE TILENIUS 
 (Stephanie Tilenius) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    EDWARD J. ZANDER 
 (Edward J. Zander) 
    
 Director 
   
 August 2, 2019 
 
      Seagate Technology public limited
company | 2019 Form 10-K | 108  

 

 
 
 
