
 10-K
 1
 mainbody.htm
 MAINBODY
 
 
 
 
 
 


 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

   

 FORM 10-K 

   

 
 
     [X] 
     Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
     
     
 
     
     For the year ended  June 30, 2015 
 
     
     
 
     [  ] 
     Transition Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
     
     
 
     
     For the transition period from __________ to   __________ 
 
     
     
 
     
     Commission
File Number:   333-198168 
 
   

 ASN Technologies, Inc. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

   

 
 
     Nevada 
     47-1210911 
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
     (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
   

 
 
     10291 South 1300 East, #118, Sandy, UT 84094 
 
     (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
   

 
 
     (385) 444-0767 
 
     (Registrant’s telephone number) 
 
     
 
     _______________________________________________________________ 
 
     (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [ ] Yes [X] No 

   

 Indicated by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Yes [X] No 

   

 Indicated by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] Yes [ ] No 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.  

   

 
 
     
         [ ] Large
        accelerated filer  
         [ ] Non-accelerated
        filer 
     
         [ ] Accelerated
        filer 
         [X] Smaller
        reporting company 
 
   

 Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [X] Yes [ ] No 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [ ] No [X] 

   

 The aggregate market value of the common equity
held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the average bid and asked price of such common equity as of the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter is: n/a. 

   

 As of September 11, 2015, there were 11,500,000
shares of common stock $0.001 par value, outstanding. 


 
           
     Table of Contents       
     

   

 
 
       
     TABLE
    OF CONTENTS 
       
 
     
     PART I – FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
     
 
     PART I 
     
     PAGE 
 
     Item 1 
     Business 
     3 
 
     Item 1A 
     Risk Factors 
     5 
 
     Item 1B 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     5 
 
     Item 2 
     Properties 
     5 
 
     Item 3 
     Legal Proceedings 
     5 
 
     Item 4 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     5 
 
     PART II 
     
     
 
     Item 5 
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     6 
 
     Item 6 
     Selected Financial Data 
     7 
 
     Item 7 
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     8 
 
     Item 7A 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     8 
 
     Item 8 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     9 
 
     Item 9 
     Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     10 
 
     Item 9A 
     Controls and Procedures 
     10 
 
     Item 9B 
     Other Information 
     10 
 
     PART III 
     
     
 
     Item 10 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     11 
 
     Item 11 
     Executive Compensation 
     12 
 
     Item 12 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     14 
 
     Item 13 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     15 
 
     Item 14 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
     15 
 
     PART IV 
     
     
 
     Item 15 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
     15 
 
     
     Signatures 
     
 
       
       
       
       
 

 
       2   
     Table of Contents       
     

 PART I 

   

 Item 1. Business. 

   

 Forward-Looking Statements 

   

 Certain statements, other than purely historical
information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results,
and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words “believes,” “project,” “expects,” “anticipates,”
“estimates,” “intends,” “strategy,” “plan,” “may,” “will,”
“would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which
may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual
effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations
and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory
changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties
should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

   

 Company Overview 

   

 We were incorporated as ASN Technologies, Inc.
on June 26, 2014 in the State of Nevada for the purpose of designing and developing a location-based mobile application that allows
users to share information about nearby social and other events. Our initial application, named death-valley, will allow users
to report, comment on, and view reports and comments about events happening around them. Unlike other applications, death-valley
will focus on the users’ locations, rather than socially-based networks, in order allow the sharing of nearby events in real
time. 

   

 The Death Valley Application 

   

 In today’s age of everything-mobile-everything-social
applications, we believe there is a void in the marketplace for applications that do not require an identified ‘who’.
Availability of ‘connected’ applications is sorely lacking for people who either care about privacy or want to remain
anonymous. We aim to provide mobile applications focusing on the other “5 Ws” (What, When, Where, How, not ‘Who’).
The first application that we plan to release is code-named ‘death-valley’. ‘death-valley’ is an application
that determines a user’s location and allows them to enter a comment about something around them, like an event, a performance,
or other happening. The application is somewhat like a geographically-based Twitter, but without the identified user, only the
tweet.  

 ‘death-valley’ will be unique in
that it will only allow users within a geographic proximity to see and post about current events within a limited distance of their
geographic radius. In other words, it would not be possible for someone in San Francisco to lookup events in Salt Lake City without
actually physically being near Salt Lake City itself. ‘death-valley’ automatically hides or removes ‘stale’
events so that only recent data is available. This helps answer the use case of a user flying into an unknown city and being able
to answer the question, “what are the interesting things around me?” Existing social network-based applications are
focused on answering “what happened at some point in the past as reported by some specific person in my social network?”
We believe that a significant number of mobile users will be interested in knowing “what is happening now and near me?” 

 The features and focus of the death-valley’
application will necessarily change over time as the system gains more users and we are able to determine what is most useful to
them. In addition, the success of the application will be dependent on a growing user base, as it will rely upon users to continue
inputting current events around them in order to be useful. Data restriction parameters (e.g., temporal attenuation, geographic
restriction) can be tuned at any time to allow more or less restriction depending on the success of the application. For instance,
if it becomes apparent that users in San Francisco are interested in events in Salt Lake City that happened last week, or possibly
last month, the default data restriction rules can be made less stringent. 

    

 Status and Development to Date 

   

 We have developed a prototype of ‘death-valley’
which has been deployed as a web application. Currently, the web application has the minimal functionality required to demonstrate
its core concepts. The current version can be explored for functional concept viability and will be expanded with additional features
going forward. When accessed, the application will obtain permission to track the user’s location and will display the user’s
location on a map, with a listing of nearby events. A description of reported events and the approximate time of the reports is
shown adjacent to the user’s location map. The user can click on a “report an event” button to report a new event
in their immediate vicinity. A report form then displays. The user’s latitude and longitude are shown and a text box is offered
for the user to type an event description. Clicking a “Create Event” button will post the event to the system and it
will be visible to users in the vicinity of the location from which the event was posted. 


 
       3   
     Table of Contents       
     

 Marketing and   Competition 

   

 The death-valley application is unique in that
the event postings made by, and available to, its users will be based on their current location and the current time, rather than
the identity of individuals in their social network. Although the application will in some sense compete with established social
applications like Twitter, Facebook, and others, our strategy is to take a different approach to mobile networking that is “a-social”
rather than social. In this way, we believe we can provide a different kind of utility to mobile users without directly challenging
the established social-based mobile applications. 

   

 We plan to initially market the application
using signage and flyers in bars, restaurants, airports, concert venues, and other busy locations. The signage will include a bar
code that can be scanned with the user’s mobile phone and will direct them to the application. Although we anticipate that
advertising will be the primary source of initial users of the application in the short term, we will look to word of mouth and
viral marketing as secondary sources leading to substantial future growth in the user base. There is no guarantee, however, that
our efforts will be successful and that we will be able to generate significant or sustained growth in active users of the death-valley
application. 

   

 There are several existing applications that
allow for location-based data and message filtering.  This general concept is not new and is employed by a wide variety of
web and mobile applications.  Examples include Google Earth, Yelp, Twitter, Facebook, and even IMDB for searching movies based
on a zip code. We believe that ‘death-valley’ is different from these various other applications, however, because
in our application the data is temporally-attenuated as well as arbitrarily restricted to a user’s current whereabouts. “Temporally-attenuated”
data means that data posted to the application drops off and is not displayed to users after a certain period of time has passed
since the posting of the data. Currently, the web-based prototype application is set to drop event postings from view after 24
hours from the time they were posted. The data itself is not intended to revolve around specific users, but anonymous contributors
in specific locations.  We believe that, when compared to other applications that allow for location-based filtering, our
application brings a greater focus on the ‘here’, ‘now’, and ‘what,’ rather than on just the
basic ability to filter by geography. 

   

 Revenue Model 

   

 Our methods for generating revenue from the
‘death-valley’ application will necessarily depend upon the future make-up of our user base as it develops and on the
additional features of the application as it grows and changes in response to the demands of our users. For our initial year of
operations, our primary goal will be to release the application and to begin growing a substantial user base. We intend to make
the application available for free to users. We expect that our initial source of revenues will come in the form of sponsored postings
by bars, restaurants, and other venues whereby these customers can, for a fee, post clearly identified sponsored events in their
venue to the application. For the foreseeable future, we intend to rely upon sponsored postings by advertisers as our source of
revenue. 

   

 Planned Operations 

   

 We have coded an initial version of the death-valley
application and are in the process of further developing and testing it. We originally intended to release the application in early
2015 and to undertake our initial marketing efforts shortly thereafter. Our development of the application has gone more slowly
than projected, however, and we are not yet ready to release the application to the public. We intend to commence our initial marketing
activity once the application is released. 

   

 Once we are able to release a fully-functional
web application, it can then be promoted to the public and demonstrated to potential advertisers who may be interested in posting
sponsored events. We intend our fully-functional web application to have improved visual design and aesthetics. In addition, the
fully-functional web app will likely feature the “tagging” of reported events by subject or keyword, making the application
searchable by users interested in certain types or categories of reported events. In addition to improving the usefulness of the
app, we believe this feature will also strengthen our efforts to market paid sponsored events to advertisers, who can target their
postings based on the subjects suggested by user tags and related searches. 

   

 Our ability to fund our operations for the
durations of the current fiscal year will be contingent upon us realizing sales revenue sufficient to fund our ongoing operating
expenses, and/or upon obtaining additional financing. 

   

 Research and Development Expenditures 

   

 We have not incurred any research or development
expenditures since our incorporation. 

    


 
       4   
     Table of Contents       
     

 Subsidiaries 

   

 We do not have any subsidiaries. 

   

 Intellectual Property 

   

 We do not own, either legally or beneficially,
any patent, trademark, or other significant intellectual property. 

   

 Regulatory Matters 

   

 We are unaware of and do not anticipate having
to expend significant resources to comply with any governmental regulations applicable to our planned operations. We are subject
to the laws and regulations which are generally applicable to business operations, such as business licensing requirements, income
taxes and payroll taxes. 

    

 Employees 

   

 We currently have no other employees other
than our sole officer and director, Daniel Davis. Mr. Davis is our President, CEO, CFO, and sole member of the Board of Directors.    

   

 Environmental Laws 

   

 We have not incurred and do not anticipate
incurring any expenses associated with environmental laws. 

   

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 

   

 A smaller reporting company is not required
to include this Item. 

   

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

   

 None 

   

 Item 2. Properties. 

   

 We do
not own any real property.  We maintain our corporate office at 10291 South 1300 East, #118, Sandy, UT 84094.  Our
sole officer and director provides office services without charge. There is no obligation for him to continue this arrangement. 

   

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

   

 There are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings,
or investigations that are currently pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened by or against the Company or respecting
its operations or assets, or by or against any of the Company’s officers, directors, or affiliates. 

   

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

   

 Not applicable. 

   


 
       5   
     Table of Contents       
     

 PART II 

   

 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

   

 Market Information 

   

 Our common
stock is quoted under the symbol “AWSN” on the electronic marketplace operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc.  

   

 The following tables set forth the range of
high and low prices for our common stock for the each of the periods indicated as reported by OTC Markets, Inc. These quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.   

   

 
 
     Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2015 
 
     Quarter Ended 
     
     High $ 
     
     Low $ 
 
     June 30, 2015 
     
     $0.01 
       
     $0.01 
 
     March 31, 2015 
     
     $0.01 
       
     $0.01 
 
     December 31, 2014 
     
     n/a 
       
     n/a 
 
     September 30, 2014 
     
     n/a 
     
     n/a 
 
     
 
     Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2014 
 
     Quarter Ended 
     
     High $ 
     
     Low $ 
 
     June 30, 2014 
     
     n/a 
     
     n/a 
 
   

 On September
11, 2015, the last quoted price per share of our common stock was $0.01. 

   

   Penny
Stock 

   

 The SEC
has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a market price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges
or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities
is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock,
to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level
of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker's
or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such
duties or other requirements of the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including
bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free
telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct
of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format,
as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

   

 The broker-dealer
also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations for the
penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which
such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock;
and (d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. 

   

 In addition,
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks,
and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

   

 These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may
have difficulty selling our securities. 

   


 
       6   
     Table of Contents       
     

 Stockholders of Our Common Shares 

   

 The Company has approximately 32 stockholders
of record of its common stock. As of September 11, 2015, we had 11,500,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

   

 Dividend Policy  

   

 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result,
we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

   

 Common stock 

   

 Our common stock is entitled to one vote per
share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as otherwise required
by law or provided in any resolution adopted by our Board of Directors with respect to any series of preferred stock, the holders
of our common stock will possess all voting power. Generally, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a
majority (or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality) of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of our common
stock that are present in person or represented by proxy, subject to any voting rights granted to holders of any preferred stock.
Holders of our common stock representing fifty percent (50%) of our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented
in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of our stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority
of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment
to our Articles of Incorporation. Our Articles of Incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. 

   

 Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding
series of preferred stock created by our Board of Directors from time to time, the holders of shares of our common stock will be
entitled to such cash dividends as may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors from funds available therefore. 

   

 Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding
series of preferred stock created from time to time by our Board of Directors, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the
holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata all assets available for distribution to such holders. 

   

 In the event of any merger or consolidation
with or into another company in connection with which shares of our common stock are converted into or exchangeable for shares
of stock, other securities or property (including cash), all holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive the same kind
and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property (including cash). Holders of our common stock have no pre-emptive
rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. 

   

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

   

 On June 30, 2014, our founder, president, CEO,
CFO, and sole director, Daniel Davis, subscribed for 10,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.001 per share, for
a total subscription price of $10,000. These shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and are
restricted shares as defined in the Securities Act.  We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. 

   

 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

   

 Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

   


 
       7   
     Table of Contents       
     

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

   

 Results
of Operations for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 and the period from June 26, 2014 (inception) to June 30, 2014. 

   

 We have not earned any revenues since the inception
of our current business operations. We incurred expenses and a net loss in the amount of $67,590 for the year ended June 30, 2015.
Our expenses during the year consisted of professional fees of $52,786 and general and administrative expense of 14,804. During
the period from June 26, 2014 (inception) to June 30, 2014, we incurred expenses and a net loss of $2,919. We anticipate our operating
expenses will increase as we continue with our plan of operations. 

   

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

   

 As of June 30, 2015, we had current assets
in the amount of $996, consisting entirely of cash. Our current liabilities as of June 30, 2015 were $46,505 and consisted entirely
of accrued expenses. Thus, we had a working capital deficit of $45,509 as of June, 2015. 

   

 

 During
the year ended June 30, 2015, operating activities used a net $24,004 in cash.  No cash was used in operating activities during
the period from June 26, 2014 (inception) to June 30, 2014.  During the year ended June 30, 2015, financing activities generated
$15,000 in cash from the sale of common stock.  During the period from June 26, 2014 (inception) to June 30, 2014, financing
activities generated $10,000 in cash from the sale of common stock. 



   

 Subsequent to the reporting period, on August
27, 2015, we borrowed the sum of $9,000 under a promissory note bearing interest at 8% per annum. The note is due the sooner of
90 days from written demand for repayment or August 27, 2017. 

   

 Our ability to operate for the duration of our current fiscal year
is contingent upon us obtaining additional financing and/or upon realizing sales revenue sufficient to fund our ongoing expenses.
Until we are able to sustain our ongoing operations through sales revenue, we intend to fund operations through debt and/or equity
financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures, working capital, or other cash requirements.
We do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the sales of stock or the advancement or loan of funds at this time.
There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 

   

 Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

   

 As of
June 30, 2015, there were no off balance sheet arrangements. 

   

 Critical
Accounting Policies 

   

 In December 2001, the SEC requested that all
registrants list their most “critical accounting polices” in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated
that a “critical accounting policy” is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company’s financial
condition and results, and requires management’s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the
need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Currently, we do not believe that any accounting
policies fit this definition. 

   

 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 We do not expect
the adoption of any recently issued accounting pronouncements to have an impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

 Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

   

 As a smaller reporting company, we are not
required to provide the information required by this Item. 


 
       8   
     Table of Contents       
     

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

   

 Index to Financial Statements Required by Article
8 of Regulation S-X: 

   

 Audited Financial Statements: 

   

 
 
     F-1 
     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
     F-2 
     Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2015 and 2014; 
 
     F-3 
     Statements of Operations for the year ended June 30, 2015 and the period from June 26, 2014 (Inception) to June 30, 2014 ; 
 
     F-4 
     Statement of Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the period from June 26, 2014 (Inception) to June 30, 2015; 
 
     F-5 
     Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended June 30, 2015 and the period from June 26, 2014 (Inception) to June 30, 2014; 
 
     F-6 
     Notes to Financial Statements 
 
   


 
       9   
     Table of Contents       
     

 

 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors
and stockholders’ of ASN Technologies, Inc. 

 We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of ASN Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2015 and 2014,
and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2015 and for the
period June 26, 2014 (Inception) through June 30, 2014.  ASN Technologies, Inc.’ s
management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audit. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 
ASN Technologies, Inc.  as of June 30, 2015 and 2014 and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2015 and for the period from June 26, 2014 (Inception) through June 30, 2014 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements the
Company has suffered net losses and has had negative cash flows from operating activities during the year ended June 30, 2015.These
matters raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans concerning
these matters are also described in Note 4. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 



   

 /s/
KLJ & Associates, LLP 

 

 
 
     Roselle, Illinois 
 
     September 18, 2015 
     
 


 

   

 

 
       F- 1   
       Table of Contents     
     

 ASN
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 As of June 30, 2015 and 2014 

   

 
 
       
     June 30, 2015   
     June 30, 2014 
 
     ASSETS 
         
       
 
     Current assets 
         
       
 
       Cash 
     $ 996     
     $ 10,000   
 
     Total current assets 
       996     
       10,000   
 
     Total assets 
     $ 996     
     $ 10,000   
 
       
             
           
 
     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
             
           
 
     LIABILITIES 
             
           
 
     Current Liabilities 
             
           
 
        Accrued expenses 
     $ 46,505     
     $ 2,919   
 
     Total Current liabilities 
       46,505     
       2,919   
 
       
             
           
 
     STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
             
           
 
     Common stock, $.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 11,500,000 (June 30, 2014 – 10,000,000) shares  issued and outstanding 
       11,500     
       10,000   
 
     Additional paid in capital 
       13,500     
       —     
 
      Accumulated Deficit 
       (70,509 )   
       (2,919 ) 
 
         Total stockholders’ equity 
       (45,509 )   
       7,081   
 
     TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
     $ 996     
     $ 10,000   
 

    

 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

 
       F- 2   
       Table of Contents     
     

 

 ASN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2015 AND  

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 26, 2014 (INCEPTION)
TO JUNE 30, 2014 

   

 
 
       
     Year ended  
June 30, 2015   
     The Period June 26, 2014 
( Inception) to  
June 30, 2014 
 
     Expenses 
             
           
 
         General and administrative expenses 
     $ 14,804     
     $ —     
 
         Professional fees 
       52,786     
       2,919   
 
     Total expenses 
       67,590     
       2,919   
 
       
             
           
 
     Net loss and comprehensive loss 
     $ (67,590 )   
     $ (2,919 ) 
 
       
             
           
 
     Net loss per share: 
             
           
 
       Basic and diluted 
     $ —       
     $ —     
 
      Weighted average shares outstanding: 
             
           
 
      Basic and diluted 
       10,875,000     
       2,000,000   
 

   

 

 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

 
       F- 3   
       Table of Contents     
     

 ASN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 Period from June 26, 2014 (Date of Inception)
through June 30, 2015  

   

 
 
     
     Common stock    
     Additional paid-in    
     Accumulated   
      Total Stockholder’s 
     
 
     
     Shares   
     Amount   
     capital   
     deficit   
     Equity 
     
 
     Inception, June 26, 2014 
       —       
     $ —       
     $ —       
     $ —       
     $ —     
     
 
     Issuance of common stock to founders for cash 
       10,000,000     
       10,000     
       —       
       —       
       10,000   
     
 
     Net loss for the period ended June 30, 2014 
       —       
       —       
       —       
       —       
       (2,919 ) 
     
 
     Balance, June 30, 2014 
       10,000,000     
       10,000     
       —       
       (2,919 )   
       7,081   
     
 
     Issuance of common stock for cash 
       1,500,000     
       1,500     
       13,500     
       —       
       15,000   
     
 
     Net loss for the period ended June 30, 2015 
       —       
       —       
       —       
       (67,590 )   
       (67,590 ) 
     
 
     Balance, June 30, 2015 
       11,500,000     
     $ 11,500     
     $ 13,500     
     $ (70,509 )   
     $ (45,509 ) 
     
 

   

 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

 
       F- 4   
       Table of Contents     
     

 ASN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2015 AND  

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 26, 2014 (INCEPTION)
TO JUNE 30, 2014 

   


 

 
 
       
     Year ended 
June 30, 2015   
     June 26, 2014 
(Inception) through 
June 30, 2014 
 
     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
             
           
 
       Net loss for the period 
     $ (67,590 )   
     $ (2,919 ) 
 
     Change in non-cash working capital items  
             
           
 
     Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses 
       43,586     
       2,919   
 
     CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
       (24,004 )   
       —     
 
       
             
           
 
     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
             
           
 
       Proceeds from sale of common stock 
       15,000     
       10,000   
 
       
             
           
 
     NET INCREASE IN CASH 
       (9,004 )   
       10,000   
 
       Cash, beginning of period 
       10,000     
       —     
 
       Cash, end of period 
     $ 996     
     $ 10,000   
 
       
             
           
 
     SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
             
           
 
         Interest paid 
     $ —       
     $ —     
 
         Income taxes paid 
     $ —       
     $ —     
 



   

 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

 


 
       F- 5   
       Table of Contents     
     

 ASN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2015 

   

 NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

   

 Nature of Business 

 ASN Technologies, Inc. (“ASN” or
the “Company”) was incorporated in Nevada on June 26, 2014. ASN has not yet realized any revenues from its planned
operations. ASN is currently in the business of developing a location-based mobile app for sharing information about social and
other events. 

   

 Basis of Presentation 

 The financial statements of the Company have
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in
US dollars. 

   

 Accounting Basis 

 The Company uses the accrual basis of accounting
and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP” accounting). The Company has adopted
a June 30 fiscal year end. 

   

 Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheet. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with the original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had $996 cash as of June 30, 2015. 

   

 Concentrations of Credit Risk 

 The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit
accounts, the balances of which at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company continually monitors its banking relationships
and consequently has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit
risk on cash and cash equivalents. 

   

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

 For purpose of this disclosure, the fair value
of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties,
other than in a forced sale or liquidation. The Company’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, and accrued
expenses. The carrying amount of the Company’s short term financial instruments approximates fair value due to the relatively
short period to maturity for these instruments. 

   

 Risks and Uncertainties 

 The Company's operations are subject to significant
risk and uncertainties including financial, operational, technological, and regulatory risks including the potential risk of business
failure.  See Note 4 regarding going concern matters. 

   

 
       F- 6   
       Table of Contents     
     

 ASN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2015 

   

 NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

   

 Income Taxes 

 Deferred income taxes reflect the net effect
of (a) temporary difference between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial purposes and the amounts used for
income tax reporting purposes, and (b) net operating loss carry-forwards. No net provision for refundable Federal income tax has
been made in the accompanying statement of loss because no recoverable taxes were paid previously. Similarly, no deferred tax asset
attributable to the net operating loss carry-forward has been recognized, as it is not deemed likely to be realized. 

   

 Basic Income (Loss) per Share 

 Basic income (loss) per share is calculated
by dividing the Company’s net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during
the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company’s net income available to common shareholders
by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. There are no common stock equivalents
as of June 30, 2015. 

   

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 On June 10, 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ("FASB") issued update ASU 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915).   Amongst
other things, the amendments in this update removed the definition of development stage entity from Topic 915, thereby removing
the distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from US GAAP.  In addition, the amendments
eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information on the statements of income,
cash flows and shareholders’ equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity;  (3)
disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged and (4) disclose in the first year in
which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage.  The amendments
are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2014 and interim reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2015, however entities are permitted to early adopt for any annual or interim reporting period for which the financial statements
have yet to be issued.  The Company has elected to early adopt these amendments and accordingly have not labeled the financial
statements as those of a development stage entity and have not presented inception-to-date information on the respective financial
statements. ASN does not expect the adoption of this accounting pronouncement to have a significant impact on the Company’s
results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

   

 Revenue Recognition 

 The Company has yet to realize revenues from
operations.  Once the Company has commenced operations, it will recognize revenues when delivery of goods or completion
of services has occurred provided there is persuasive evidence of an agreement, acceptance has been approved by its customers,
the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions, and collection of any related receivable
is probable. 

   


 
       F- 7   
       Table of Contents     
     

 ASN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2015 

   

 NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

   

 Stock-Based Compensation 

 As of June 30, 2015, the Company has not issued
any share-based payments to its employees or third-party consultants. 

   

 The Company will account for stock options
issued to employees and consultants under Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 718 “Compensation-Stock Compensation”.
Under ASC 718, share-based compensation cost to employees is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the
award, and is recognized as expense over the employee’s requisite vesting period. 

   

 The Company will measure compensation expense
for its non-employee stock-based compensation under ASC 505 “Equity”. The fair value of the option issued or committed
to be issued is used to measure the transaction, as this is more reliable than the fair value of the services received. The fair
value is measured at the value of the Company’s common stock on the date that the commitment for performance by the counterparty
has been reached or the counterparty’s performance is complete. The fair value of the equity instrument is charged directly
to stock-based compensation expense and credited to additional paid-in capital. 

   

 NOTE 2 – CAPITAL STOCK 

   

 The Company has 10,000,000 shares of $0.001
Preferred stock and 90,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock authorized. 

   

 On June 30, 2014, ASN issued 10,000,000 shares
of common stock to its founding shareholder for $10,000 cash. 

   

 On December 10, 2014, the Company issued 1,500,000
shares of common stock at $0.01 for cash proceeds of $15,000.  

   

 NOTE 3 – INCOME TAXES 

   

 As of June 30, 2015, the Company had net operating
loss carry forwards of approximately $70,509 that may be available to reduce future years’ taxable income through 2033. Future
tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization
is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating
to these tax loss carry-forwards. 

 
       F- 8   
       Table of Contents     
     

 

   

 

 NOTE 3 – INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED) 

   

 The provision for Federal income tax consists
of the following for the years ended June 30: 

   

 
 
       
     2015   
     2014 
 
     Federal income tax benefit attributable to: 
             
           
 
     Current operations 
     $ 22,981     
     $ 992   
 
     Less: valuation allowance 
       (22,981 )   
       (992 ) 
 
     Net provision for Federal income taxes 
     $ —       
     $ —     
 

   

 The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate
of 34% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows at June 30: 

   

   

 
 
       
     2015   
     2014 
 
     Deferred tax asset attributable to: 
             
           
 
     Net operating loss carryover 
     $ 23,973     
       992   
 
     Less: valuation allowance 
       (23,973 )   
       (992 ) 
 
     Net deferred tax asset 
     $ —       
       —     
 

   

 Due to the change in ownership provisions of
the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards of $70,509 for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject
to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership, occur net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future
years. 

   

 NOTE 4 – GOING CONCERN 

   

 ASN Technologies, Inc. has not generated any
revenues, has losses from operations, and has limited working capital to carry out its business plan. These factors create substantial
doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

   

 The ability of ASN Technologies, Inc. to continue
as a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock and/or obtaining debt financing
and attaining future profitable operations or acquiring or merging with a profitable company. Management’s plans include
selling its equity securities and obtaining debt financing to fund its capital requirements; however, there can be no assurance
the Company will be successful in these efforts. 

 
       F- 9   
       Table of Contents     
     

 

   

 NOTE 5– COMMITMENTS 

   

 ASN neither owns nor leases any real or personal
property. An officer has provided office services without charge. There is no obligation for the officer to continue this arrangement.
Such costs are immaterial to the financial statements and accordingly are not reflected herein. The officers and directors are
involved in other business activities and most likely will become involved in other business activities in the future. 

   

 NOTE 6 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

   

 On August 27, 2015, the Company issued a promissory
note payable in the amount of $ 9,000 bearing interest at 8% per annum. The note payable is due the sooner of 90 days from written
demand for repayment or August 27, 2017. 

   

 In accordance with ASC 855-10, the Company’s
management has analyzed its operations through the date on which the financial statements were issued, and has determined except
for events noted above it does not have any material subsequent events to disclose. 

   


 
       F- 10   
       Table of Contents     
     

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

   

 There are not and have not been any disagreements
between the Company and its accountants on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial statements disclosure. 

   

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

   

 As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this annual report, June 30, 2015. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

   

 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company’s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

   

 Based upon that evaluation, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as
of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

   

 Management’s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

   

 Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2015 based
on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of June 30, 2015, our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting, which are typical of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk
assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. 

   

 We plan to take steps to enhance and improve
the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have
not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following
changes during our fiscal year ending June 30, 2016: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation
of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial
reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover
the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely
affected in a material manner. 

   

 This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report
was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set
forth in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

   

 Item 9B. Other Information. 

   

 None. 


 
       10   
     Table of Contents       
     

 PART III 

   

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

   

 Our executive officer and director and his age
as of the date of this Prospectus is as follows: 

   

 
 
     Name 
     Age 
     Position(s) and Office(s) Held 
 
     Daniel Davis 
     36 
     President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
   

 Set forth below is a brief description of the
background and business experience of our current executive officer and director. 

   

 Daniel Davis.    Mr. Davis
was appointed as our President, CEO, CFO, and sole Director concurrently with his founding of the company on June 26, 2014.  Mr.
Davis currently works as a Data Analyst in the Accounting / Analytics department at Academy Mortgage Corporation, a position he
has held since September of 2013. From March of 2013 to September of 2013, he served as an Operations Executive at Infosys Limited.
From May of 2006 through March of 2013, Mr. Davis worked in a variety of areas at Select Portfolio Services (SPS), including Fulfillment
Center, Loan Resolution, System Support, and Information Technologies. Infosys rebadged Mr. Davis after a strategic decision by
SPS to realign their Information Technologies department. Mr. Davis was with Wells Fargo Financial from January of 2003 through
May of 2006, where he served as a Credit Manager and Assistant Store Manager. Mr. Davis holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business
Management with a Finance emphasis from Brigham Young University (April 2003). 

   

 Family Relationships 

   

 There are no family relationships between or
among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

   

 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

   

 To the best of our knowledge, during the past
ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director, executive officer, or employee: (1) any
bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject
to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment
or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining,
barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; (4)
being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to
have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated;
and (5) being otherwise involved in any legal proceeding described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 Committees of the Board 

   

 Our directors are appointed for a one-year
term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our
bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 

   

 Until further determination by the board, the
full board of directors will undertake the duties of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating Committee. 

   


 
       11   
     Table of Contents       
     

 Audit Committee 

   

 We do not have a separately designated standing
audit committee. The entire Board of Directors performs the functions of an audit committee, but no written charter governs the
actions of the Board when performing the functions of what would generally be performed by an audit committee. The Board approves
the selection of our independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss issues related
to financial reporting. In addition, the Board reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent accountants, reviews
with management and the independent accountants our annual operating results, considers the adequacy of our internal accounting
procedures and considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the performance
of the independent auditor. Our Board of Directors, which performs the functions of an audit committee, does not have a member
who would qualify as an “audit committee financial expert” within the definition of Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation
S-K. We believe that, at our current size and stage of development, the addition of a special audit committee financial expert
to the Board is not necessary. 

   

 Nomination Committee 

   

 Our Board of Directors does not maintain a
nominating committee. As a result, no written charter governs the director nomination process. Our size and the size of our Board,
at this time, do not require a separate nominating committee. 

   

 When evaluating director nominees, our directors
consider the following factors: 

 
 
     
     
 
     - 
     The appropriate size of our Board of Directors; 
 
     - 
     Our needs with respect to the particular talents and experience of our directors; 
 
     - 
     The knowledge, skills and experience of nominees, including experience in finance, administration or public service, in light of prevailing business conditions and the knowledge, skills and experience already possessed by other members of the Board; 
 
     - 
     Experience in political affairs; 
 
     - 
     Experience with accounting rules and practices; and 
 
     - 
     The desire to balance the benefit of continuity with the periodic injection of the fresh perspective provided by new Board members. 
 
   

 Our goal is to assemble a Board that brings
together a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high quality business and professional experience. In doing so, the
Board will also consider candidates with appropriate non-business backgrounds. 

 Other than the foregoing, there are no stated
minimum criteria for director nominees, although the Board may also consider such other factors as it may deem are in our best
interests as well as our stockholders. In addition, the Board identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of the
Board willing to continue in service. Current members of the Board with skills and experience that are relevant to our business
and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination. If any member of the Board does not wish to continue
in service or if the Board decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election, the Board then identifies the desired skills and
experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria above. Current members of the Board are polled for suggestions as to individuals
meeting the criteria described above. The Board may also engage in research to identify qualified individuals. To date, we have
not engaged third parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees, although we reserve the right in
the future to retain a third party search firm, if necessary. The Board does not typically consider shareholder nominees because
it believes that its current nomination process is sufficient to identify directors who serve our best interests. 

   

 Code of Ethics 

   

 We currently have not adopted a code of ethics
for the Board or executives. 

   

 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

   

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

   

 The Company presently not does have employment
agreements with its executive officer and it has not established a system of executive compensation or any fixed policies
regarding compensation of executive officers.  Due to financial constraints typical of those faced by a development stage
business, the company has not paid any cash and/or stock compensation to its named executive officer. 

   


 
       12   
     Table of Contents       
     

 Summary Compensation Table 

   

 The table below summarizes all compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to each named executive officer for our last two completed fiscal years for all services rendered
to us. 

   

 
 
     SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
     
         Name and 
         principal position 
     Year 
     
         Salary 
         ($) 
     
         Bonus 
         ($) 
     
         Stock Awards 
         ($) 
     
         Option 
         Awards 
         ($) 
     
         Non-Equity 
         Incentive Plan 
         Compensation 
         ($) 
     
         Nonqualified 
         Deferred 
         Compensation 
         Earnings ($) 
     
         All Other 
         Compensation 
         ($) 
     
         Total 
         ($) 
 
     Daniel Davis, President, CEO, CFO, and director 
     
         2014 
         2015 
           
     
         0 
         0 
     
         0 
         0 
     
         0 
         0 
     
         0 
         0 
     
         0 
         0 
     
         0 
         0 
     
         0 
         0 
     
         0 
         0 
 
   

   

 Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation
Table 

   

 Our named executive officer does not currently
receive any compensation from the Company for his service as an officer of the Company. 

     

 Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-end
Table 

   

 The table below summarizes all unexercised options,
stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer outstanding as of the end of our last
completed fiscal year. 

   

 
 
     OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
     OPTION AWARDS 
       
       
     STOCK AWARDS 
     
 
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Name 
     
     
     
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
         Number of 
         Securities 
         Underlying 
         Unexercised 
         Options 
         (#) 
         Exercisable 
     
     
     
     
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
         Number of 
         Securities 
         Underlying 
         Unexercised 
         Options (#) 
         Unexercisable 
     
     
     
     
           
           
           
           
           
         Equity 
         Incentive Plan 
         Awards: 
         Number of 
         Securities 
         Underlying 
         Unexercised 
         Unearned 
         Options 
         (#) 
     
     
     
     
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
         Option 
         Exercise Price 
        ($) 
     
     
     
     
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
           
         Option 
         Expiration 
         Date  
     
     
       
   
   
   
   
   
 Number  
 of  
 Shares  
 or Shares  
 of  
 Stock That  
 Have  
 Not  
 Vested  
 (#) 
     
     
     
           
           
           
         Market 
         Value 
         of 
         Shares 
         or 
         Shares 
         of 
         Stock 
         That 
         Have 
         Not 
         Vested 
         ($) 
     
     
     
     
           
         Equity 
         Incentive Plan 
         Awards: Number 
         of 
         Unearned Shares, 
         Shares or 
         Other 
         Rights 
         That Have Not 
         Vested 
         (#) 
     
     
     
     
         Equity 
         Incentive 
         Plan 
         Awards: 
         Market or 
         Payout 
         Value of 
         Unearned 
         Shares, 
         Shares or 
         Other 
         Rights 
         That 
         Have Not Vested 
         (#) 
     
 
     Daniel Davis 
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     0 
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
 
   


 
       13   
     Table of Contents       
     

 Compensation of Directors Table 

   

 The table below summarizes all compensation paid
to our director for our last completed fiscal year.  

   

 
 
     DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
     Name 
     
     
     
         Fees Earned or 
         Paid in 
         Cash 
         ($) 
     
     
     
     
           
           
         Stock Awards 
         ($) 
     
     
     
     
           
           
         Option Awards 
         ($) 
     
     
     
     
         Non-Equity 
         Incentive 
         Plan 
         Compensation 
         ($) 
     
     
     
     
         Non-Qualified 
         Deferred 
         Compensation 
         Earnings 
         ($) 
     
     
     
     
           
         All 
         Other 
         Compensation 
         ($) 
     
     
     
     
           
           
           
         Total 
         ($) 
     
 
     Daniel Davis  
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
     
     
     0 
     
 
   

 Narrative Disclosure to the Director Compensation
Table 

   

 Our directors do not currently receive any compensation
from the Company for their service as members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

   

   Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

   

 To date, we have not adopted a stock option
plan or other equity compensation plan and have not issued any stock, options, or other securities as compensation. 

   

 Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification
for Securities Act Liabilities 

   

 In accordance with the provisions in our articles
of incorporation, we will indemnify an officer, director, or former officer or director, to the full extent permitted by law. 

   

 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim
for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer
or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer
or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter
has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification
by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

   

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

   

 The following table sets forth, as of September
11, 2015, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer and director, by each person known by us to beneficially
own more than 5% of the our common stock and by the executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated,
all shares are owned directly and the percentage shown is based on 11,500,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

   

 
 
     
           
         Title of class 
     
     Name and address of beneficial owner 
     
     Amount of  
 beneficial ownership 
     
     Percent  
 of class 
 
     
     Common 
     
     
     
         Daniel Davis 
         10291 South 1300 East, #118 
         Sandy, UT 84094 
     
     
     10,000,000 
     
     
     
     86.96 
     % 
 
     
     Common 
     
     
     Total all executive officers and directors 
     
     
     10,000,000 
     
     
     
     86.96 
     % 
 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
     
     Common 
     
     
     Other 5% Shareholders 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
     
     
     
     
     None 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 
   


 
       14   
     Table of Contents       
     

 As used in this table, "beneficial ownership"
means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect
to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). In addition, for purposes of this table,
a person is deemed, as of any date, to have "beneficial ownership" of any security that such person has the right to
acquire within 60 days after such date. 

   

 The persons named above have full voting and
investment power with respect to the shares indicated.  Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a
person (or group of persons) is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly,
has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition
of such security.  Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. A person
is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such as options
or warrants to purchase our common stock. 

   

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

   

 Except as set forth below, none of our directors
or executive officers, nor any proposed nominee for election as a director, nor any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly,
shares carrying more than 5% of the voting rights attached to all of our outstanding shares, nor any members of the immediate family
(including spouse, parents, children, siblings, and in-laws) of any of the foregoing persons has any material interest, direct
or indirect, in any transaction since our incorporation or in any presently proposed transaction which, in either case, has or
will materially affect us. 

   

 1. 
  On June 30, 2014, our founder, president, CEO, CFO, and sole director,
Daniel Davis, subscribed for 10,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.001 per share, for a total subscription price
of $10,000. 

   

 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

   

 Below is the aggregate amount of fees billed
for professional services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal years. 

   

 
 
       
     2015   
     2014 
 
     Audit fees 
     $ 5,500     
     $ 5,500   
 
     Audit related fees 
     $ 3,750     
     $ —     
 
     Tax fees 
     $ —       
     $ —     
 
     All other fees 
     $ —       
     $ —     
 
     Total 
     $ 9,250     
     $ 5,500   
 

   

 All of the professional services rendered by
principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board of directors. 

   

 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

   

 
 
     Exhibit Number 
     Description of Exhibit 
 
     3.1  
     Articles of Incorporation (1) 
 
     3.2 
     Bylaws (1) 
 
     10.1 
     Promissory Note dated August 27, 2015 
 
     31.1 
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
     31.2 
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
     32.1 
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
     101 
     Materials from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2015 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL). 
 
   

 (1)  Incorporated
by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed August 15, 2014. 

   


 
       15   
     Table of Contents       
     

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
 
     
     ASN Technologies, Inc. 
 
     
     
 
     Date: 
     September 18, 2015 
 
       
     
           
           
 
     By: 
     
         /s/ Daniel Davis 
         Daniel Davis 
 
     Title: 
     Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
    

 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated: 

   

 
 
     
     ASN Technologies, Inc. 
 
     
     
 
     Date: 
     September 18, 2015 
 
       
     
           
           
 
     By: 
     
         /s/ Daniel Davis 
         Daniel Davis 
 
     Title: 
     Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
   

 
       16   
         
     

 


 
 
 
 
