
 10-K
 1
 a2218344z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 3 
 

 


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

       

   
    

 UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549   

 Form 10-K   
  
 

 


 


  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Mark One) 
   
   
 
 
 ý 
   
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013 
 
 
  OR 
 
 
 o 
   
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                           TO
                          . 
 
 
  Commission file number: 001-33807   
 
 
 
  
  EchoStar Corporation    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Nevada 
   
 26-1232727 
 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
 100 Inverness Terrace East, Englewood, Colorado 
   
 80112-5308 
 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
 
 
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (303) 706-4000 
 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
   
   
 
 
 Title of each class   
   
 
Name of each exchange on which registered   
 
 
 Class A common stock, $0.001 par value 
   
 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
 
 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
   
 None 
 
 
 
 
  
  Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes  ý     No  o   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes  o     No  ý   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes  ý     No  o   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). Yes  ý     No  o   

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.  o   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
"large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
  Accelerated filer  o 
   
  Non-accelerated filer  o   (Do not check if a smaller 
reporting company) 
   
  Smaller reporting company  o 
 
 
 
  
  Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes  o     No  ý   

 As of June 28, 2013, the aggregate market value of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $1.63 billion based upon the closing
price of the Class A common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market as of the close of business on that date.  


 As
of February 13, 2014, the registrant's outstanding common stock consisted of 42,855,812 shares of Class A common stock and 47,687,039 shares of Class B common stock, each
$0.001 par value.  

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

 The following documents are incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference:  

 Portions
of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with its 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part III.  


 
   

 
 
 
 

 


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   

   
   TABLE OF CONTENTS          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
    Disclosure Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
   
 i 
 
 
    PART I 
 
 
   Item 1. 
   
   Business 
   
 
1 
 
 
   Item 1A. 
   
   Risk Factors 
   
 20 
 
 
   Item 1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
 37 
 
 
   Item 2. 
   
   Properties 
   
 38 
 
 
   Item 3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
   
 38 
 
 
   Item 4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
 44 
 
 
    PART II 
 
 
   Item 5. 
   
   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
 
45 
 
 
   Item 6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
   
 45 
 
 
   Item 7. 
   
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
   
 47 
 
 
   Item 7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
   
 77 
 
 
   Item 8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
 79 
 
 
   Item 9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
   
 79 
 
 
   Item 9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
   
 79 
 
 
   Item 9B. 
   
   Other Information 
   
 80 
 
 
    PART III 
 
 
   Item 10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 
   
 
82 
 
 
   Item 11. 
   
   Executive Compensation 
   
 82 
 
 
   Item 12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters 
   
 82 
 
 
   Item 13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 
   
 82 
 
 
   Item 14. 
   
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
 82 
 
 
    PART IV 
 
 
   Item 15. 
   
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
 
83 
 
 
   
   
   Signatures 
   
 90 
 
 
   
   
   Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 F-1 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS          

 We make "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 throughout this report. Whenever you
read a statement that is not simply a statement of historical fact (such as when we describe what we "believe," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "project," "expect" or "anticipate" and other similar
statements), you must remember that such statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations, estimates, and assumptions and that our expectations, estimates and assumptions may not be achieved,
even though we believe they are reasonable. We do not guarantee that any future transactions or events described herein will happen as described or that they will happen at all. You should read this
report completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from those expressed in, or implied, or projected by the forward-looking statements and information.
Whether actual events or results will conform to our expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our
control.  

 For
further discussion of these risks and uncertainties, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the
following:  

  General Risks Affecting Our Business   

 
 
 • We currently derive a significant portion of our revenue from our primary customer, DISH Network Corporation ("DISH
Network"). The loss of, or a significant reduction in, orders from, or a decrease in selling prices of digital set-top boxes, transponder leasing, provision of digital broadcast services, broadband
equipment and services and/or other products or services to DISH Network would significantly reduce our revenue and adversely impact our results of operations.    
 • We could face decreased demand and increased pricing pressure to our products and services due to competition.    
 • The average selling price and gross margins of our digital set-top boxes have been decreasing and may decrease even
further, which could negatively impact our financial position and results of operations.  
 • If significant numbers of television viewers are unwilling to pay for pay-TV services that utilize digital set-top boxes,
we may not be able to sustain our current revenue level.  
 • We may have unused satellite capacity in our EchoStar Satellite Services segment, and our results of operations may be
materially adversely affected if we are not able to lease this capacity to third parties, including DISH Network.  
 • The failure to adequately anticipate the need for satellite capacity or the inability to obtain satellite capacity for our
Hughes segment could harm our results of operations.  
 • We are dependent upon third-party providers for components, manufacturing, installation services, and customer support
services, and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected if any of these third-party providers fail to appropriately deliver the contracted goods or services.    
 • Our foreign operations expose us to regulatory risks and restrictions not present in our domestic operations.    
 • We may experience significant financial losses on our existing investments.    
 • We may pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions to complement or expand our business, which may not be
successful and we may lose a portion or all of our investment in these acquisitions and transactions.  
 
 i 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • We may not be able to generate cash to meet our debt service needs or fund our operations.    
 • Covenants in Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation's ("HSS") indentures restrict its business in many ways.    
 • We rely on key personnel and the loss of their services may negatively affect our businesses.  
 

  Risks Related to Our Satellites   

 
 
 • Our owned and leased satellites in orbit are subject to significant operational and environmental risks that could limit
our ability to utilize these satellites.  
 • Our satellites have minimum design lives ranging from 12 to 15 years, but could fail or suffer reduced capacity
before then.  
 • Our satellites under construction are subject to risks related to construction and launch that could limit our ability to
utilize these satellites.  
 • We generally do not have commercial insurance coverage on the satellites we use and could face significant impairment
charges if one of our uninsured satellites fails.  
 • Our use of certain satellites is often dependent on satellite coordination agreements, which may be difficult to obtain.    
 • Our dependence on outside contractors could result in delays related to the design, manufacture and launch of our new
satellites, which could in turn adversely affect our operating results.  
 

  Risks Related to Our Products and Technology   

 
 
 • If we are unable to properly respond to technological changes, our business could be significantly harmed.    
 • Our future growth depends on growing demand for advanced technologies.  
 • Our business depends on certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of
others. The loss of our intellectual property rights or our infringement of the intellectual property rights of others could have a significant adverse impact on our business.    
 • We are party to various lawsuits which, if adversely decided, could have a significant adverse impact on our business,
particularly lawsuits regarding intellectual property.  
 • If the encryption and related security technology used in our digital set-top boxes is compromised, sales of our digital
set-top boxes may decline.  
 • We rely on network and information systems and other technologies and a disruption, cyber-attack, failure or destruction
of such networks, systems or technologies may disrupt or harm our business.  
 • If our products contain defects, we could be subject to significant costs to correct such defects and our product and
network service contracts could be delayed or cancelled, which could adversely affect our revenue.  
 

  Risks Related to the Regulation of Our Business   

 
 
 • Our business is subject to risks of adverse government regulation.  
 
 ii 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • Our business depends on regulatory authorizations issued by the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") and state and
foreign regulators, that can expire, be revoked or modified, and applications for licenses and other authorizations that may not be granted.  
 • Our ability to sell our digital set-top boxes to certain operators depends on our ability to obtain licenses to use the
conditional access systems utilized by these operators.  
 • We may face difficulties in accurately assessing and collecting contributions towards the Universal Service Fund.  
 

  Other Risks   

 
 
 • We are controlled by one principal stockholder who is our Chairman.  
 • We have potential conflicts of interest with DISH Network due to our common ownership and management.    
 • It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our shareholders, because of
our capital structure.  
 • We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic and current reports we file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC").  
 

 All
cautionary statements made herein should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements wherever they appear. Investors should consider the risks and uncertainties described herein
and should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no responsibility for updating forward-looking information contained or incorporated by reference herein or in other
reports we file with the SEC.  

 In
this report, the words "EchoStar," the "Company," "we," "our" and "us" refer to EchoStar Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. "DISH Network" refers to DISH
Network Corporation and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires.  

 iii 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART I          

   
       Item 1.    BUSINESS          

  OVERVIEW   

 EchoStar Corporation (together with its subsidiaries is referred to as "EchoStar," the "Company," "we," "us" and/or "our") is a holding company that
was organized in October 2007 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada. In 2008, DISH Network Corporation and its subsidiaries ("DISH Network") completed its distribution to us of its
digital set-top box business and certain infrastructure and other assets, including certain of their satellites, uplink and satellite transmission assets, real estate, and other assets and related
liabilities to us (the "Spin-off"). Since the Spin-off, EchoStar and DISH Network have operated as separate publicly-traded companies, and as of December 31, 2013, neither entity has any
ownership interest in the other (See Note 20 of this report for a discussion of our subsequent events). However, a substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of both companies is
beneficially owned by Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family. Our Class A common stock is publicly traded on
the Nasdaq Global Select Market ("Nasdaq") under the symbol "SATS." We are a global provider of satellite operations, video delivery solutions, digital set-top boxes, and broadband satellite
technologies and services for home and office, delivering innovative network technologies, managed services, and solutions for enterprises and governments.  

 We
currently operate in three business segments.  

 
 
 • EchoStar Technologies —which designs, develops and distributes
digital set-top boxes and related products and technology, primarily for satellite TV service providers, telecommunication companies and international cable companies. Our EchoStar Technologies
segment also provides digital broadcast operations, including satellite uplinking/downlinking, transmission services, signal processing, conditional access management, and other services, primarily to
DISH Network. In addition, we provide our Slingboxes directly to consumers via retail outlets and online.  
 • Hughes —which provides satellite broadband internet access to
North American consumers and broadband network services and equipment to domestic and international enterprise markets. The Hughes segment also provides managed services to large enterprises and
solutions to customers for mobile satellite systems.  
 • EchoStar Satellite Services —which uses certain of our owned
and leased in-orbit satellites and related licenses to lease capacity on a full-time and occasional-use basis primarily to DISH Network and secondarily to Dish Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ("Dish
Mexico"), a joint venture that we entered into in 2008, as well as United States ("U.S.") government service providers, state agencies, internet service providers, broadcast news organizations,
programmers, and private enterprise customers.  
 

 Our
operations also include real estate and other activities that have not been assigned to our operating segments, costs incurred in business development activities, expenses of various corporate
departments, and our centralized treasury activities, including income from our investment portfolio and interest expense on our debt.  

  BUSINESS STRATEGIES   

  Capitalize on demand for broadband services.     We intend to capitalize on the demand for satellite-delivered broadband services and enterprise solutions by
utilizing, among other things, our industry expertise, technology leadership, satellite capacity, and high-quality, reliable service to continue growth in consumer subscribers and the enterprise
market.  

 1 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Expand satellite capacity and related infrastructure.     Our expertise in the identification, acquisition and development of satellite spectrum rights and satellite
operations, together with existing or acquired infrastructure will provide opportunities to cross sell services, bundle satellite broadband and video services, and explore opportunities in new
markets. We believe market opportunities exist that will facilitate the acquisition or leasing of satellite capacity which will enable us to provide services to a broader customer base, including
providers of pay-TV services, satellite-delivered broadband, corporate communications, and government services.  

  Exploit international opportunities.     We believe that direct-to-home ("DTH") satellite and broadband services are particularly well-suited for countries without
extensive telecommunications and cable infrastructure. We intend to selectively pursue partnerships, joint ventures and strategic acquisition opportunities that allow us to capitalize on our extensive
experience in delivering end-to-end broadband and pay-TV consumer services.  

  Expand our set-top box and customer premise equipment sales.     With our extensive experience in designing, developing, manufacturing and distributing digital set-top
boxes and related products, we believe we can leverage the broader adoption of advanced technologies such as whole home DVR, placeshifting for TVAnywhere, hybrid internet offerings and other in-home
solutions to create opportunities for us. Therefore, we continue to explore opportunities, including partnerships, joint ventures and strategic acquisitions, to expand our existing markets or enter
new markets. In addition, we intend to seek opportunities to license our technology to other original equipment manufacturers or pay-TV providers.  

  Develop improved technologies.     The engineering capabilities of our combined business units provides us with the opportunity to develop and deploy cutting edge
technologies, license our technologies to others, and maintain a leading technological position in the industries in which we are active.  


  BUSINESS SEGMENTS   

  ECHOSTAR TECHNOLOGIES SEGMENT   

  Our Products   

  Digital Set-Top Boxes.     Our EchoStar Technologies segment offers a wide range of digital set-top boxes
that allow consumers to watch and control their television programming and contain a variety of other capabilities and functionality. Our current digital set-top boxes
include:  

 
 
 • High-definition ("HD") digital set-top boxes.   These
devices allow consumers who subscribe to television services from multi-channel video distributors to access the enhanced picture quality and sound of high-definition content, in addition to the
standard-definition ("SD") functionality of our SD digital set-top boxes.     
 • SD digital set-top boxes.   These devices allow consumers
who subscribe to television service from multi-channel video distributors to access encrypted digital video and audio content.  
 

 Certain
models of our HD digital set-top boxes and SD digital set-top boxes also contain certain of the following advanced capabilities and functionalities:  

 
 
 • Interactive Applications.   Include an on-screen program
guide, pay-per-view offerings, video content/meta-data enhancing user applications, social media, games, and shopping.     
 • Digital Video Recorder ("DVR").   Enables subscribers to
pause, stop, reverse, fast forward, record, and replay digital television content using a built-in and/or external hard drive capable of storing content. Our whole-home HD DVR receiver provides
subscribers a variety of features that a consumer can use, at his or her option, to control, and/or record programming.  
 
 2 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • Broadband Internet Connectivity.   Provides internet
protocol television ("IPTV") functionality, which supports on-demand services that allow consumers to download television programming, movies, music, applications, and other content.    
 • Slingbox "placeshifting" technology.   Allows a customer, at
his or her option, to watch and control their digital television content anywhere in the world via a broadband internet connection.  
 

 In
addition to digital set-top boxes, we also design and develop related products such as satellite dishes and remote controls.  

  Digital Broadcast Operations.     We operate a number of digital broadcast centers in the U.S. Our principal digital broadcast centers are located in Cheyenne, Wyoming
and Gilbert, Arizona. We also have multiple regional and micro digital broadcast centers that allow us to maximize the use of the spot beam capabilities of our satellites and our customers'
satellites. Programming and other data are received at these centers by fiber optic cable or satellite. The data is then processed, compressed, and encrypted and then uplinked to our satellites and
our customers' satellites for transmission to end-users.  

  Our Customers   

 Historically, the primary customer of our EchoStar Technologies segment has been DISH Network. DISH Network accounted for 90.1%, 76.9% and 79.4% of
our total EchoStar Technologies segment revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Bell TV, a DTH satellite service provider in Canada, accounted for 4.5%,
13.4% and 12.3% of our total EchoStar Technologies segment revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. We also currently sell our digital set-top boxes to other
international DTH satellite and cable providers, including Dish Mexico.  

 We
expect DISH Network will continue to be the primary customer and the key revenue contributor for our EchoStar Technologies segment. Effective January 1, 2012, we entered into a receiver
agreement, expiring on December 31, 2014, with DISH Network pursuant to which DISH Network has the right, but not the obligation, to purchase digital set-top boxes, related accessories, and
other equipment from us either: (i) at cost (decreasing as we reduce costs and increasing as our costs increase) plus a dollar mark-up which will depend upon the cost of the product subject to
a collar on
our mark-up; or (ii) at cost plus a fixed margin, which will depend on the nature of the equipment purchased. Under the receiver agreement, our margins will be increased if we are able to
reduce the costs of our digital set-top boxes and our margins will be reduced if these costs increase.  

 A
majority of our EchoStar Technologies segment's international revenue during each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was attributable to sales of digital set-top boxes to
Bell TV. In 2012, we amended our Pricing Agreement with Bell TV, which extended our exclusivity rights until December 31, 2013. Among other things, the Pricing Agreement, as amended, entitles
us to be Bell TV's exclusive provider of digital set-top boxes, subject to certain limited exceptions, and provides fixed pricing over the term of the agreement as well as providing future engineering
development for enhanced Bell TV service offerings. In January 2014, we amended the Pricing Agreement, which extended our exclusivity rights under the Pricing Agreement until February 28, 2014.  

  Our Competition   

 The set-top box industry is highly competitive, and market leadership changes frequently as a result of new products, designs and pricing. As we seek
to grow our revenue and market share in the digital set-top box industry, we face substantial competition. Many of our primary competitors, such as Arris Group, Inc. ("Arris"), Cisco
Systems, Inc. ("Cisco"), Pace Micro Technology Plc. ("PACE"), Samsung, and Technicolor S.A. ("Technicolor"), have established longstanding relationships with their customers. In
addition, a number of rapidly growing companies have recently entered the market with set-top box  

 3 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 offerings
similar to our existing satellite set-top box products. The entry of these new competitors may result in increased pricing pressure in the market. We may also face competition from
international developers of digital set-top box systems that may be able to develop and manufacture products and services at costs that are substantially lower than ours. Furthermore, we depend
heavily on our ability to successfully bring advanced technologies, including internet delivery of video content and our Slingbox placeshifting technology, to market to keep pace with our competitors.  

 Our
use of proprietary technology, together with our in-house engineering expertise, enables us to innovate and bring new features and enhancements quickly to our primary customers. In addition, our
end-to-end video solution allows us to provide a more cost-effective solution for a pay-TV operator who may have to negotiate hardware, middleware and a conditional access system separately. We have a
long-standing relationship with DISH Network and provide to them technologically advanced set-top
boxes, including advanced hybrid satellite and internet protocol over-the-top delivery solutions, Slingbox placeshifting technology, and whole-home DVR functionality.  

  Our Manufacturers   

 Although we design, engineer and distribute digital set-top boxes and related products, we are not directly engaged in the manufacturing process.
Rather, we outsource the manufacturing of our digital set-top boxes and related products to third parties who manufacture our products according to specifications supplied by us. We depend on a few
manufacturers, and in some cases a single manufacturer, for the production of digital set-top boxes and related products. Although there can be no assurance, we do not believe that the loss of any
single manufacturer would materially impact our business. Sanmina-SCI Corporation, Shanghai DD&TT Electronic Enterprise Co., LTD and Jabil Circuit, Inc. currently manufacture the
majority of our digital set-top boxes and accessories.  

  HUGHES SEGMENT   

  Our Products and Services   

 Our Hughes segment uses its two owned satellites, SPACEWAY 3 and EchoStar XVII, and additional satellite capacity acquired from
multiple third-party providers, to provide satellite broadband internet access to North American consumers, which we refer to as the consumer market, and broadband network services and equipment to
domestic and international enterprise markets. Our Hughes segment also provides managed services to large enterprises and solutions to customers for mobile satellite systems. We incorporate advances
in technology to reduce costs and to increase the functionality and reliability of our products and services. Through the usage of advanced spectrally efficient modulation and coding methodologies,
proprietary software web acceleration and compression techniques, we continue to improve the efficiency of our networks. We invest in technologies to enhance our system and network management
capabilities, specifically our managed services for enterprises. We also continue to invest in next generation technologies that can be applied to our future products and services. Beginning in
October 2012, we introduced HughesNet Gen4 broadband internet services to our customers in North America on EchoStar XVII, which was launched in July 2012. In October 2012, we entered into a
distribution agreement (the "Distribution Agreement") with dishNET Satellite Broadband L.L.C. ("dishNET"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH Network, pursuant to which dishNET has the right, but not
the obligation, to market, sell and distribute the Hughes satellite internet service (the "Hughes service") under the dishNET brand. See
Note 19 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report for further discussion of our related party transactions with DISH Network.  

  Our Customers   

 Our Hughes segment delivers broadband internet service to North American consumers. It also provides satellite, network products and services and
managed network services and equipment to  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 enterprises
and broadband service providers worldwide. In addition, our Hughes segment provides satellite ground segment systems and terminals to mobile system operators.  

 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our Hughes segment had approximately 860,000 and 636,000 broadband subscribers, respectively, of which 635,000 and 588,000 were residential retail subscribers,
respectively. These broadband subscribers include customers that subscribe to our HughesNet broadband services, through retail, wholesale and small/medium enterprise service channels.  


 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our Hughes segment had approximately $1.15 billion and $1.06 billion, respectively, of contracted revenue backlog. We define Hughes revenue
backlog as our expected future revenue under customer contracts that are non-cancelable, excluding agreements with customers in our consumer market. Of the total contracted revenue backlog as of
December 31, 2013, we expect to recognize approximately $383.1 million of revenue in 2014.  

  Our Competition   

 The network communications industry is highly competitive. As a global provider of data network products and services, our Hughes segment competes
with a large number of telecommunications service providers. This increasingly competitive environment has put pressure on prices and margins. To compete effectively, we emphasize, among other things,
our network quality, our
customization capability, our offering of networks as a turnkey managed service, our position as a single point of contact for products and services and our competitive prices.  

 In
our consumer market, we compete against traditional telecommunications and wireless carriers, as well as digital subscriber line ("DSL") and cable internet service providers offering
competitive services in many communities we seek to serve. Cost, speed and accessibility are key determining factors in the election of a service provider by the consumer. Our primary satellite
competitor in our North American consumer market is ViaSat Communications, Inc. ("ViaSat Communications"), which is owned by ViaSat, Inc. ("ViaSat"). In addition, we face competition
against established domestic carriers such as AT&T Corp., Verizon Communications Inc., and Sprint Corporation and multiple cable operators. We seek to differentiate ourselves based on the
ubiquitous availability of our service, quality, proprietary technology, and distribution channels.  

 In
our enterprise market, our principal competitors for the supply of very-small-aperture terminal ("VSAT") satellite networks are Gilat, ViaSat, SageNet LLC, Newtec and iDirect Technologies
("iDirect"). To differentiate ourselves from our competitors, among other things, we emphasize particular technological features of our products and services, our ability to customize networks and
perform desired development work and the quality of our customer service. We also face competition from resellers and numerous local companies who purchase equipment and sell services to local
customers, including domestic and international telecom operators, cable companies and other major carriers.  

 Our
broadband networks generally have an advantage over terrestrial networks where the network must reach many locations over large distances, where the customer has a "last mile" or a congestion
problem that cannot be solved easily with terrestrial facilities and where there is a need for transmission to remote locations or emerging markets. By comparison, ground-based facilities
(e.g., fiber optic cables) often have an advantage for carrying large amounts of bulk traffic between a small number of fixed locations.  


 With
SPACEWAY 3, EchoStar XVII and additional satellite capacity acquired from multiple third-party providers, we believe that we will have sufficient capacity to grow our consumer
broadband business in 2014. However, faster subscriber growth rates than anticipated or increases in subscriber consumption of capacity beyond our current expectations could force us to modify our
marketing and business plans in some of our coverage regions. Our relative competitive position is constantly changing as we and our competitors strive to improve our respective positions. While our
current competitive position provides  

 5 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 us
the opportunity to grow our business, we cannot be certain of its continuing effects on our business as our competitors modify or adapt their strategies and service offerings.  

  Manufacturing   

 Certain products in our Hughes segment are assembled at our facilities in Maryland and we outsource a significant portion of the manufacturing of our
products to third parties. We believe that the manufacturing facilities used by our Hughes segment have sufficient capacity to handle current demand. We adjust our capacity based on our production
requirements. We also work with third-party vendors for the development and manufacture of components that are integrated into our products. We develop dual sourcing capabilities for critical parts
when practical and we evaluate outsourced subcontract vendors on a periodic basis. Our operations group, together with our engineering group, works with our vendors and subcontractors to reduce
development costs, to increase production efficiency, and to obtain components at lower prices.  

  ECHOSTAR SATELLITE SERVICES SEGMENT   

  Our Services   

 Our EchoStar Satellite Services segment operates its business using ten of its owned and leased in-orbit satellites, including the
EchoStar XVI satellite launched in November 2012. We lease capacity on a full-time and occasional-use basis primarily to DISH Network, and secondarily to Dish Mexico, U.S. government service
providers, state agencies, internet service providers, broadcast news organizations, programmers and private enterprise customers. In January 2013, we began to lease EchoStar XVI to DISH
Network for the delivery of DTH broadcast services to DISH Network customers in the U.S. Our satellite capacity is currently used by our customers for a variety of
applications:  

 
 
 • DTH
Services.   We provide satellite capacity to satellite TV providers, broadcasters and programmers who use our satellites to deliver
programming. Our satellites are also used for the transmission of live sporting events, internet access, disaster recovery, and satellite news gathering services.     
 • Government
Services.   We provide satellite services and technical services to U.S. government service providers and directly to some state agencies.
We believe the U.S. government may increase its use of commercial satellites for homeland security, emergency response, continuing education, distance learning, and training.    
 • Network
Services.   We provide satellite capacity and terrestrial network services to companies. These networks are dedicated private networks
that allow delivery of video and data services for corporate communications. Our satellites can be used for point-to-point or point to multi-point communications.  
 

  Our Customers   

 We provide satellite capacity on our satellite fleet primarily to DISH Network, but also to a small number of U.S. government service providers,
state agencies, internet service providers, broadcast news organizations, programmers and private enterprise customers. Currently, due to our limited customer base, we have unused satellite capacity.
For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, DISH Network accounted for approximately 74.9%, 72.4% and 77.6% of our total EchoStar Satellite Services segment revenue. We have entered
into certain commercial agreements with DISH Network pursuant to which we are obligated to provide DISH Network with satellite services at fixed prices for varying lengths of time depending on the
satellite. See Note 19 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report for further discussion. While we expect to continue to provide satellite services to
DISH Network, its satellite capacity requirements may change for a variety of reasons, including its ability to construct and launch its own satellites. Any termination or reduction in  

 6 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 the
services we provide to DISH Network may cause us to have excess capacity on our satellites and require that we aggressively pursue alternative sources of revenue for this business. Our other
satellite service sales generally are characterized by shorter-term contracts or spot market sales.  

 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our EchoStar Satellite Services segment had contracted revenue backlog attributable to satellites currently in orbit of approximately $1.14 billion and
$1.44 billion, respectively. Of the total contracted revenue backlog as of December 31, 2013, we expect to recognize approximately $242.5 million of revenue in 2014.  

  Our Competition   

 Our EchoStar Satellite Services segment competes against larger, well-established satellite service companies, such as Intelsat S.A.
("Intelsat"), SES S.A. ("SES"), Telesat Canada ("Telesat"), and Eutelsat Communications S.A. ("Eutelsat"), in an industry that is characterized by long-term contracts and high costs for
customers to change service providers. Therefore, it will be difficult to displace customers from their current relationships with our competitors. Intelsat and SES maintain key North American orbital
slots that may further limit competition and competitive pricing.  

 While
we believe that there may be opportunities to capture new business as a result of market trends such as the increased communications demands of homeland security initiatives, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to effectively compete against our competitors due to their significant resources and operating history.  

  OTHER BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES   

 We are exploring opportunities to selectively pursue partnerships, joint ventures and strategic development/acquisition opportunities, domestically
and internationally. We believe that investments in these types of opportunities, may allow us to increase our existing market share, expand into new markets, support the development of new
satellite-delivered services, such as broadband internet connectivity and mobile video services, broaden our portfolio of products and intellectual property, and strengthen our relationships with our
customers. With our extensive experience in designing, developing, and distributing digital set-top boxes and broadband related products, we can leverage the broader adoption of advanced technologies
to create opportunities for us. We believe that DTH and satellite broadband services are particularly well-suited for countries without extensive telecommunications and cable infrastructure, and we
intend to continue to seek new investments and customer relationships with international DTH service and satellite broadband service providers.  

 In
2012, we acquired the right to use various frequencies at the 45 degree west longitude orbital location ("Brazilian Authorization") from ANATEL, the Brazilian communications regulatory agency. The
Brazilian Authorization is intended for use in providing pay-TV services in Brazil. In September 2013, we announced that we were in discussions with GVT, a subsidiary of Vivendi S.A., to
form a joint
venture to provide pay-TV services in Brazil with the objective to offer a national service using IPTV and satellite distribution. In December 2013, we ceased our discussions with GVT, but we remain
committed to delivering a unique pay-TV service to Brazil via a high-powered Broadcast Satellite Service ("BSS") satellite.  

 In
December 2013, we acquired 100.0% of Solaris Mobile, which is based in Dublin, Ireland and licensed by the European Union ("EU") and individual EU Member States to provide mobile satellite services
and complementary ground component services covering the entire EU using S-band spectrum. We believe we are well-positioned to commercialize this license due to our access to the TerreStar-2 S-band
satellite as well as the mobile satellite systems technology expertise of our Hughes segment. In December 2013, we amended the T2 Development Agreement with DISH Network to provide for the ability to
purchase of the TerreStar-2 satellite, which is designed to provide mobile services using S-band frequencies. Through the acquisition of Solaris Mobile and the S-band spectrum and our  

 7 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 expertise
in developing mobile satellite infrastructures, we expect to accelerate advanced mobile services throughout the EU.  

  OUR SATELLITE FLEET   

 Our satellite fleet consists of both owned and leased satellites detailed in the table below.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Satellites

 

  
   
 Segment  
   
 Launch Date  
   
 Nominal Degree 
Orbital Location 
(West Longitude)  
   
 Depreciable 
Life 
(In Years)  
   
 
 
   Owned: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   SPACEWAY 3(4) 
   
   
 Hughes 
   
 August 2007 
   
   
 95 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar XVII 
   
   
 Hughes 
   
 July 2012 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   EchoStar III(1)(2) 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 October 1997 
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar VI 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 July 2000 
   
   
 96.2 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar VIII(1) 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 August 2002 
   
   
 77 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar IX(1) 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 August 2003 
   
   
 121 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar XII(1)(5) 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 July 2003 
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
 1.5 
   
 
 
   EchoStar XVI(1) 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 November 2012 
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   Leased from Other Third Parties(3): 
   
   
 
  
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   AMC-15 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 January 2005 
   
   
 105 
   
   
 10 
   
 
 
   AMC-16 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 February 2005 
   
   
 85 
   
   
 10 
   
 
 
   Nimiq 5(1) 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 October 2009 
   
   
 72.7 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   QuetzSat-1(1) 
   
   
 ESS 
   
 November 2011 
   
   
 77 
   
   
 10 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) See
Note 19 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report for further discussion of our related party
transactions with DISH Network.   (2) Fully
depreciated and currently an in-orbit spare.   (3) These
satellites are accounted for as capital leases and their launch dates represent dates that the satellites were placed into service.  (4) Depreciable
life represents the remaining useful life as of June 8, 2011, the date of the acquisition of Hughes Communications, Inc. and its
subsidiaries.   (5) Depreciable
life represents the remaining useful life as of June 30, 2013, the date EchoStar XII was impaired.   
  
   Recent Developments   

  EchoStar I, EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI, EchoStar XIV.     On February 20, 2014, we entered into agreements with DISH Network to implement a
transaction pursuant to which, among other things: (i) on March 1, 2014, EchoStar and HSS will issue shares of preferred tracking stock to DISH Network in exchange for five satellites
owned by DISH Network (EchoStar I, EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI and EchoStar XIV) (including related in-orbit incentive obligations and interest payments of approximately
$58.9 million) and approximately $11.4 million in cash; and (ii) beginning on March 1, 2014, DISH Network will lease certain satellite capacity on these five satellites
(collectively, the "Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction"). See Note 20 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our subsequent events.  

  EchoStar VI and VIII.     DISH Network leases satellite capacity from us on certain of our satellites. The leases for the EchoStar VI and VIII satellites
expired in accordance with their terms in the first quarter of 2013. EchoStar VI was fully depreciated in August 2012. In May 2013, DISH Network began leasing capacity from us on
EchoStar VIII as an in-orbit spare. Effective March 1, 2014, this lease will be converted to a month-to-month lease. Both parties have the right to terminate this lease with 30 days
notice.  

 8 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

  EchoStar XVI.     In November 2012, we launched the EchoStar XVI satellite, a direct broadcast satellite ("DBS"). EchoStar XVI is leased to DISH
Network for the delivery of DTH broadcast services to DISH Network customers in the U.S. We began leasing capacity on EchoStar XVI to DISH Network in January 2013.  

  EchoStar XIX.     In March 2013, we entered into a contract for the design and construction of the EchoStar XIX satellite, which is expected to be launched in
mid-2016. EchoStar XIX is our next-generation, high throughput geostationary satellite that will employ a multi-spot beam, bent pipe Ka-band architecture and will provide additional capacity for our
broadband services to the consumer market in North America.  

  TerreStar-2.     In August 2013, we and DISH Network entered into a development agreement ("T2 Development Agreement") with respect to the TerreStar-2 ("T2") satellite
under which we reimburse
DISH Network for amounts it pays to Space Systems/Loral, LLC ("SS/L") in connection with the construction of the T2 satellite. As amended in December 2013, the T2 Development Agreement provides
for the ability to purchase DISH Network's rights and obligations under the T2 satellite construction agreement with SS/L. The T2 satellite is designed to provide mobile satellite services using
S-band frequencies and we may use this satellite in conjunction with our recently acquired S-band spectrum in Europe.  

  EchoStar XV.     In May 2013, we began leasing satellite capacity from DISH Network on EchoStar XV as an operating lease and relocated the satellite to
the 45 degree west longitude orbital location for testing pursuant to our Brazilian Authorization. Effective March 1, 2014, this lease will be converted to a month-to-month lease. Both parties
have the right to terminate this lease with 30 days notice.  

  QuetzSat-1.     In 2008, we entered into a transponder service agreement with SES to lease all of the capacity on QuetzSat-1. Concurrently, in 2008, we entered into a
transponder service agreement with DISH Network, pursuant to which, DISH Network agreed to lease 24 of the DBS transponders on QuetzSat-1 when it is placed into commercial operation at the 77 degree
west longitude orbital location. In January 2013, QuetzSat-1 was moved to the 77 degree west longitude orbital location and commenced commercial operations in February 2013. See Note 19 in the
Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report for further discussion of our agreement with DISH Network relating to QuetzSat-1.  


  Satellite Anomalies   

 Certain of our satellites have experienced anomalies, some of which have had a significant adverse impact on their remaining useful lives and/or
commercial operations. There can be no assurance that future anomalies will not further impact the remaining useful life and commercial operation of any of the satellites in our fleet. In addition,
there can be no assurance that we can recover critical transmission capacity in the event one or more of our in-orbit satellites were to fail. We generally do not carry in-orbit insurance on our
satellites; therefore, we generally bear the risk of any uninsured in-orbit failures. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements governing certain portions of our indebtedness, we are required, subject
to certain limitations on coverage, to maintain launch and in-orbit insurance for SPACEWAY 3, EchoStar XVI, and EchoStar XVII. The recent satellite anomalies that have affected
certain of our satellites are discussed below.  

  Owned Satellites   

  EchoStar III.     EchoStar III was originally designed to operate a maximum of 32 DBS transponders in a mode that provides service to the entire
continental United States ("CONUS"). As a result of the failure of traveling wave tube amplifiers ("TWTAs") in previous years, including the most recent failures in February 2013 and April 2013, only
six transponders are currently available for use. It is  

 9 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 likely
that additional TWTA failures will occur from time to time in the future and such failures could further impact commercial operation of the satellite. EchoStar III was fully depreciated
in 2009 and is currently used as an in-orbit spare.  

  EchoStar VI.     EchoStar VI was designed to operate 32 DBS transponders with a minimum 12-year useful life. Prior to 2012, EchoStar VI
experienced solar array anomalies and the loss of TWTAs that did not reduce its useful life; however, these solar array anomalies impacted the commercial operation of the satellite. EchoStar VI
lost (i) two additional TWTAs in March 2012, increasing the total number of TWTAs lost on the satellite to five out of 48 TWTAs and (ii) an additional solar array string during the
second quarter of 2012, reducing the total power available for use by the spacecraft. The anomalies in 2012 did not impact the current commercial operation or the estimated useful life of the
satellite. However, there can be no assurance that these anomalies or any future anomalies will not reduce the satellite's useful life or impact its commercial operation. EchoStar VI was fully
depreciated in August 2012.  

  EchoStar VIII.     EchoStar VIII was designed to operate 32 DBS transponders in the CONUS at approximately 120 watts per channel, switchable to 16 DBS
transponders operating at approximately 240 watts per channel. Prior to and during 2011, EchoStar VIII experienced several anomalies. In January 2011, EchoStar VIII experienced an
anomaly which temporarily disrupted electrical power to some components, causing an interruption of broadcast service and causing one of the two on-board computers used to control the satellite to
fail. These anomalies have not impacted the commercial
operation or estimated useful life of the satellite. However, if the remaining on-board computer fails, the commercial operation of the satellite would cease and result in a complete loss of the
satellite.  

  EchoStar XII.     EchoStar XII was designed to operate 13 DBS transponders at 270 watts per channel in CONUS mode, or 22 spot beams using a combination
of 135 and 65 watt TWTAs or hybrid CONUS/spot beam mode. We currently operate EchoStar XII in spot beam mode. Prior to 2010, EchoStar XII experienced anomalies resulting in the loss of
electrical power available from its solar arrays. In September 2012, November 2012, and January 2013, EchoStar XII experienced additional solar array anomalies, which further reduced the
electrical power available to operate EchoStar XII. An engineering analysis completed in the second quarter of 2013 indicated further loss of available electrical power and resulting capacity
loss was likely. As a result, we recognized a $34.7 million impairment loss in the second quarter of 2013. Additional solar array anomalies are likely and, if they occur, they will continue to
degrade the operational capability of EchoStar XII and could lead to additional impairment charges in the future.  

  Leased Satellites   

  AMC-16.     AMC-16, an FSS satellite, commenced commercial operation during February 2005. AMC-16 was designed to operate 24 Ku-band FSS transponders that operate at
approximately 120 watts per channel and a Ka-band payload consisting of 12 spot beams. In each of February 2012, April 2012, and November 2012, AMC-16 experienced a solar-power anomaly, which caused
additional partial loss of satellite capacity. As a result of prior period depreciation and adjustments associated with satellite anomalies, the net carrying amount of AMC-16 was reduced to zero as of
December 31, 2010. Thereafter, subsequent reductions in our capital lease obligation resulting from reductions in our recurring lease payments are recognized as gains in "Other, net" on our
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Upon determination of related reductions in our monthly recurring payments, we reduced our capital lease obligation for
AMC-16 and recognized corresponding gains of $12.6 million in 2012 and $6.7 million in 2013. There can be no assurance that the existing anomalies or any future anomalies will not reduce
AMC-16's useful life or further impact its commercial operations.  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Satellite Impairments   

 We evaluate our satellites for impairment and test for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount
may not be recoverable. Certain of the anomalies discussed above, and previously disclosed, may be considered to represent a significant adverse change in the physical condition of a particular
satellite. However, based on the redundancy designed within each satellite, certain of these anomalies are not necessarily considered to be significant events that would require a test of
recoverability.  

 As
discussed further in Note 8 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15, we recognized a $34.7 million impairment loss in the second quarter of 2013 as result
of the anomalies affecting the commercial operation of EchoStar XII, and we recognized a $33.0 million impairment loss in the fourth quarter of 2011 based on our analysis of potential
uses for the CMBStar satellite for which construction was suspended in 2008.  

  GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS   

 We are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FCC for our domestic, as well as some international, satellite and telecommunications operations
and equipment businesses. We are also regulated by other federal agencies, state and local authorities, the International Telecommunication Union ("ITU"), and certain foreign governments, including
the EU. In addition, we are also subject to the export control laws and regulations and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the U.S. with respect to the export of telecommunications
equipment and services. Depending upon the circumstances, noncompliance with applicable legislation or regulations could result in suspension or revocation of our licenses or authorizations, the
termination or loss of contracts or the imposition of contractual damages, civil fines or criminal penalties.  

 The
following summary of regulatory developments and legislation is not intended to describe all present and proposed government regulation and legislation affecting the satellite and digital set-top
box equipment markets. Government regulations that are currently the subject of judicial or administrative proceedings, legislative hearings or administrative proposals could adversely affect us and
our industries to varying degrees. We cannot predict either the outcome of these proceedings or any potential impact they might have on the industry or on our operations.  

  Regulations Applicable to Our Communications Operations   

  FCC Jurisdiction over Satellite and Terrestrial Operations   

 The Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the "Communications Act") gives the FCC broad authority to regulate our satellite and terrestrial
operations. All non-federal entities, including commercial entities that use radio frequencies to provide communications services to, from or within the U.S. are subject to the jurisdiction of the FCC
under the Communications Act. Specifically, the Communications Act gives the FCC regulatory jurisdiction over the following areas relating to communications satellite
operations: 

 
 
 • the assignment of satellite radio frequencies and orbital locations to specific services and companies, the licensing of
satellites and earth stations, the granting of related authorizations, and the evaluation of the fitness of a company to be a licensee;  
 • approval for the relocation of satellites to different orbital locations, the replacement of an existing satellite with a
new satellite, and the authorization of specific earth stations to communicate with such newly relocated satellites;  
 • ensuring compliance with the terms and conditions of assignments, licenses, authorizations, and approvals including
required timetables for construction and operation of satellites;  
 
 11 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • avoiding harmful interference with other radio frequency emitters; and  
 • ensuring compliance with other applicable provisions of the Communications Act and FCC rules and regulations.  
 

 To
obtain FCC licenses and authorizations for satellites and earth stations, satellite operators must satisfy enumerated legal, technical, and financial qualification requirements. Once issued, these
licenses and authorizations may be subject to a number of conditions including, among other things, satisfaction of certain technical and ongoing due diligence obligations, implementation bonds,
construction milestones, annual regulatory fees, and various reporting requirements. Applications for new or modified satellites and earth stations are necessary for further development and expansion
of satellite services and generally must receive advance FCC approval. Necessary approval of these applications may not be granted, may not be granted in a timely manner, or may be granted subject to
conditions which may be cumbersome. The regulatory requirements are subject to periodic change in accordance with the provisions of the Administrative Procedures Act.  

  FCC Jurisdiction over Set-Top Box Operations.     Our digital set-top boxes and similar devices must also comply with FCC technical standards and requirements,
including accessibility requirements. The FCC has specific Part 15 regulations for television broadcast receivers and television interface devices. We are also subject to FCC rules on
disability accessibility.  

  Separate Security Plug and Play.     U.S. cable companies are required by law to separate the security from the other functionality of their set-top boxes. Set-top
boxes used by DBS providers are not currently subject to this separate security requirement. However, the FCC is currently considering a possible expansion of the requirement to these set-top boxes.
The development of a retail market for cable set-top boxes could provide us with an opportunity to expand sales of set-top boxes and related equipment for use in non-DBS households. The cable industry
and consumer electronics companies have reached a "tru2way" commercial arrangement to resolve many of the outstanding issues related to this requirement. We have licensed tru2way technology for use
with cable set-top boxes. We cannot predict whether the FCC will impose rules on DBS providers that are based on cable "plug and play" rules or the concepts from the private tru2way commercial
arrangement. Complying with the separate security and other "plug and play" requirements would require potentially costly modifications to our set-top boxes and operations. We cannot predict the
timing or outcome of this FCC proceeding. If the FCC were to extend or expand its separate security rules or the tru2way commercial arrangement to include DBS providers, sales of our set-top boxes to
DBS providers may be negatively impacted.  

  Foreign Administrations' Jurisdiction Over Satellite and Terrestrial Operations   

 Some of our satellites and earth stations are licensed in foreign jurisdictions. In order to provide service to a foreign location from a U.S.
satellite we may be required to obtain approvals from foreign administrative agencies. The laws and regulations addressing access to satellite and terrestrial systems vary from country to country. In
certain countries, a license is required to provide our services and to operate satellite earth stations. The application procedure can be time-consuming and costly, and the terms of licenses vary
from country to country. Some countries may have restrictions on the services we provide and how we provide them. In addition, certain countries may limit the fees that can be charged for the services
we provide.  

 Many
countries permit competition in the provision of voice, data, or video services, the ownership of the equipment needed to provide telecommunications services and the provision of transponder
capacity to that country. In some countries, however, a single entity, often the government-owned telecommunications authority, may hold a monopoly on the ownership and operation of telecommunications
facilities or on the provision of telecommunications to, from or within the country. In those cases, we may be required to negotiate for access to service or equipment provided by that monopoly
entity, and we may not be able to obtain favorable rates or other terms.  

 12 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

  Licenses, Authorizations and Contractual Rights for Satellite Capacity   

 Our spacecraft operations are subject to the licensing jurisdiction of, and conditions imposed by, among others, the FCC and any other government
whose ITU filing we use for our satellites. Such conditions may include, for example, implementation and operation of the satellite system in a manner consistent with certain milestones (such as for
contracting, satellite design, construction, launch, and implementation of service), that the satellite or its launch be procured through a national entity, that the satellite control center be
located in national territory, that a license be obtained prior to launching or operating the satellite, or that a license be obtained before interconnecting with the local switched telephone network.  

  Duration of Satellite and Terrestrial Licenses.     Generally speaking, all satellite licenses granted by the FCC and most foreign countries are subject to expiration
unless extended by the relevant regulatory authority. The term of each of our U.S. DBS licenses is 10 years, and our U.S. FSS licenses generally have 15-year terms. Our licenses are currently
set to expire at various times. In addition, we
occasionally receive special temporary authorizations that are granted for limited periods of time (e.g., 180 days or less) and subject to possible extension. Generally, our satellite
licenses and special temporary authorizations have been renewed on a routine basis, but there can be no assurance that this will continue.  

 The
earth station licenses we hold are granted for terms that vary significantly depending upon the jurisdiction in which they were obtained. Some regulators have granted periodic requests by us for
special temporary authorizations to operate new or modified facilities on a temporary basis, or experimental authorizations that allow us to test and develop new equipment or new service capabilities
on a limited basis. There can be no assurance that the FCC or other regulators will continue granting applications for new earth stations or for the renewal of existing ones.  


  Interference from Other Services Sharing Satellite Spectrum.     The FCC and some other regulators have adopted rules that allow non-geostationary orbit satellite
services to operate on a co-primary basis in the same frequency band as DBS and FSS. The FCC has also authorized the use of multichannel video and data distribution service ("MVDDS") in the DBS band.
Several MVDDS systems are now being commercially deployed. Despite regulatory provisions designed to protect DBS and FSS operations from harmful interference, there can be no assurance that operations
by other satellites or terrestrial communication services in the DBS and FSS bands will not interfere with our DBS and FSS operations and adversely affect our business.  


  International Satellite Competition and Interference for Our DTH Video Satellites.     We have received authority to provide DBS service to the U.S. from a Mexican
orbital slot at 77 degrees, and a Canadian orbital slot at 72.7 degrees. DirecTV, Spectrum Five LLC, and DISH Network have received similar authorizations to provide service to the U.S. from
foreign orbital slots. The possibility that the FCC will allow service to the U.S. from additional foreign slots may permit additional competition against us from other satellite providers. In
addition, a number of administrations, such as the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, have requested to allow satellite systems to have access to orbital locations serving the U.S. near our licensed
slots. Such operations could cause harmful interference to our satellites and constrain our future operations at those slots if such "tweener" operations are approved by the FCC.  

  Telecommunications Regulation   

 We are required to contribute a percentage of our revenue from telecommunications services to the Universal Service Fund to support mechanisms that
subsidize the provision of services to low-income consumers, high-cost areas, schools, libraries, and rural health care
providers. This percentage is set each calendar quarter by the FCC. Current FCC rules permit us to pass this Universal Service Fund  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 contribution
through to our customers. The FCC also requires broadband internet access and internet telephony service providers to comply with the requirements of the Federal Communications Assistance
for Law Enforcement Act ("CALEA"). CALEA generally requires telecommunications carriers, including satellite-based carriers, to ensure that law enforcement agencies are able to conduct
lawfully-authorized surveillance of users of their services. In addition, as a provider of interconnected voice over internet protocol services ("VOIP"), we are required to abide by a number of rules
related to telephony service, including rules dealing with the protection of customer information and the processing of emergency calls.  

  State and Local Regulation   

 We are also regulated by state and local authorities. While the FCC has preempted many state and local regulations that would impair the installation
and use of VSATs and other consumer satellite dishes, our businesses nonetheless may be subject to state and local regulation, including, among others, obtaining regulatory authorizations and zoning
regulations that affect the ability to install these consumer satellite earth station antennas.  

  International Regulation   

 We are subject to regulation by the International Communications Union ("ITU") and our satellites must be registered in the United Nations ("UN")
Registry of Space Objects.  

  The ITU Frequency Registration.     The orbital location and frequencies for certain of our satellites are subject to the frequency registration and coordination
process of the ITU. The ITU Radio Regulations define the international rules, regulations, and rights for a satellite and associated earth stations to use specific radio frequencies at a specific
orbital location. These rules, which include deadlines for the bringing of satellite networks into use, differ depending on the type of service to be provided and the
frequencies to be used by the satellite. On our behalf, various countries have made and may in the future make additional filings for the frequency assignments at particular orbital locations that are
used or to be used by our current satellite networks and potential future satellite networks we may build or acquire. In the event the international coordination process that is triggered by ITU
filings under applicable rules is not successfully completed, or that the requests for modification of the BSS plan are not granted by the ITU, we will have to operate the applicable satellite(s) on a
non-interference basis. If we cannot do so, we may have to cease operating such satellite(s) at the affected orbital locations. We cannot be sure of the successful outcome of these ITU processes. We
have cooperated, and will continue to cooperate, with the filing nation in the preparation of ITU filings, coordination of our operations in accordance with the relevant ITU Radio Regulations, and
responses to relevant ITU inquiries.  

  Registration in the UN Registry of Space Objects.     The U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we license satellites are parties to the UN Convention on the
Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space ("UN Convention").  

 The
UN Convention requires a satellite's launching state to register the satellite as a space object. The act of registration carries liability for the registering country in the event that the
satellite causes third party damage. Administrations may place certain requirements on satellite licensees in order to procure the necessary launch or operational authorizations that accompany
registration of the satellite. In some jurisdictions, these authorizations are separate and distinct, with unique requirements, from the authorization to use a set of frequencies to provide satellite
services. There is no guarantee that we will be able to procure such authorizations even if we already possess a frequency authorization.  

 14 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

  Export Control Regulation   

 In the operation of our business, we must comply with all applicable export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the U.S. and other
countries. Applicable U.S. laws and regulations include the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR"), the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"), and the
trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC").  

 The
export of certain hardware, technical data, and services relating to satellites and the supply of certain ground control equipment, technical data and services to non-U.S. persons or to
destinations outside the U.S. is regulated by the U.S. Department of State's Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, under the ITAR and is subject to strict export control and prior approval
requirements. Other items are controlled for export by the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS") under the EAR. For example, BIS regulates our export of satellite
communications network equipment to non-U.S. persons or to destinations outside of the U.S. In addition, we cannot provide certain equipment or services to certain countries subject to U.S. trade
sanctions unless we first obtain the necessary authorizations from OFAC. We are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from
making improper payments or giving or promising to give anything of value to foreign government officials and other individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining a
competitive advantage.  

  Environmental Regulation   

 We are subject to the requirements of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations. These
include laws regulating air emissions, water discharge, waste management, hazardous chemicals and product disposal, most significantly the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA") and the
Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act ("EPCRA"). Under the RCRA, our Hughes segment is considered a small quantity generator.  


 As
required by the EPCRA, we file periodic reports with regulators covering four areas: Emergency Planning, Emergency Release, Hazardous Chemical Storage, and Toxic Chemical Release. We maintain small
quantities of hazardous materials on our premises and, therefore, have relatively modest reporting requirements under the EPCRA. We are also subject to the requirements of other environmental and
occupational safety and health laws and regulations. Additionally, we review Tier II reporting requirements of the Department of Environmental Quality which requires reporting the storage of
hazardous materials in large quantities and if they've changed from year to year. These are state run programs and each state may have slightly different requirements.  

 Our
environmental compliance costs to date have not been material, and we currently have no reason to believe that such costs will become material in the foreseeable future. We do not expect capital
or other expenditures for environmental compliance to be material in 2014. However, environmental requirements are complex, change frequently, and have become more stringent over time. Accordingly, we
cannot provide assurance that these requirements will not change or become more stringent in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

  PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS   

 We currently rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark law, together with licenses, non-disclosure and confidentiality
agreements and technical measures, to establish and protect proprietary rights in our products. We hold U.S. patents covering various aspects of our products and services, including patents covering
technologies that we believe will enable the production of lower cost satellite terminals and provide for significant acceleration of communication speeds and enhancement of throughput. The duration
of each of our U.S. patents is generally 20 years from the  

 15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 earliest
filing date to which the patent has priority. We have granted licenses to use our trademarks and service-marks to resellers worldwide, and we typically retain the right to monitor the use of
those marks and impose significant restrictions on their use in efforts to ensure a consistent brand identity. We protect our proprietary rights in our software through software licenses that, among
other things, require that the software source code be maintained as confidential information and that prohibit any reverse-engineering of that code.  

 We
believe that our patents are important to our business. We also believe that, in some areas, the improvement of existing products and the development of new products, as well as reliance upon trade
secrets and unpatented proprietary know-how, are important in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. We believe, to a certain extent, that the value of our products and services are
dependent upon our proprietary software, hardware, and other technology remaining trade secrets and/or subject to copyright protection. Generally, we enter into non-disclosure and invention assignment
agreements with our employees, subcontractors, and certain customers and other business partners.  

 In
general, if a court determines that one or more of our products infringes valid intellectual property rights held by others, we may be required to cease developing or marketing those products,
obtain licenses from the holders of the intellectual property at a material cost, or redesign those products in such a way as to avoid infringement. If those intellectual property rights are held by a
competitor, we may be unable to obtain a license to such intellectual property at any price, which could adversely affect our competitive position.  


 We
may not be aware of all patents and other intellectual property rights that our products and services may potentially infringe. In addition, patent applications in the U.S. are confidential until
the Patent and Trademark Office either publishes the application or issues a patent (whichever arises first)
and, accordingly, our products may infringe claims contained in pending patent applications of which we are not aware. Further, the process of determining definitively whether a patent claim is valid
and whether a particular product infringes a valid patent claim often involves expensive and protracted litigation, even if we are ultimately successful on the merits.  

 We
cannot estimate the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain licenses with respect to intellectual property rights held by others and the availability and cost of any such
licenses. Those costs, and their impact on our results of operations, could be material. Damages in patent infringement cases can be substantial, and in certain circumstances, can be trebled. To the
extent that we are required to pay unanticipated royalties to third parties, these increased costs of doing business could negatively affect our liquidity and operating results. We are currently
defending multiple patent infringement actions and may assert our own actions against parties we suspect of infringing our patents and trademarks. We cannot be certain the courts will conclude these
companies do not own the rights they claim, that these rights are not valid, or that our products and services do not infringe on these rights. We also cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain
licenses from these persons on commercially reasonable terms or, if we were unable to obtain such licenses, that we would be able to redesign our products and services to avoid infringement. The legal
costs associated with defending patent suits and pursuing patent claims against others may be borne by us if we are not awarded reimbursement through the legal process. See
Item 3—Legal Proceedings of this report for more information.  

  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AND ENGINEERING   

 We have a skilled and multi-disciplined engineering organization that develops our products and services. Our in-house technological capability
includes a wide range of skills required to develop systems, hardware, software, and firmware used in our products and services. In addition, we have pioneered numerous advances in the area of
wireless communication systems, techniques and  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 methodologies,
television broadcasting, video placeshifting, video copy protection, and digital video recording.  

 With
respect to hardware development, we have skill sets that include complex digital designs, radio frequency and intermediate frequency analog designs, advanced application-specific integrated
circuit designs, and sophisticated consumer and system level packaging designs. We also have extensive
experience in developing products for high-volume, low-cost manufacturing for the consumer industry, including satellite TV set-top receivers and dual mode satellite and wireless handsets.  

 As
a complement to our hardware development, we have extensive experience in designing reliable, real time, embedded software systems as part of our communication systems and services offerings. For
example, our broadband product line for the enterprise market supports an extensive range of protocols for data communications. Our engineers have also developed many large turnkey systems for our
customers by designing the overall solution, implementing the various subsystems, deploying the entire network and user terminals, integrating and verifying the operational system, and ultimately
training the customers' technicians and operators.  

  GEOGRAPHIC AREA DATA AND TRANSACTIONS WITH MAJOR CUSTOMERS   

 For principal geographic area data and transactions with major customers for 2013, 2012 and 2011, see Note 17 in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report. See Item 1A—Risk Factors for information regarding risks attendant to our foreign operations.  

  EMPLOYEES   

 As of December 31, 2013, we had approximately 4,000 employees and generally consider relations with them to be good. In addition, DISH Network
provides us with certain management and administrative services, which include the services of certain employees of DISH Network. See Note 19 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
in Item 15 of this report for a discussion of our Professional Service agreement. Other than approximately 100 of our employees located in Italy and Brazil, none are represented by a union.  

  WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION   

 We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and accordingly file an annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The public may read and copy any materials filed with
the SEC at the SEC's Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. As an
electronic filer, our public filings are also maintained on the SEC's internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov.  

  WEBSITE ACCESS   

 Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act may also be accessed free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we have electronically
filed such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.echostar.com.  

 We
have adopted a written code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer and senior financial officers, in accordance with the
Sarbanes-  

 17 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 Oxley
Act of 2002 and the rules of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Our code of ethics is available on our corporate website at http://www.echostar.com. In the event that we make changes in, or provide
waivers of, the provisions of this code of ethics that the SEC requires us to disclose, we intend to disclose these events on our website.  

  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT    (furnished in accordance with Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K, pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K)  


 The
following table and information below sets forth the name, age and position with EchoStar of each of our executive officers, the period during which each executive
officer has served as such, and each executive officer's business experience during at least the past five years:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name

 

  
   
 Age  
   
 Position  
 
 
   Charles W. Ergen 
   
   
 60 
   
 Chairman 
 
 
   Michael T. Dugan 
   
   
 65 
   
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 
   David J. Rayner 
   
   
 56 
   
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 
   Mark W. Jackson 
   
   
 53 
   
 President, EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. 
 
 
   Anders N. Johnson 
   
   
 56 
   
 President, EchoStar Satellite Services L.L.C. 
 
 
   Pradman P. Kaul 
   
   
 67 
   
 President, Hughes Communications, Inc. and Director 
 
 
   Kenneth G. Carroll 
   
   
 58 
   
 Executive Vice President, Corporate and Business Development 
 
 
   Sandi L. Kerentoff 
   
   
 60 
   
 Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources 
 
 
   Kranti K. Kilaru 
   
   
 48 
   
 Executive Vice President, Business Systems, IT, and Operations 
 
 
   Dean A. Manson 
   
   
 47 
   
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 
 
  
   Charles W. Ergen.     Mr. Ergen has served as our executive Chairman since November 2009 and Chairman of the Board of Directors since our formation in
2007. Mr. Ergen served as our Chief Executive Officer from our formation in 2007 until November 2009. Mr. Ergen serves as executive Chairman and has been Chairman of the Board of
Directors of DISH Network since its formation and, during the past five years, has held executive officer and director positions with DISH Network and its subsidiaries.  


  Michael T. Dugan.     Mr. Dugan has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President since November 2009. Mr. Dugan has also served as a member
of our Board of Directors since our formation in 2007. Mr. Dugan served as a senior advisor to EchoStar from January 1, 2008 until November 2009. From May 2004 to December 2007, he was a
director of DISH Network, and served DISH Network alternately as Chief Technical Officer and senior advisor from time to time. Mr. Dugan served as a director of Frontier Corporation from
October 2006 until November 2009.  

  David J. Rayner.     Mr. Rayner has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer since December 2012. From November
2011 to November 2012, Mr. Rayner served as Chief Financial Officer of Tendril Networks, Inc., a Boulder, Colorado software company. Mr. Rayner served as our Chief Financial
Officer from June 2010 to November 2011 and served as our Chief Administrative Officer from January 2008 to June 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Rayner served as Executive Vice President of
Installation and Service Networks of DISH Network and had previously held the position of Chief Financial Officer of DISH Network from December 2004 to September 2006. Before joining DISH Network in
December 2004, Mr. Rayner served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Time Warner Telecom in Denver, beginning in June 1998.  

  Mark W. Jackson.     Mr. Jackson has served as President of EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. since 2004 and oversees all day to day operations of our
EchoStar Technologies segment. Mr. Jackson served as President of EchoStar Technologies Corporation from June 2004 through December 2007.  

 18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Anders N. Johnson.     Mr. Johnson has served as President of EchoStar Satellite Services L.L.C. since June 2011. Mr. Johnson was most recently at
SES World Skies where he served as Senior Vice President of Strategic Satellite Development. Mr. Johnson joined SES GLOBAL after the combination of GE Americom and SES GLOBAL in 2001. Prior to
SES GLOBAL, Mr. Johnson worked at GE Capital beginning in 1985 in a variety of executive level roles in Satellite Services, Aviation Services, and Transportation & Industrial Financing.  

  Pradman P. Kaul.     Mr. Kaul has served as President of Hughes Communications, Inc. since its formation in February 2006. Mr. Kaul has
also served as a member of our Board of Directors since August 2011 as well as a member of the board of directors of Hughes Communications from February 2006 until June 2011. Previously,
Mr. Kaul served as the Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director of Engineering of Hughes Network Systems, LLC ("HNS" and, together with Hughes Communications,
"Hughes"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Hughes Communications.  

  Kenneth G. Carroll.     Mr. Carroll has served as our Executive Vice President, Corporate and Business Development since December 2012.
Mr. Carroll served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from November 2011 to November 2012. Mr. Carroll, a 20-year veteran in the satellite TV and satellite
broadband industry, served as Chief Operating Officer of EchoStar Satellite Services from August 2010 to June 2011, and as Executive Vice President, Business Development and International, of EchoStar
Corporation from June 2011 to November 2011. Prior to joining EchoStar, from 2003 to 2010, Mr. Carroll served as President and Chief Operating Officer of WildBlue Communications, Inc., a
nationwide satellite broadband company. In addition, Mr. Carroll previously served as Chief Financial Officer for Liberty Satellite & Technology and DTH satellite TV provider, PrimeStar.  

  Sandi L. Kerentoff.     Ms. Kerentoff has served as our Executive Vice President, Global Human Resources since February 2012, following her appointment as head
of Global Human Resources in October 2011. Ms. Kerentoff also has served as Senior Vice President, Administration and Human Resources of Hughes Network Systems, LLC since April 2000.
Ms. Kerentoff joined Hughes Network Systems, LLC in 1977 and, from 1977 to 2000, held various positions of increasing responsibility.  


  Kranti K. Kilaru.     Mr. Kilaru has served as our Executive Vice President, Business Systems, IT, and Operations since July 2013. Mr. Kilaru served as
our Senior Vice President of our systems engineering group from April 2005 to July 2013 and was responsible for all broadcast centers, systems engineering, and global information technology
infrastructure and operations. Mr. Kilaru joined EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. in 1989 and, from 1989 to 2005, held various positions of increasing responsibility.  

  Dean A. Manson.     Mr. Manson has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since November 2011, and is responsible for all
legal and government affairs of EchoStar Corporation and its subsidiaries. Mr. Manson joined Hughes Network Systems, LLC in 2000 from the law firm of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley &
McCloy, where he focused on international project finance and corporate transactions, and was appointed General Counsel of Hughes Communications in 2004.  

 There
are no arrangements or understandings between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which any executive officer was selected as such. Pursuant to the Bylaws of EchoStar,
executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.  

 19 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       Item 1A.    RISK FACTORS          

 The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
or results of operation could be materially and adversely affected.  

  GENERAL RISKS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS   

  We currently derive a significant portion of our revenue from our primary customer, DISH Network. The loss of, or a significant reduction in, orders from, or a decrease in
selling prices of digital set-top boxes, transponder leasing, provision of digital broadcast services, broadband equipment and services and/or other products or services to DISH Network would
significantly reduce our revenue and adversely impact our results of operations.   

 DISH Network accounted for 58.8%, 49.5% and 59.9% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Any
reduction in sales to DISH Network or in the prices it pays for the products and services it purchases from us could have a significant negative impact on our business. In addition, because a
significant portion of our revenue is derived from DISH Network, our success also depends to a significant degree on the continued success of DISH Network in attracting new subscribers, marketing
programming packages, and other services and features to subscribers that will result in the purchase of new digital set-top boxes, and in particular, new digital set-top boxes at the high-end of our
product range that incorporate high-definition, multiple tuners, and other advanced technology. If DISH Network's gross subscriber additions are adversely affected by the sustained economic weakness
in the U.S., or for any other reason, we may experience a decline in our sales of digital set-top boxes to DISH Network. In addition, DISH Network has no obligations to continue to purchase our
products and only certain obligations to continue to purchase certain of our services. Therefore, our relationship with DISH Network could be terminated or substantially curtailed with little or no
advance notice. Any material reduction in our sales to DISH Network would have a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position.  

 As
previously disclosed by DISH Network, in May 2012, Fox Broadcasting Company, Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp. and Fox Television Holdings, Inc. filed a lawsuit against DISH Network
Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiary, DISH Network, L.L.C., in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, alleging that certain services provided by DISH Network, including
Slingbox functionality infringe their copyrights and breach their carriage contracts. An adverse decision against DISH Network could decrease the number of Sling enabled set-top boxes we sell to DISH
Network which could have an adverse impact on the business operations of our EchoStar Technologies segment.  

 In
addition, the timing of orders for digital set-top boxes from DISH Network could vary significantly depending on equipment promotions offered to its subscribers, changes in technology, and its use
of remanufactured digital set-top boxes, which may cause our revenue to vary significantly quarter over quarter and could expose us to the risks of inventory shortages or excess inventory. These
inventory risks are particularly acute during product end-of-life transitions in which a new generation of digital set-top boxes is being deployed and inventory of older generation digital set-top
boxes is at a higher risk of obsolescence. This in turn could cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. Furthermore, because of the maturing and competitive nature of the digital set-top
box business, the limited number of potential new customers, and the short-term nature of our purchase orders with DISH Network, we could in the future experience downward pricing pressure on our
digital set-top boxes sold to DISH Network, which in turn would adversely affect our gross margins and profitability.  

 In
addition, DISH Network is currently our primary customer of digital set-top boxes and digital broadcast operation services. These products and services are provided pursuant to contracts that
expire
on December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2016, respectively. Thereafter, if we are unable to extend those contracts on similar terms with DISH Network, or if we are otherwise unable to
obtain  

 20 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 acceptable
replacement contracts from third parties following a termination by DISH Network, there could be a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position.
There are a relatively small number of potential new customers for our digital set-top boxes, satellite services, and digital broadcast operations, and we expect this customer concentration to
continue for the foreseeable future. If we lose DISH Network as a customer, it will be difficult for us to replace, in whole or in part, our historical revenue from DISH Network and we have had
limited success in attracting such potential new customers in the past. Therefore, our operating results will likely continue to depend on sales to a relatively small number of customers, as well as
the continued success of these customers. In addition, we may, from time to time, enter into customer agreements providing for exclusivity periods during which we may sell a specified product only to
that customer. If we do not develop relationships with new customers, we may not be able to expand our customer base or maintain or increase our revenue.  

  We could face decreased demand and increased pricing pressure to our products and services due to competition.   

 
 
 • The digital set-top box market is intensely competitive, and market leadership changes frequently as a result of new
products, designs and pricing. Currently, there are many significant competitors in the set-top box business including several established companies who have sold set-top boxes to major cable
operators in the U.S. for many years. These competitors include Arris, Cisco, PACE, Samsung, and Technicolor. In addition, a number of rapidly growing companies have recently entered the market, many
of them with set-top box offerings similar to our existing satellite set-top box products. We also expect additional competition in the future from new and existing companies that do not currently
compete in the market for set-top boxes. The entry of these new competitors may result in increased pricing pressure in the market. If market prices are substantially reduced, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In particular, it may be difficult for us to make profitable sales in international markets where these new competitors are
present and in which we have not previously made sales of set-top boxes. As the set-top box business evolves, our current and potential competitors may establish cooperative relationships among
themselves or with third parties, including software and hardware companies that could acquire significant market share, which could adversely affect our business. We also face competition from
set-top boxes that have been internally developed by digital video providers. If we do not distinguish our products, particularly our retail products, through distinctive, technologically advanced
features and design, as well as build and strengthen our brand recognition, our business could be harmed as we may not be able to effectively compete on price alone against new low cost market
entrants. Any of these competitive threats, alone or in combination with others, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.  
 
 
 

 Furthermore,
our customers face competition from providers of digital media, including companies that offer online services distributing movies, television shows and other video programming. As
technologies develop, other means of delivering information and entertainment to television viewers are evolving. To the extent that these technologies compete successfully against our customers for
viewers, the ability of our existing customer base to attract and retain subscribers may be adversely affected. As a result, demand for our satellite television digital set-top boxes could decline and
we may not be able to sustain our current revenue levels.  

 
 
 • Our satellite services business competes against larger, well-established satellite service companies, such as Intelsat,
SES, Telesat, and Eutelsat. Because the satellite services industry is relatively mature, our growth strategy depends largely on our ability to displace current incumbent providers, which often have
the benefit of long-term contracts with customers. These long-term contracts and other factors result in relatively high costs for customers to change service providers, making it more difficult for
us to displace customers from their current  
 
 21 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 

 relationships
with our competitors. In addition, the supply of satellite capacity available in the market has increased in recent years, which makes it more difficult for us to sell our services in
certain markets and to price our capacity at acceptable levels. Competition may cause downward pressure on prices and further reduce the utilization of our fleet capacity, both of which could have an
adverse effect on our financial performance. Our EchoStar Satellite Services segment also competes with fiber optic cable and other terrestrial delivery systems, which may have a cost advantage,
particularly in point-to-point applications where such delivery systems have been installed.  

 
 
 • In our consumer market, we face competition primarily from DSL and cable internet service providers. Also, other
telecommunications, satellite and wireless broadband companies have launched or are planning the launch of consumer satellite internet access services in competition with our service offerings in
North America. Some of these competitors offer consumer services and hardware at lower prices than ours. In addition, terrestrial alternatives do not require our external dish, which may limit
customer acceptance of our products. Our primary competitor for consumer satellite internet access services is ViaSat Communications, which is owned by ViaSat. There can be no assurance that our
product offerings will remain competitive with those of ViaSat Communications.  
 • In our enterprise network communications market, we face competition from providers of terrestrial-based networks, such as
fiber, DSL, cable modem service, multiprotocol label switching and internet protocol-based virtual private networks, which may have advantages over satellite networks for certain customer
applications. The network communications industry is characterized by competitive pressures to provide enhanced functionality for the same or lower price with each new generation of technology.
Terrestrial-based networks are offered by telecommunications carriers and other large companies, many of which have substantially greater financial resources and greater name recognition than us. As
the prices of our products decrease, we will need to sell more products and/or reduce the per-unit costs to improve or maintain our results of operations. The costs of a satellite network may exceed
those of a terrestrial-based network, especially in areas that have experienced significant DSL and cable internet build-out. It may become more difficult for us to compete with terrestrial providers
as the number of these areas increases and the cost of their network and hardware services declines. Terrestrial networks also have a competitive edge because of lower latency for data transmission.  
 

  The average selling price and gross margins of our digital set-top boxes have been decreasing and may decrease even further, which could negatively impact our financial
position and results of operations.   

 The average selling price and gross margins of our digital set-top boxes have been decreasing and may decrease even further due to, among other
things, an increase in the sales of lower-priced digital set-top boxes to DISH Network and increased competitive pricing pressure. Furthermore, our ability to increase the average selling prices of
our digital set-top boxes is limited and our average selling price may decrease even further in response to competitive pricing pressures, new product introductions by us or our competitors, lack of
demand for our new product introductions or other factors. If we are unable to increase or at least maintain the average selling prices of our digital set-top boxes, or if such selling prices further
decline, and we are unable to respond in a timely manner by developing and introducing new products and continually reducing our product costs, our revenue and gross margin may be negatively affected,
which will harm our financial position and results of operations.  

 22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  If significant numbers of television viewers are unwilling to pay for pay-TV services that utilize digital set-top boxes, we may not be able to sustain our current revenue
level.   

 We are substantially dependent upon the ability of our customers to promote the delivery of pay-TV services, including, among others, premium
programming packages and services that utilize technology incorporated into our digital set-top boxes, such as HD technology and IPTV, to generate future revenue.  


 However,
our customers may be unsuccessful in promoting value-added services or may promote alternative packages, such as free programming packages, in lieu of promoting packages that utilize our
high-end digital set-top box offerings. If our customers are unable to develop and effectively market compelling reasons for their subscribers to continue to purchase their pay-TV services that
utilize our more advanced digital set-top boxes, it will be difficult for us to sustain our historical revenue. This risk is exacerbated by the sustained economic weakness under which consumers become
more cost-sensitive in their discretionary spending and by increasing consumer demand for online platforms that provide for the distribution and viewing of video programming that competes with our
customers' pay-TV services.  

  We may have unused satellite capacity in our EchoStar Satellite Services segment, and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected if we are not able to
lease this capacity to third parties, including DISH Network.   

 We currently have unused satellite capacity in our EchoStar Satellite Services segment. While we are currently evaluating various opportunities to
make profitable use of our satellite capacity (including, but not limited to, supplying satellite capacity for new international ventures), we do not have firm plans to utilize all of our satellite
capacity. There can be no assurance that we can successfully develop the business opportunities we currently plan to pursue to utilize this capacity. If we are unable to lease our satellite capacity
to third parties, including DISH Network, our margins could be negatively impacted and we may be required to record impairments related to our satellites.  

  The failure to adequately anticipate the need for satellite capacity or the inability to obtain satellite capacity for our Hughes segment could harm our results of
operations.   

 Our Hughes segment has made substantial contractual commitments for satellite capacity based on our existing customer contracts and backlog, as well
as anticipated future business, to the extent our existing broadband customers are not expected to utilize our SPACEWAY 3 or EchoStar XVII satellites. If future demand does not meet our
expectations, we will be committed to maintaining excess satellite capacity for which we will have insufficient revenue to cover our costs, which would have a negative impact on our margins and
results of operations. We have satellite capacity commitments for Ku-band frequencies, generally for two to five year terms, with third parties to cover different geographical areas or support
different applications and features; therefore, we may not be able to quickly or easily adjust our capacity to changes in demand. If we only purchase satellite capacity based on existing contracts and
bookings, capacity for certain types of coverage in the future may not be readily served or available to us, and we may not be able to satisfy certain needs of our customers, which could result in a
loss of possible new business and could negatively impact the margins earned for those services. At present, until the launch and operation of additional satellites, there is limited availability of
capacity on the Ku-band frequencies in North America. In addition, the FSS industry has seen consolidation in the past decade, and today, the main FSS providers in North America and a number of
smaller regional providers own and operate the current satellites that are available for our capacity needs. The failure of any of these FSS providers to replace existing satellite assets at the end
of their useful lives or a downturn in their industry as a whole could reduce or interrupt the Ku-band capacity available to us. If we are not able to renew our capacity leases at economically viable
rates, or  

 23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 if
capacity is not available due to any problems of the FSS providers, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.  


  We are dependent upon third-party providers for components, manufacturing, installation services, and customer support services, and our results of operations may be
materially adversely affected if any of these third-party providers fail to appropriately deliver the contracted goods or services.   

 We are dependent upon third-party services and products provided to us, including the following:  

 
 
 • Components.   A limited number of suppliers and in some cases a single supplier
manufacture some of the key components required to build our products. Our reliance on a single or limited group of suppliers, particularly foreign suppliers, and our increasing reliance on
subcontractors, involves several risks. These risks include a potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components, and reduced control over pricing, quality, and timely delivery of
these components. We do not generally maintain long-term agreements with any of our suppliers or subcontractors for our products. An inability to obtain adequate deliveries or any other circumstances
requiring us to seek alternative sources of supply could affect our ability to ship our digital set-top boxes on a timely basis, which could damage our relationships with current and prospective
customers and harm our business, resulting in a loss of market share, and reduce revenue and income.     
 • Commodity Price
Risk.   Fluctuations in pricing of raw materials have the ability to affect our product costs. To the extent that component pricing does
not decline or increases, whether due to inflation, increased demand, decreased supply or other factors, we may not be able to pass on the impact of increasing raw materials prices or labor and other
costs, to our customers, and we may not be able to operate profitably. Although we have been successful in offsetting or mitigating our exposure to these fluctuations, such changes could have an
adverse impact on our product costs.     
 • Manufacturing.   While we develop and manufacture prototypes for our products, we use
contract manufacturers to produce a significant portion of our hardware. If these contract manufacturers fail to provide products that meet our specifications in a timely manner, then our customer
relationships may be harmed.     
 • Installation and customer support
services.   Each of our North American and international operations utilizes a network of third-party installers to deploy our hardware.
In addition, a portion of our customer support and management is provided by offshore call centers. Since we provide customized services for our customers that are essential to their operations, a
decline in levels of service or attention to the needs of our customers could adversely affect our reputation, renewal rates and ability to win new business.  
 

  Our foreign operations expose us to regulatory risks and restrictions not present in our domestic operations.   

 Our operations outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 14.1%, 23.0% and 19.3% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011, respectively. Collectively, we expect our foreign operations to continue to represent a significant portion of our business. We have operations in Brazil, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy,
Mexico, the Russian Federation, the United Arab Emirates, Ireland and the United Kingdom, among other nations. Over the last 10 years, we have sold products in over 100 countries. Our foreign
operations involve varying degrees of risk and uncertainties inherent in doing business abroad. Such risks include:  

 
 
 • Complications in complying with restrictions on foreign ownership and
investment and limitations on repatriation.   We may not be permitted to own our operations in some countries and may have to enter into
partnership or joint venture relationships. Many foreign legal regimes restrict our  
 
 24 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 

 repatriation
of earnings to the U.S. from our subsidiaries and joint venture entities. Applicable law in such foreign countries may also limit our ability to distribute or access our assets in certain
circumstances. In such event, we will not have access to the cash flow and assets of our joint ventures.   

 
 
 • Difficulties in following a variety of laws and regulations related to
foreign operations.   Our international operations are subject to the laws of many different jurisdictions that may differ significantly
from U.S. law. For example, local political or intellectual property law may hold us responsible for the data that is transmitted over our network by our customers. In addition, we are subject to the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or giving or promising to
give anything of value to foreign officials and other individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining a competitive advantage. Our policies mandate compliance with these
laws. However, we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced corruption to some degree. Compliance with these laws may lead to increased operations costs or loss of business
opportunities. Violations of these laws could result in fines or other penalties or sanctions, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.     
 • Restrictions on space station landing
rights/coordination.   Satellite market access and landing rights are dependent on the national regulations established by foreign
governments, including, but not limited to: (a) national coordination requirements and registration requirements for satellites; and (b) reporting requirements of national
telecommunications regulators with respect to service provision and satellite performance. In addition, we must comply with foreign national requirements for the registration of satellites and
associated obligations. Because regulatory schemes vary by country, we may be subject to laws or regulations in foreign countries of which we are not presently aware. Non-compliance with these
requirements may result in the loss of the authorizations and licenses to conduct business in these countries. If that were to be the case, we could be subject to sanctions by a foreign government
that could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate in that country. There is no assurance that any current regulatory approvals held by us are, or will remain, sufficient in the view of
foreign regulatory authorities, or that any additional necessary approvals will be granted on a timely basis or at all, in all jurisdictions in which we wish to operate new satellites, or that
applicable restrictions in those jurisdictions will not be unduly burdensome. The failure to obtain the authorizations necessary to operate satellites internationally could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to generate revenue and our overall competitive position.     
 • Financial and legal constraints and
obligations.   Operating pursuant to foreign licenses subjects us to certain financial constraints and obligations, including, but not
limited to: (a) tax liabilities that may or may not be dependent on revenues; (b) the burden of creating and maintaining additional facilities and staffing in foreign jurisdictions; and
(c) legal regulations requiring that we make certain satellite capacity available for "free," which may impact our revenue. In addition, if we ever need to pursue legal remedies against our
customers or our business partners located outside of the U.S., it may be difficult for us to enforce our rights against them.  
 • Compliance with applicable export control laws and regulations in the U.S. and other
countries . We must comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations of the U.S. and other countries. U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us include the Arms
Export Control Act, the ITAR, the EAR and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the OFAC. The export of certain hardware, technical data and services relating to satellites is
regulated by the U.S. Department of State's Directorate of Defense Trade Controls under ITAR. Other items are controlled for export by the BIS under EAR. We cannot provide services to certain
countries subject to U.S. trade sanctions unless we first obtain the necessary authorizations from OFAC.  
 
 25 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
 

 Violations
of these laws or regulations could result in significant sanctions including fines, more onerous compliance requirements, debarments from export privileges or loss of authorizations needed
to conduct aspects of our international business. A violation of ITAR or the other regulations enumerated above could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.   

 
 
 • Changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S.
dollar.   We conduct our business and incur cost in the local currency of a number of the countries in which we operate. Accordingly, our
results of operations are reported in the relevant local currency and then translated to U.S. dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our financial statements. These
fluctuations in currency exchange rates have affected, and may in the future affect, revenue, profits and cash earned on international sales. In addition, we sell our products and services and acquire
supplies and components from countries that historically have been, and may continue to be, susceptible to recessions or currency devaluation.     
 • Greater exposure to the possibility of economic instability, the
disruption of operations from labor and political disturbances, expropriation or war.   As we conduct operations throughout the world, we
could be subject to regional or national economic downturns or instability, labor or political disturbances or conflicts of various sizes. Any of these disruptions could detrimentally affect our sales
in the affected region or country or lead to damage to, or expropriation of, our property or danger to our personnel.     
 • Competition with large or state-owned enterprises and/or regulations
that effectively limit our operations and favor local competitors.   Many of the countries in which we conduct business have traditionally
had state owned or state granted monopolies on telecommunications services that favor an incumbent service provider. We face competition from these favored and entrenched companies in countries that
have not deregulated. The slower pace of deregulation in these countries, particularly in Asia and Latin America, has adversely affected the growth of our business in these regions.    
 • Customer credit
risks.   Customer credit risks are exacerbated in foreign operations because there is often little information available about the credit
histories of customers in the foreign countries in which we operate.  
 

  We may experience significant financial losses on our existing investments.   

 We have entered into certain strategic transactions and investments in North and South America, Asia and elsewhere. These investments involve a high
degree of risk and could diminish our ability to fund a share repurchase program, invest capital in our business or return capital to our shareholders. The overall sustained economic uncertainty, as
well as financial, operational and other difficulties encountered by certain companies in which we have invested increases the risk that the actual amounts realized in the future on our debt and
equity investments will differ significantly from the fair values currently assigned to them. These investments could also expose us to significant financial losses and may restrict our ability to
make other investments or limit alternative uses of our capital resources. If our investments suffer losses, our financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the companies
in which we invest or with whom we partner may not be able to compete effectively or there may be insufficient demand for the services and products offered by these companies.  

  We may pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions to complement or expand our business, which may not be successful and we may lose a portion or all of our
investment in these acquisitions and transactions.   

 Our future success may depend on the existence of, and our ability to capitalize on, opportunities to acquire other businesses or technologies or
partner with other companies that could complement,  

 26 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 enhance
or expand our current business or products or that may otherwise offer us growth opportunities. We may pursue acquisitions, joint ventures or other business combination activities to
complement or expand our business. Any such acquisitions, transactions or investments that we are able to identify and complete which may become substantial over time, involve a high degree of risk,
including, but not limited to, the following: 

 
 
 • the diversion of our management's attention from our existing business to integrate the operations and personnel of the
acquired or combined business or joint venture;  
 • possible adverse effects on our operating results during the integration process;    
 • exposure to significant financial losses if the transactions and/or the underlying ventures are not successful; and/or we
are unable to achieve the intended objectives of the transaction;  
 • the inability to obtain in the anticipated time frame, or at all, any regulatory approvals required to complete proposed
acquisitions, transactions or investments; and  
 • the risks associated with complying with regulations applicable to the acquired business which may cause us to incur
substantial expenses.  
 

 New
acquisitions, joint ventures and other transactions may require the commitment of significant capital that may otherwise be directed to investments in our existing businesses or be distributed to
shareholders. Commitment of this capital may cause us to defer or suspend any share repurchases or capital expenditures that we otherwise may have made.  

 We
have made and will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for new products, services and related technologies, as well as entry into new business areas.
Investments in new technologies and business areas are inherently speculative and commercial success thereof depends on numerous factors including innovativeness, quality of service and support, and
effectiveness of sales and marketing. We may not achieve revenue or profitability from such investments for a number of years, if at all. Moreover, even if such products, services, technologies and
business area become profitable, their operating margins may be minimal.  

  We may not be able to generate cash to meet our debt service needs or fund our operations.   

 Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ("HSS"), our wholly owned subsidiary that, together with its subsidiaries, operates our Hughes segment and our
EchoStar Satellite Services segment, has incurred significant indebtedness. HSS currently has outstanding $1.10 billion of senior secured notes (the "Secured Notes") and $900.0 million
of senior unsecured notes (the "Unsecured Notes" and, together with the Secured Notes, the "Notes"). HSS' ability to make payments on or to refinance its indebtedness and to fund its operations will
depend on its ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject in part to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. HSS
may need to raise additional debt in order to fund ongoing operations or to capitalize on business opportunities. HSS may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and future
borrowings may not be available in amounts sufficient to enable HSS to service its indebtedness or to fund its operations or other liquidity needs. If HSS is unable to generate sufficient cash, it may
be forced to take actions such as revising or delaying its strategic plans, reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing its debt or seeking additional
equity capital. HSS may not be able to affect any of these remedies on satisfactory terms, or at all. The indentures governing the Notes also limit HSS' ability to dispose of assets and use the
proceeds from such dispositions. Therefore, HSS may not be able to consummate those dispositions on satisfactory terms, or at all, or to use those proceeds in a manner it may otherwise prefer.  


 In
addition, weakness in the financial markets could make it difficult for us to access capital markets at acceptable terms or at all. Instability in the equity markets could make it difficult for us
to raise equity financing without incurring substantial dilution to our existing shareholders. In addition, sustained  

 27 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 economic
weakness may limit our ability to generate sufficient internal cash to fund investments, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other strategic transactions. We cannot predict with any
certainty whether or not we will be impacted by sustained economic weakness. As a result, these conditions make it difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities because
we may not have access to funding sources necessary for us to pursue organic and strategic business development opportunities.  

  Covenants in HSS' indentures restrict its business in many ways.   

 The indentures governing the Notes contain various covenants, subject to certain exceptions, that limit HSS' ability and/or its restricted
subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: 

 
 
 • pay dividends or make distributions on HSS' capital stock or repurchase HSS' capital stock;    
 • incur additional debt;  
 • make certain investments;  
 • create liens or enter into sale and leaseback transactions;  
 • merge or consolidate with another company;  
 • transfer and sell assets;  
 • enter into transactions with affiliates; and  
 • allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability of certain subsidiaries of HSS to pay dividends, make distributions,
make other payments, or transfer assets to HSS or its subsidiaries.  
 

 Failure
to comply with these and certain other financial covenants, if not cured or waived, may result in an event of default under the indentures, which could have a material adverse effect on HSS'
business or prospects. If an event of default occurs and is continuing under the respective indenture, the trustee under that indenture or the requisite holders of the Notes under that indenture may
declare all such Notes to be immediately due and payable and, in the case of the indenture governing the Secured Notes, could proceed against the collateral that secures the Secured Notes. HSS and
certain of its subsidiaries have pledged a significant portion of their assets as collateral under the indenture governing the Secured Notes. If HSS does not have enough cash to service its debt or
fund other liquidity needs, it may be required to take actions such as requesting a waiver from the holders of the Notes, reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or
refinancing all or part of the existing debt, or seeking additional equity capital. We cannot assure you that any of these remedies can be effected on commercially reasonable terms or at all.  

  We rely on key personnel and the loss of their services may negatively affect our businesses.   

 We believe that our future success will depend to a significant extent upon the performance of Mr. Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and
certain other key executives. The loss of Mr. Ergen or of certain other key executives or the ability of Mr. Ergen or certain other key executives to devote sufficient time and effort to
our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although all of our executives have agreements limiting their ability to work for or
consult with competitors if they leave us, we generally do not have employment agreements with them. To the extent Mr. Ergen or other officers are performing services to both DISH Network and
us, their attention may be diverted away from our business and therefore adversely affect our business.  

 28 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

  RISKS RELATED TO OUR SATELLITES   

  Our owned and leased satellites in orbit are subject to significant operational and environmental risks that could limit our ability to utilize these satellites.   

 Satellites are subject to significant operational risks while in orbit. These risks include malfunctions, commonly referred to as anomalies, which
have occurred and may occur in the future in our satellites and the satellites of other operators as a result of various factors, such as satellite design and manufacturing defects, problems with the
power systems or control systems of the satellites and general failures resulting from operating satellites in the harsh environment of space.  

 Although
we work closely with the satellite manufacturers to determine and eliminate the cause of anomalies in new satellites and provide for redundancies of many critical components in the
satellites, we may not be able to prevent anomalies from occurring and may experience anomalies in the future, whether of the types described above or arising from the failure of other systems or
components.  

 Any
single anomaly or series of anomalies could materially and adversely affect our ability to utilize the satellite, our operations and revenue as well as our relationship with current customers and
our ability to attract new customers. In particular, future anomalies may result in the loss of individual transponders on a satellite, a group of transponders on that satellite or the entire
satellite, depending on the nature of the anomaly. Anomalies may also reduce the expected capacity or useful life of a satellite, thereby reducing the revenue that could be generated by that
satellite, or create additional expenses due to the need to provide replacement or back-up satellites or satellite capacity.  

 Meteoroid
events pose a potential threat to all in-orbit satellites. The probability that meteoroids will damage those satellites increases significantly when the Earth passes through the particulate
stream left behind by comets. Occasionally, increased solar activity also poses a potential threat to all in-orbit satellites.  

 Some
decommissioned spacecraft are in uncontrolled orbits, which pass through the geostationary belt at various points and present hazards to operational spacecraft, including our satellites. We may
be required to perform maneuvers to avoid collisions and these maneuvers may prove unsuccessful or could reduce the useful life of the satellite through the expenditure of fuel to perform these
maneuvers. The loss, damage or destruction of any of our satellites as a result of an electrostatic storm, collision with space debris, malfunction or other event could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

  Our satellites have minimum design lives ranging from 12 to 15 years, but could fail or suffer reduced capacity before then.   

 Generally, the minimum design life of each of our satellites ranges from 12 to 15 years. We can provide no assurance, however, as to the
actual operational lives of our satellites, which may be shorter than their design lives. Our ability to earn revenue depends on the continued operation of our satellites, each of which has a limited
useful life. A number of factors affect the useful lives of the satellites, including, among other things, the quality of their design and construction, the durability of their component parts, the
ability to continue to maintain proper orbit and control over the satellite's functions, the efficiency of the launch vehicle used, and the remaining on-board fuel following orbit insertion.  

 In
the event of a failure or loss of any of our satellites, we may relocate another satellite and use it as a replacement for the failed or lost satellite, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such a relocation would require FCC approval
and, among other things, a showing to the FCC that the replacement satellite would not cause additional interference compared to the failed or lost satellite. We cannot be certain that we could obtain
such FCC approval. In addition, we cannot guarantee that another satellite will be available for  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 use
as a replacement for a failed or lost satellite, or that such relocation can be accomplished without a substantial utilization of fuel. Any such utilization of fuel would reduce the operational
life of the replacement satellite.  

  Our satellites under construction are subject to risks related to construction and launch that could limit our ability to utilize these satellites.   

 Satellite construction and launch are subject to significant risks, including delays, launch failure and incorrect orbital placement. Certain launch
vehicles that may be used by us have either unproven track records or have experienced launch failures in the past. The risks of launch delay and failure are usually greater when the launch vehicle
does not have a track record of previous successful flights. Launch failures result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct replacement satellites,
which can take more than three years, and to obtain other launch opportunities. Construction and launch delays could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. Historically, we
generally have not carried launch insurance on our satellites; if a launch failure were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund future satellite procurement and launch
opportunities. In addition, the occurrence of launch failures, whether on our satellites or those of others may significantly reduce the availability of launch insurance on our satellites or make
launch insurance premiums uneconomical.  

  We generally do not have commercial insurance coverage on the satellites we use and could face significant impairment charges if one of our uninsured satellites fails.   


 We generally do not carry in-orbit insurance on any of our satellites, other than SPACEWAY 3, EchoStar XVI and EchoStar XVII,
and often do not use commercial insurance to mitigate the potential financial impact of launch or in-orbit failures because we believe that the cost of insurance premiums is uneconomical relative to
the risk of such failures. If one or more of our in-orbit uninsured satellites fail, we could be required to record significant impairment charges.  

  Our use of certain satellites is often dependent on satellite coordination agreements, which may be difficult to obtain.   

 Satellite transmissions and the use of frequencies often are dependent on coordination with other satellite systems operated by U.S. or foreign
satellite operators, and it can be difficult to determine the outcome of these coordination agreements with these other entities and governments. The impact of a coordination agreement may result in
the loss of rights to the use of certain frequencies or access to certain markets. The significance of such a loss would vary and it can therefore be difficult to determine which portion of our
revenue will be impacted.  

 Furthermore,
the satellite coordination process is conducted under the guidance of the ITU radio regulations and the national regulations of the satellites involved in the coordination process. These
rules and regulations could be amended and could therefore materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  


  Our dependence on outside contractors could result in delays related to the design, manufacture and launch of our new satellites, which could in turn adversely affect our
operating results.   

 There are a limited number of manufacturers that are able to design and build satellites according to the technical specifications and standards of
quality we require, including Airbus Defense and Space, Boeing Satellite Systems, Lockheed Martin, Space Systems Loral ("SS/L") and Thales Alenia Space. There are also a limited number
of launch service providers that are able to launch such satellites, including International Launch Services, Arianespace, United Launch Alliance, ADD Space Exploration and Sea Launch Company. The
loss of any of our manufacturers or launch service  

 30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 providers
could increase the cost and result in the delay of the design, construction or launch of our satellites. Even if alternate suppliers for such services are available, we may have difficulty
identifying them in a timely manner or we may incur significant additional expense in changing suppliers, and this could result in difficulties or delays in the design, construction or launch of our
satellites. Any delays in the design, construction or launch of our satellites could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

  RISKS RELATED TO OUR PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY   

  If we are unable to properly respond to technological changes, our business could be significantly harmed.   

 Our business and the markets in which we operate are characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards and frequent product
and service introductions and enhancements. If we or our suppliers are unable to properly respond to or keep pace with technological developments, fail to develop new technologies, or if our
competitors obtain or develop proprietary technologies that are perceived by the market as being superior to ours, our existing products and services may become obsolete and demand for our products
and services may decline. Even if we keep up with technological innovation, we may not meet the demands of the markets we serve. Furthermore, after we have incurred substantial research and
development costs, one or more of the technologies under our development, or under development by one or more of our strategic partners, could become obsolete prior to its introduction. If we are
unable to respond to or keep pace with technological advances on a cost-effective and timely basis, or if our products, applications or services are not accepted by the market, then our business,
financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.  

 Our
response to technological developments depends, to a significant degree, on the work of technically skilled employees. Competition for the services of such employees is intense. Although we strive
to attract and retain these employees, we may not succeed in this respect.  

  Our future growth depends on growing demand for advanced technologies.   

 Future demand for our digital set-top boxes will depend significantly on the growing demand for advanced technologies, such as HDTV, 3D TV, a
whole-home HD DVR and broadband internet connectivity. The effective delivery of advanced technologies, such as HDTV and 3D TV, will depend on digital television operators developing and building
infrastructure to provide widespread HDTV and 3D TV programming. If the deployment of, or demand for, advanced technologies, such as HDTV, 3D TV, a whole-home HD DVR and broadband internet
connectivity, is not as widespread or as rapid as we or our customers expect, our revenue growth will be limited.  

  Our business depends on certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. The loss of our intellectual property rights
or our infringement of the intellectual property rights of others could have a significant adverse impact on our business.   

 We rely on our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other parties, to use
our technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims by third parties of intellectual property infringement
could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the
intellectual property in question or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted, which could require us to change our business practices or limit our ability to compete effectively
or could otherwise have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may
divert management's attention and resources away from our business.  

 31 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Moreover,
due to the rapid pace of technological change, we rely in part on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses or other
required intellectual property rights from these third parties on reasonable terms, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected. Technology licensed from
third parties may have undetected errors that impair the functionality or prevent the successful integration of our products or services. As a result of any such changes or loss, we may need to incur
additional development costs to ensure continued performance of our products or suffer delays until replacement technology, if available, can be obtained and integrated.  

 In
addition, we work with third parties such as vendors, contractors and suppliers for the development and manufacture of components that are integrated into our products and our products may contain
technologies provided to us by these third parties. We may have little or no ability to determine in advance whether any such technology infringes the intellectual property rights of others. Our
vendors, contractors and suppliers may not be required to indemnify us in the event that a claim of infringement is asserted against us, or they may be required to indemnify us only up to a maximum
amount, above which we would be responsible for any further costs or damages. Legal challenges to these intellectual property rights may impair our ability to use the products and technologies that we
need in order to operate our business and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, in February 2012 and September 2013, ViaSat and
its subsidiary ViaSat Communications filed lawsuits in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California against SS/L, the manufacturer of EchoStar XVII and EchoStar XIX. ViaSat alleges,
among other things, that SS/L infringes six different patents, and has breached its contractual obligations through the use of such patented technology to manufacture EchoStar XVII,
EchoStar XIX and other satellites. While we are not a named party to this matter, an adverse decision against SS/L could have a
significant impact on our business operations and impair our ability to make use of EchoStar XVII, EchoStar XIX, or other satellites from SS/L.  


  We are party to various lawsuits which, if adversely decided, could have a significant adverse impact on our business, particularly lawsuits regarding intellectual property.   

 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, which arise in the ordinary course of our business. Many entities, including some of our
competitors, have or may in the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights that cover or affect products or services related to those that we offer. In general, if a court determines
that one or more of our products or services infringes valid intellectual property rights held by others, we may be required to cease developing or marketing those products or services, to obtain
licenses from the holders of the intellectual property at a material cost, or to redesign those products or services in such a way as to avoid infringement. If those intellectual property rights are
held by a competitor, we may be unable to license the necessary intellectual property rights at any price, which could adversely affect our competitive position. Please see further discussion under
Item 1. Business—Patents and Trademarks and Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

  If the encryption and related security technology used in our digital set-top boxes is compromised, sales of our digital set-top boxes may decline.   

 Our customers use encryption and related security technology obtained from us or our suppliers in the digital set-top boxes that they purchase from
us to control access to their programming content. Such encryption and related security technology has been compromised in the past and may be compromised in the future even though we continue to
respond with significant investment in security measures, such as updates in security software, that are intended to make signal theft more difficult. It has been our prior experience that security
measures may only be effective for short periods of time or not at all. We cannot ensure that we will be successful in reducing or controlling theft of our customers' programming  

 32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 content.
As a result, sales of our digital set-top boxes may decline and we may incur additional costs in the future if security of our customers' system is compromised.  


  We rely on network and information systems and other technologies and a disruption, cyber-attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems or technologies may
disrupt or harm our business.   

 The capacity, reliability and security of our information technology hardware and software infrastructure are important to the operation of our
current business, which would suffer in the event of system disruptions or failures, such as computer hackings, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software,
process breakdowns, denial of service attacks or other malicious activities. Our networks and those of our third-party service providers and our customers may be vulnerable to these attacks and
unauthorized access. Persons who circumvent security measures could wrongfully obtain or use information on the network or cause interruptions, delays or malfunctions in our operations, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of security
breaches or to alleviate problems, including reputational harm and litigation, caused by any breaches. Although we have implemented and intend to continue to implement industry-standard security
measures, these measures may prove to be inadequate and result in system failures and delays that could lower network operations center availability and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Likewise, our ability to expand and update our information technology infrastructure in response to our growth and changing needs is important to the
continued implementation of our new service offering initiatives. Our inability to expand or upgrade our technology infrastructure could have adverse consequences, which could include the delayed
implementation of new offerings, product or service interruptions, and the diversion of development resources.  

  If our products contain defects, we could be subject to significant costs to correct such defects and our product and network service contracts could be delayed or
cancelled, which could adversely affect our revenue.   

 The products and the networks we deploy are highly complex, and some may contain defects when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements
are released, despite testing and our quality control procedures. For example, set-top boxes may contain software "bugs" that can unexpectedly interfere with their operation. Defects may also occur in
components and products that we purchase from third parties. In addition, many of our products and network services are designed to interface with our customers' existing networks, each of which has
different specifications and utilize multiple protocol standards. Our products and services must interoperate with the other products and services within our customers' networks, as well as with
future products and services that might be added to these networks, to meet our customers' requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix all defects in the products
and networks we sell. The occurrence of any defects, errors or failures in our products or network services could result in: (i) additional costs to correct such defects;
(ii) cancellation of orders and lost revenue; (iii) a reduction in revenue backlog; (iv) product returns or recalls; (v) diversion of our resources; (vi) the
issuance of credits to customers and other losses to us, our customers or end-users; and (vii) harm to our reputation if we fail to detect or effectively address such issues through design,
testing or warranty repairs. Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products and services and loss of sales, which would harm our reputation and
our business and adversely affect our revenue and profitability.  

 33 

 
 

 
   

 Table of Contents 

  RISKS RELATED TO THE REGULATION OF OUR BUSINESS   

  Our business is subject to risks of adverse government regulation.   

 Our business is subject to varying degrees of regulation in the U.S. by the FCC, and other entities, and in foreign countries by similar entities and
internationally by the ITU. These regulations are subject to the political process and do change from time to time. Moreover, a substantial number of foreign countries in which we have, or may in the
future make, an investment, regulate, in varying degrees, the ownership of satellites and the distribution and ownership of programming services and foreign investment in telecommunications companies.
Violations of laws or regulations may result in various sanctions including fines, loss of authorizations and the denial of applications for new authorizations or for the renewal of existing
authorizations. Further material changes in law and regulatory requirements must be anticipated, and there can be no assurance that our business and the business of our affiliates will not be
adversely affected by future legislation, new regulation or deregulation.  

  Our business depends on regulatory authorizations issued by the FCC and state and foreign regulators, that can expire, be revoked or modified, and applications for licenses
and other authorizations that may not be granted.   

 Generally all satellite, earth stations and other licenses granted by the FCC and most other countries are subject to expiration unless renewed by
the regulatory agency. Our licenses are currently set to expire at various times. In addition, we occasionally receive special temporary authorizations that are granted for limited periods of time
(e.g., 180 days or less) and subject to possible renewal. Generally, our licenses and special temporary authorizations have been renewed on a routine basis, but there can be no assurance
that this will continue. There can be no assurance that the FCC or other regulators will continue granting applications for new earth stations or for the renewal of existing ones. If the FCC or other
regulators were to cancel, revoke, suspend, or fail to renew any of our licenses or authorizations, or fail to grant our applications for FCC or other licenses, it could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Specifically, loss of a frequency authorization would reduce the amount of spectrum available to us, potentially reducing the amount of services we provide to our customers. The significance of such a
loss of authorizations would vary based upon, among other things, the orbital location, the frequency band and the availability of a replacement spectrum. In addition, Congress and political bodies in
other countries often consider legislation that could affect us and enact legislation that does affect us, and FCC proceedings to implement the Communications Act, as well as other regulatory
proceedings in foreign countries, and the enforcement of their regulations is ongoing. We cannot predict the outcomes of these legislative or regulatory proceedings or their effect on our business.  

 In
addition, third parties have or may oppose some of our license applications and pending and future requests for extensions, modifications, waivers and approvals of our licenses. Even if we have
fully complied with all of the required reporting, filing and other requirements in connection with our authorizations, it is possible a regulator could decline to grant certain of our applications or
requests for authority, or could revoke, terminate, condition or decline to modify, extend or renew certain of our authorizations or licenses.  


  Our ability to sell our digital set-top boxes to certain operators depends on our ability to obtain licenses to use the conditional access systems utilized by these
operators.   

 Our commercial success in selling our digital set-top boxes to cable television and other operators depends significantly on our ability to obtain
licenses to use the conditional access systems deployed by these operators in our digital set-top boxes. In many cases, the intellectual property rights to these conditional access systems are owned
by the set-top box manufacturer that currently provides the system operator with its set-top boxes. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain required  

 34 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 licenses
on commercially favorable terms, or at all. If we do not obtain the necessary licenses, we may be delayed or prevented from pursuing the development of some potential products with cable or
other television operators. Our failure to obtain a license to use the conditional access systems that we may require to develop or commercialize our digital set-top boxes with cable television or
other operators, in turn, would harm our ability to grow our customer base and revenue.  


  We may face difficulties in accurately assessing and collecting contributions towards the Universal Service Fund.   

 As a provider of telecommunications services in the U.S., we are presently required to contribute a fee, which is based upon a percentage of our
revenue from telecommunications services, to the Universal Service Fund to support mechanisms that subsidize the provision of services to low-income consumers, high-cost areas, schools, libraries and
rural health care providers. This percentage is set each calendar quarter by the FCC. Current FCC rules permit us to pass this Universal Service Fund contribution onto our customers.  

 Because
our customer contracts often include both telecommunications services, which create such support obligations, and other goods and services, which do not, it can be difficult to determine which
portion of our revenue forms the basis for this contribution and the amount that we can recover from our customers. If the FCC, which oversees the support mechanisms, or a court or other governmental
entity were to determine that we computed our contribution obligation incorrectly or passed the wrong amount onto our customers, we could become subject to additional assessments, liabilities, or
other financial penalties. In addition, the FCC is considering substantial changes to its Universal Service Fund contribution and distribution rules. These changes could impact our future contribution
obligations and those of third parties that provide communication services to our business. Any such change to the Universal Service Fund contribution rules could adversely affect our costs of
providing service to our customers. In addition, changes to the Universal Service Fund distribution rules could intensify the competition we face by offering subsidies to competing firms and/or
technologies.  

  OTHER RISKS   

  We are controlled by one principal stockholder who is our Chairman.   

 Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, beneficially owns approximately 50.2% of our total equity securities (assuming conversion of only the
Class B Common Stock held by Mr. Ergen into Class A Common Stock) and possesses approximately 80.8% of the total voting power. Mr. Ergen's beneficial ownership of us
excludes 5,738,471 shares of our Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of shares of our Class B Common Stock currently held by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for
the benefit of his family. These trusts beneficially own approximately 11.8% of our total equity securities (assuming conversion of only the Class B Common Stock held by such trusts into
Class A Common Stock) and possess approximately 11.0% of our total voting power. Thus, Mr. Ergen has the ability to elect a majority of our directors and to control all other matters
requiring the approval of our stockholders. As a result of Mr. Ergen's voting power, we are a "controlled company"
as defined in the Nasdaq listing rules and, therefore, are not subject to Nasdaq requirements that would otherwise require us to have (i) a majority of independent directors; (ii) a
nominating committee composed solely of independent directors; (iii) compensation of our executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee
composed solely of independent directors; and (iv) director nominees selected, or recommended for the Board's selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating
committee composed solely of independent directors.  

 35 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  We have potential conflicts of interest with DISH Network due to our common ownership and management.   

 Questions relating to conflicts of interest may arise between DISH Network and us in a number of areas relating to our past and ongoing
relationships. Areas in which conflicts of interest between DISH Network and us could arise include, but are not limited to, the following:  

 
 
 • Cross officerships, directorships and stock
ownership.   We have certain overlap in directors and executive officers with DISH Network, which may lead to conflicting interests. Our
Board of Directors includes persons who are members of the Board of Directors of DISH Network, including Charles W. Ergen, who serves as the Chairman of DISH Network and us. The executive
officers and the members of our Board of Directors who overlap with DISH Network also have fiduciary duties to DISH Network's shareholders. Therefore, these individuals may have actual or apparent
conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting each company. For example, there is potential for a conflict of interest when we or DISH Network look at acquisitions and other
corporate opportunities that may be suitable for both companies. In addition, many of our directors and officers own DISH Network stock and options to purchase DISH Network stock, certain of which
they acquired or were granted prior to the Spin-off, including Mr. Ergen. Furthermore, DISH Network will hold shares of preferred tracking stock of us and HSS that in the aggregate represents
an 80.0% economic interest in our residential retail satellite broadband business. These ownership interests could create actual, apparent or potential conflicts of interest when these individuals are
faced with decisions that could have different implications for our company and DISH Network. Furthermore, Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman is employed by both DISH Network and us.    
 • Intercompany agreements related to the
Spin-off.   We entered into agreements with DISH Network pursuant to which it provides us certain management, administrative, accounting,
tax, legal and other services, for which we pay DISH Network an amount equal to DISH Network's cost plus a fixed margin. In addition, we entered into a number of intercompany agreements covering
matters such as tax sharing and our responsibility for certain liabilities previously undertaken by DISH Network for certain of our businesses. We also entered into certain commercial agreements with
DISH Network. The terms of certain of these agreements were established while we were a wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH Network and were not the result of arm's length negotiations. The allocation of
assets, liabilities, rights, indemnifications and other obligations between DISH Network and us under the separation and ancillary agreements we entered into with DISH Network did not necessarily
reflect what two unaffiliated parties might have agreed to. Had these agreements been negotiated with unaffiliated third parties, their terms may have been more favorable, or less favorable, to us. In
addition, conflicts could arise in the interpretation or any extension or renegotiation of these existing agreements.     
 • Additional intercompany
transactions.   DISH Network or its affiliates have and will continue to enter into transactions with us or our subsidiaries or other
affiliates. Although the terms of any such transactions will be established based upon negotiations between DISH Network and us and, when appropriate, subject to the approval of committee of the
non-interlocking directors or in certain instances non-interlocking management, there can be no assurance that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable to us or our subsidiaries or
affiliates as may otherwise be obtained in negotiations between unaffiliated third parties.     
 • Competition for business
opportunities.   DISH Network retains its interests in various companies that have subsidiaries or controlled affiliates that own or
operate domestic or foreign services that may compete with services offered by our businesses. In addition, pursuant to a distribution agreement, DISH Network has the right, but not the obligation, to
market, sell and distribute our Hughes segment's broadband internet service under the dishNET brand which could  
 
 36 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 

 compete
with sales by our Hughes segment. DISH Network also has a distribution agreement with ViaSat, a competitor of our Hughes segment, to sell services similar to those offered by our Hughes
segment. We may also compete with DISH Network when we participate in auctions for spectrum or orbital slots for our satellites.  

 
 

 We
may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts of interest with DISH Network and, even if we do so, the resolution may be less favorable to us than if we were dealing with an unaffiliated
party.  

 Except
for the DISH Digital joint venture agreements that we entered into with DISH Network in 2012, which, subject to certain exceptions, limits DISH Network's and our ability to operate an IPTV
service other than that operated by DISH Digital, we do not have any agreements with DISH Network that would prevent us from competing with each other. However, many of our potential customers have
historically perceived us as a competitor due to our affiliation with DISH Network. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in entering into any commercial relationships with potential
customers who are competitors of DISH Network (particularly if we continue to be perceived as affiliated with DISH Network as a result of common ownership and certain shared management services).  


  It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our shareholders, because of our capital structure.   

 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company that a
shareholder may consider favorable. These provisions include the following: 

 
 
 • a capital structure with multiple classes of common stock: a Class A that entitles the holders to one vote per
share, a Class B that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a Class C that entitles the holders to one vote per share, except upon a change in control of our company in which case
the holders of Class C are entitled to ten votes per share and a non-voting Class D; and a class of preferred stock, the Hughes Retail Tracking Stock, that entitles the holders to
one-tenth of one vote per share;  
 • a provision that authorizes the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our Board of Directors
to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;  
 • a provision limiting who may call special meetings of shareholders; and    
 • a provision establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors
or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by shareholders at shareholder meetings.  
 

 In
addition, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation we have a significant amount of authorized and unissued stock that would allow our Board of Directors to issue shares to persons friendly to
current management, thereby protecting the continuity of management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us.  


  We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic and current reports we file with the SEC.   

   
       Item 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

 None.  

 37 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       Item 2.    PROPERTIES          

 Our principal executive offices are located at 100 Inverness Terrace East, Englewood, Colorado 80112-5308 and our telephone number is
(303) 706-4000. The following table sets forth certain information concerning our principal properties related to our EchoStar Technologies segment ("ET"), Hughes segment ("Hughes"), EchoStar
Satellite Services segment ("ESS") and to our other operations and administrative functions ("Other"). We operate various facilities in the U.S. and abroad. We believe that our facilities are well
maintained and are sufficient to meet our current and projected needs.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Location(3)(4)

 

  
   
 Segment(s)  
   
 Leased/ 
Owned  
   
 Function  
 
 
 Foster City, California 
   
 ET 
   
 Leased 
   
 Engineering and data center 
 
 
 Superior, Colorado 
   
 ET 
   
 Leased 
   
 Engineering offices 
 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
   
 ET 
   
 Leased 
   
 Engineering offices 
 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia(1) 
   
 ET 
   
 Leased 
   
 Micro digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Jackson, Mississippi(1) 
   
 ET 
   
 Leased 
   
 Micro digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 St. Louis, Missouri(1) 
   
 ET 
   
 Leased 
   
 Micro digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Bangalore, India 
   
 ET 
   
 Leased 
   
 Engineering office 
 
 
 Kharkov, Ukraine 
   
 ET 
   
 Leased 
   
 Engineering office 
 
 
 Steeton, England 
   
 ET 
   
 Owned 
   
 Engineering office 
 
 
 San Diego, California 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Engineering and sales offices 
 
 
 Gaithersburg, Maryland 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Manufacturing and testing facilities, engineering and administrative offices 
 
 
 Southfield, Michigan(1) 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Shared hub 
 
 
 Las Vegas, Nevada(1) 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Shared hub, antennae yards, gateway, backup network operation and control center for Hughes corporate headquarters 
 
 
 Barueri, Brazil(1) 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Shared hub 
 
 
 Sao Paulo, Brazil 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Hughes Brazil corporate headquarters, sales offices, and warehouse 
 
 
 Griesheim, Germany(1) 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Shared hub, operations, administrative offices and warehouse 
 
 
 Gurgaon, India(1)(2) 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Administrative offices, shared hub, operations, warehouse, and development center 
 
 
 New Delhi, India 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Hughes India corporate headquarters 
 
 
 Milton Keynes, United Kingdom 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Leased 
   
 Hughes Europe corporate headquarters and operations 
 
 
 Germantown, Maryland(1) 
   
 Hughes 
   
 Owned 
   
 Hughes corporate headquarters, engineering offices, network operations and shared hubs 
 
 
 Gilbert, Arizona(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Kankakee, Illinois(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Regional digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Monee, Illinois(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Regional digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Orange, New Jersey(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Regional digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 New Braunfels, Texas(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Regional digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Mustang Ridge, Texas(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Micro digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Mt. Jackson, Virginia(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Regional digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Winchester, Virginia(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Regional digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Spokane, Washington(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Regional digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Cheyenne, Wyoming(1) 
   
 ET/ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Digital broadcast operations center 
 
 
 Baker, Montana(1) 
   
 ESS 
   
 Leased 
   
 Spacecraft autotrack operations center 
 
 
 Black Hawk, South Dakota(1) 
   
 ESS 
   
 Owned 
   
 Spacecraft autotrack operations center 
 
 
 Englewood, Colorado 
   
 ET/ESS/Other 
   
 Owned 
   
 Corporate headquarters, engineering offices 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) We
perform network services and customer support functions 24 hours a day, 365 days a year at these locations.   (2) These
properties are used by subsidiaries that are less than wholly-owned by the Company.   (3) We
have multiple gateways throughout the Western part of the U.S. that support the SPACEWAY 3 and EchoStar XVII satellites.  (4) In
addition to the above properties, we lease rack and roof top space in 210 designated market areas throughout the U.S. as well as San Juan, Puerto Rico to
collect and broadcast local channels that are used by the ET segment.  
  
    
       Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          


 We are involved in a number of legal proceedings (including those described below) concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our
business activities. Many of these proceedings are at preliminary stages, and many of these proceedings seek an indeterminate amount of damages. We  

 38 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 regularly
evaluate the status of the legal proceedings in which we are involved to assess whether a loss is probable or there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may have
been incurred and to determine if accruals are appropriate. If accruals are not appropriate, we further evaluate each legal proceeding to assess whether an estimate of the possible loss or range of
possible loss can be made. We record an accrual for litigation and other loss contingencies when we determine that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal fees
and other costs of defending litigation are charged to expense as incurred.  

 For
certain cases described below, management is unable to provide a meaningful estimate of the possible loss or range of possible loss because, among other reasons, (i) the proceedings are in
various stages; (ii) damages have not been sought; (iii) damages are unsupported and/or exaggerated; (iv) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions;
(v) there are significant factual issues to be resolved; and/or (vi) there are novel legal issues or unsettled legal theories to be presented or a large number of parties (as with many
patent-related cases). For these cases, however, management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcomes of these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition, though the outcomes could be material to our operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period.  

  California Institute of Technology   

 On October 1, 2013, the California Institute of Technology ("Caltech") filed suit against two of our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Hughes Communications, Inc. and Hughes Network Systems, LLC, as well as against DISH Network, DISH Network L.L.C., and dishNET Satellite Broadband L.L.C., in the United
States District Court for the Central District of California alleging infringement of United States Patent Nos. 7,116,710, 7,421,032, 7,916,781, and 8,284,833, each of which is entitled "Serial
Concatenation of Interleaved Convolutional Codes forming Turbo-Like Codes." Caltech appears to assert that encoding data as specified by the DVB-S2 standard infringes, each of the asserted patents.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patents, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages, and/or an injunction that could require us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to our consumers. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the
suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  CRFD Research, Inc. (a subsidiary of Marathon Patent Group, Inc.)   

 On January 17, 2014, CRFD Research, Inc. ("CRFD") filed a complaint against EchoStar Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary,
EchoStar Technologies L.L.C., as well as against DISH Network, DISH DBS and DISH Network L.L.C., in United States District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging infringement of
United States Patent No. 7,191,233 (the "233 patent"). The 233 patent is entitled "System for Automated, Mid-Session, User-Directed, Device-to-Device Session Transfer System," and relates to
transferring an ongoing software session from one device to another. CRFD alleges that certain of our set-top boxes infringe the 233 patent. On the same day, CRFD filed patent infringement complaints
against AT&T Inc., Comcast Corp., DirecTV, Time Warner Cable Inc., Cox Communications, Inc., Level 3 Communications, Inc., Akamai Technologies, Inc.,
Cablevision Systems Corp. and Limelight Networks, Inc. CRFD is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patent, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages, and/or an injunction that could require us to materially modify certain features that we  

 39 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 currently
offer to consumers. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  E-Contact Technologies, LLC   

 On February 22, 2012, E-Contact Technologies, LLC ("E-Contact") filed suit against two of our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Hughes Communications, Inc. and Hughes Network Systems, LLC, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of United States Patent
No. 5,347,579, which is entitled "Personal Computer Diary." E-Contact appeared to assert that some portion of HughesNet email services infringed that patent. On April 17, 2013, the Court
ordered E-Contact to show cause as to why the case should not be dismissed in light of a number of E-Contact's patent claims being invalidated in an associated case,  E-Contact
Technologies, Inc. v. Apple, Inc. et al. , 1:11-cv-432 (E.D. Tex.). On April 22, 2013, the Court granted a stipulated motion that dismissed with prejudice
E-Contact's claims against us, and the matter is now concluded.  

  The Hopper Litigation   

 On May 24, 2012, DISH Network L.L.C., filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. ("ABC"), CBS Corporation ("CBS"), Fox Entertainment Group, Inc., Fox Television Holdings, Inc., Fox Cable Network Services, L.L.C.
(collectively, "Fox") and NBCUniversal Media, LLC ("NBC"). The lawsuit seeks a declaratory judgment that DISH Network L.L.C is not infringing any defendant's copyright, or breaching any
defendant's retransmission consent agreement, by virtue of the PrimeTime Anytime™ and AutoHop™ features in the Hopper™ set-top boxes we design and sell to DISH
Network. A consumer can use the PrimeTime Anytime feature at his or her option, to record certain primetime programs airing on ABC, CBS, Fox, and/or NBC up to every night, and to store those
recordings for up to eight days. A consumer can use the AutoHop feature at his or her option, to watch certain recordings the subscriber made with our PrimeTime Anytime feature, commercial-free, if
played back the next day after the show's original airing.  

 Later
on May 24, 2012, (i) Fox Broadcasting Company, Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp. and Fox Television Holdings, Inc. filed a lawsuit against DISH Network and DISH
Network L.L.C. (collectively, "DISH") in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, alleging that the PrimeTime Anytime feature, the AutoHop feature, as well as
DISH's use of Sling placeshifting
functionality infringe their copyrights and breach their retransmission consent agreements, (ii) NBC Studios LLC, Universal Network Television, LLC, Open 4 Business
Productions LLC and NBCUniversal Media, LLC filed a lawsuit against DISH in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, alleging that the PrimeTime Anytime
feature and the AutoHop feature infringe their copyrights, and (iii) CBS Broadcasting Inc., CBS Studios Inc. and Survivor Productions LLC filed a lawsuit against DISH in
the United States District Court for the Central District of California, alleging that the PrimeTime Anytime feature and the AutoHop feature infringe their copyrights.  

 As
a result of certain parties' competing counterclaims and venue-related motions brought in both the New York and California actions, and certain networks filing various amended complaints, the
claims are presently pending in the following venues: (1) the copyright and contract claims regarding the ABC parties are pending in New York; (2) the copyright and contract claims
regarding the CBS parties are pending in New York; (3) the copyright and contract claims regarding the Fox parties are pending in California; and (4) the copyright and contract claims
regarding the NBC parties are pending in California.  

 On
September 21, 2012, the United States District Court for the Central District of California heard the Fox plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Hopper set-top box's
PrimeTime  

 40 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Anytime
and AutoHop features and, on November 7, 2012, entered an order denying the motion. The Fox plaintiffs appealed and on July 24, 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit affirmed the denial of the Fox plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction as to the PrimeTime Anytime and AutoHop features. On August 7, 2013, the Fox plaintiffs filed a
petition for rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was denied on January 24, 2014. On March 27, 2013, at the request of the parties, the United States District Court for the Central
District of California granted a stay of all proceedings in the action brought by the NBC plaintiffs, pending resolution of the appeal by the Fox plaintiffs.  

 On
August 17, 2012, the NBC plaintiffs filed a first amended complaint in their California action adding us and our wholly-owned subsidiary EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. to the NBC
litigation, alleging various claims of copyright infringement. We and our subsidiary answered on September 18, 2012. On October 9, 2012, the ABC plaintiffs filed copyright counterclaims
in the New York action against EchoStar Technologies, L.L.C., with the CBS plaintiffs filing similar copyright counterclaims in the New York action against EchoStar Technologies L.L.C.
on October 12, 2012. Additionally, the CBS plaintiffs have filed a counterclaim alleging that DISH fraudulently concealed the AutoHop feature when negotiating renewal of its CBS retransmission
consent agreement. On November 23, 2012, the ABC plaintiffs filed a motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Hopper set-top box's PrimeTime Anytime and AutoHop features. On
September 18, 2013, the New York court denied that motion. The ABC plaintiffs appealed, and oral argument on the appeal began on February 20, 2014 before the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit. In addition, on February 21, 2013, the Fox plaintiffs filed a second
motion for preliminary injunction against: (i) DISH, seeking to enjoin the Hopper Transfers™ feature in the second-generation Hopper set-top box, alleging breach of a retransmission
consent agreement; and (ii) EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. and DISH, seeking to enjoin the Sling placeshifting functionality in the second-generation Hopper set-top box, alleging copyright
infringement by both defendants, and breach of the earlier-mentioned retransmission consent agreement by DISH. A hearing on that motion was held on April 19, 2013, the Fox plaintiffs' motion
was denied on September 23, 2013, and the Fox plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on October 22, 2013. The Fox claims are set for trial on January 13, 2015, and the ABC and CBS
claims are set to be trial-ready on April 17, 2015.  

 We
intend to vigorously prosecute and defend our position in these cases. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted copyrights, we may be subject to substantial
damages, and/or an injunction that could require us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to DISH Network. An adverse decision against DISH Network could decrease the number of
Sling enabled set-top boxes we sell to DISH Network, which could have an adverse impact on the business operations of our EchoStar Technologies segment. In addition, to the extent that DISH Network
experiences fewer gross new subscriber additions, sales of our digital set-top boxes and related components to DISH Network may further decline, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on
our financial position and results of operations. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of these suits or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  Lightsquared/Harbinger Capital Partners LLC (LightSquared Bankruptcy)   

 On August 6, 2013, Harbinger Capital Partners LLC and other affiliates of Harbinger (collectively, "Harbinger"), a shareholder of
LightSquared Inc., filed an adversary proceeding against EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network Corporation, L-Band Acquisition, LLC ("LBAC"), Charles W. Ergen (our Chairman), SP Special
Opportunities, LLC ("SPSO") (an entity controlled by Mr. Ergen), and certain other parties, in the LightSquared bankruptcy cases pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of New York (the "Bankruptcy Court"), which cases are jointly administered under the caption In re LightSquared Inc., et. al., Case No. 12 12080 (SCC). Harbinger
alleged, among other things, claims based on fraud, unfair competition, civil conspiracy and tortious interference with  

 41 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 prospective
economic advantage related to certain purchases of LightSquared secured debt by SPSO. Subsequently, LightSquared intervened to join in certain claims alleged against certain defendants
other than EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network Corporation and LBAC.  

 On
October 29, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court dismissed all of the claims against us in Harbinger's complaint in their entirety, but granted leave for LightSquared to file its own complaint in
intervention. On November 15, 2013, LightSquared filed its complaint, which included various claims against EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network Corporation, Mr. Ergen and SPSO. On
December 2, 2013, Harbinger filed an amended complaint, asserting various claims against SPSO. On December 12, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court dismissed several of the claims asserted by
LightSquared and Harbinger. The surviving claims include, among others, LightSquared's claims against SPSO for declaratory relief, breach of contract and statutory disallowance; LightSquared's
tortious interference claim against EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network Corporation and Mr. Ergen; and Harbinger's claim against SPSO for equitable disallowance. These claims proceeded to a
non-jury trial on January 9, 2014, which concluded on January 17, 2014. The parties are in the process of post-trial briefing and a hearing for closing arguments has been set for
March 12, 2014.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this proceeding and cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of this proceeding or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  Nazomi Communications, Inc.   

 On February 10, 2010, Nazomi Communications, Inc. ("Nazomi") filed suit against Sling Media, Inc. ("Sling"), our indirect wholly
owned subsidiary, as well as Nokia Corp, Nokia Inc., Microsoft Corp., Amazon.com Inc., Western Digital Corp., Western Digital Technologies, Inc., Garmin Ltd., Garmin Corp.,
Garmin International, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc., Vizio Inc. and iOmega Corp in the United States District Court for the Central District of California alleging infringement of United
States Patent No. 7,080,362 (the "362 patent") and United States Patent No. 7,225,436 (the "436 patent"). The 362 patent and the 436 patent relate to Java hardware acceleration. On
August 14, 2012, the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, to which the case had earlier been transferred, granted Sling's motion for summary judgment of
non-infringement. On January 10, 2014, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the District Court's grant of summary judgment.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe any of the asserted patents, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include
treble damages, and/or an injunction that could require us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to consumers. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the
suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  Network Acceleration Technologies, LLC   

 On November 30, 2012, Network Acceleration Technologies, LLC ("NAT") filed suit against Hughes Network Systems, LLC, our
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of United States Patent No. 6,091,710 (the "710 patent"), which is
entitled "System and Method for Preventing Data Slow Down Over Asymmetric Data Transmission Links." NAT re-filed its case on July 19, 2013. NAT is an entity that seeks to license an acquired
patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patent, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages, as well as an ongoing royalty obligation. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

 42 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Personalized Media Communications, Inc.   

 During 2008, Personalized Media Communications, Inc. ("PMC") filed suit against EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network and Motorola Inc. in
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of United States Patent Nos. 5,109,414, 4,965,825, 5,233,654, 5,335,277, and 5,887,243, which relate to
satellite signal processing. PMC is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein. Subsequently, Motorola Inc. settled
with PMC, leaving DISH Network and us as defendants. On July 18, 2012, pursuant to a Court order, PMC filed a Second Amended Complaint that added Rovi Guides, Inc. (f/k/a/ Gemstar-TV
Guide International, Inc.) and TVG-PMC, Inc. (collectively, "Gemstar") as a party, and added a new claim against all defendants seeking a declaratory judgment as to the scope of
Gemstar's license to the patents in suit, under which DISH Network and we are sub licensees. A new trial date has not yet been set.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe any of the asserted patents, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include
treble damages, and/or an injunction that could cause us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified by DISH Network for any potential
liability or
damages resulting from this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of the Spin-off. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of
any potential liability or damages.  

  Premier International Associates, LLC   

 On August 3, 2012, Premier International Associates, LLC ("Premier International Associates") filed suit against EchoStar Corporation,
our wholly-owned subsidiary EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. and DISH Network and its indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, DISH DBS and DISH Network L.L.C., in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois alleging infringement of United States Patent No. 6,243,725 (the "725 patent"), which is entitled "List Building System." The 725 patent relates to a
system for building an inventory of audio/visual works. Premier International Associates is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims
recited therein. On March 27, 2013, Premier International Associates dismissed the action against us and the DISH Network defendants with prejudice, pursuant to a settlement under which we and
the DISH Network defendants made an immaterial payment in exchange for a license to certain patents and patent applications.  


  Shareholder Derivative Litigation   

 On December 5, 2012, Greg Jacobi, derivatively on behalf of EchoStar Corporation, filed suit (the "Jacobi Litigation") against
Charles W. Ergen, Michael T. Dugan, R. Stanton Dodge, Tom A. Ortolf, C. Michael Schroeder, Joseph P. Clayton, David K. Moskowitz, and EchoStar
Corporation in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada. The complaint alleges that a March 2011 attempted grant of 1.5 million stock options to Charles Ergen breached
defendants' fiduciary duties, resulted in unjust enrichment, and constituted a waste of corporate assets.  

 On
December 18, 2012, Chester County Employees' Retirement Fund, derivatively on behalf of EchoStar Corporation, filed a suit (the "Chester County Litigation") against Charles W. Ergen,
Michael T. Dugan, R. Stanton Dodge, Tom A. Ortolf, C. Michael Schroeder, Anthony M. Federico, Pradman P. Kaul, Joseph P. Clayton, and EchoStar
Corporation in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. The complaint similarly alleges that the March 2011 attempted grant of 1.5 million stock options to Charles Ergen
breached defendants' fiduciary duties, resulted in unjust enrichment, and constituted a waste of corporate assets.  

 43 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 On
February 22, 2013, the Chester County Litigation was transferred to the District of Nevada, and on April 3, 2013, the Chester County Litigation was consolidated into the Jacobi
Litigation.  

 Of
the attempted grant of 1.5 million options to Mr. Ergen in 2011, only 800,000 were validly granted and remain outstanding. We intend to vigorously defend these cases. We cannot
predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of any potential liability.  

  Technology Development and Licensing, LLC   

 On January 22, 2009, Technology Development and Licensing, LLC ("TDL") filed suit against EchoStar Corporation and DISH
Network in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois alleging infringement of United States Patent No. Re. 35,952, which relates to certain favorite channel features. TDL
is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein. In July 2009, the Court granted our motion to stay the case pending two
reexamination petitions before the United States Patent and Trademark Office.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patent, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages, and/or an injunction that could cause us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified by DISH Network for any potential liability or
damages resulting from this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of the Spin-off. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of
any potential liability or damages.  

  TQP Development, LLC   

 On October 11, 2012, TQP Development, LLC ("TQP") filed suit against our indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, Sling Media, Inc.
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging infringement of United States Patent No. 5,412,730, which is entitled
"Encrypted Data Transmission System Employing Means for Randomly Altering the Encryption Keys." On November 14, 2012, TQP filed suit in the same venue against Hughes Network
Systems, LLC, our indirectly wholly owned subsidiary, alleging infringement of the same patent. TQP is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any
of the claims recited therein. On July 8, 2013, the Court granted a joint motion to dismiss the claims against Sling without prejudice.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patent, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  Other   

 In addition to the above actions, we are subject to various other legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. In
our opinion, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to any of these actions is unlikely to materially affect our financial position, results of operations or liquidity, though the outcomes
could be material to our operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period.   

   
       Item 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          


 Not applicable.  

 44 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART II          


   
       Item 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          

  Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters   

  Market Information.     Our Class A common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market ("Nasdaq") under the symbol "SATS." The high and low closing sale
prices of our Class A common stock during 2013 and 2012 on Nasdaq (as reported by Nasdaq) are set forth below.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 2013

 

  
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
 $ 
 39.99 
   
 $ 
 32.55 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
 $ 
 40.98 
   
 $ 
 36.92 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
 $ 
 45.50 
   
 $ 
 37.22 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
 $ 
 51.60 
   
 $ 
 44.17 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 2012

 

  
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
 $ 
 32.18 
   
 $ 
 20.94 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
 $ 
 29.52 
   
 $ 
 25.30 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
 $ 
 30.35 
   
 $ 
 25.65 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
 $ 
 34.86 
   
 $ 
 28.40 
   
 
 
 
  
   Holders.     As of February 13, 2014, there were approximately 10,311 holders of record of our Class A common stock, not including stockholders who
beneficially own Class A common stock held in nominee or street name. As of February 13, 2014, 41,948,568 of the 47,687,039 outstanding shares of our Class B common stock were
held by Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and the remaining 5,738,471 were held in a trust for members of Mr. Ergen's family. There is currently no established trading market for our
Class B common stock.  

  Dividends.     We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock in the past two years. We currently do not intend to declare dividends on our common stock.
Payment of any future dividends will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and other factors the Board of Directors considers appropriate. We currently intend to retain our earnings, if any,
to support future growth and expansion although we expect to repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time. See further discussion under Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  


  Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.     See Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   

 Pursuant to a stock repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, we are authorized to repurchase up to $500.0 million of our
outstanding shares of Class A common stock through and including December 31, 2014. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we did not repurchase any common stock
under this plan.   

   
       Item 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements for 2013 have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States ("GAAP") included in our Consolidated  

 45 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Financial
Statements in Item 15 of this report. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  

 On
June 8, 2011, we completed the acquisition of Hughes Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("the Hughes Acquisition"). As a result, Hughes became a new segment and our historical
financial statements on and after June 9, 2011 give effect to the Hughes Acquisition. Therefore, our financial position as of December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011 is not comparable to our
financial position as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, and our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are not comparable to our results of operations for the
years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. See Note 15 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report for further discussion of the Hughes
Acquisition.  

 The
following tables present selected information relating to our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the past five years. The selected financial data should be read in
conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto, and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this
report.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
 Statements of Operations Data:

 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 2009  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 $ 
 3,282,452 
   
 $ 
 3,121,704 
   
 $ 
 2,761,431 
   
 $ 
 2,350,369 
   
 $ 
 1,903,559 
   
 
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 3,178,865 
   
   
 3,021,818 
   
   
 2,680,593 
   
   
 2,208,044 
   
   
 1,898,667 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Operating income 
   
 $ 
 103,587 
   
 $ 
 99,886 
   
 $ 
 80,838 
   
 $ 
 142,325 
   
 $ 
 4,892 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 $ 
 204,358 
   
 $ 
 364,704 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic and diluted net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 $ 
 204,358 
   
 $ 
 364,704 
   
 
 
   Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 
   
   
 89,405 
   
   
 87,150 
   
   
 86,223 
   
   
 85,084 
   
   
 85,765 
   
 
 
   Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 
   
   
 90,952 
   
   
 87,959 
   
   
 87,089 
   
   
 85,203 
   
   
 86,059 
   
 
 
   Basic net income per share attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 0.03 
   
 $ 
 2.42 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 $ 
 2.40 
   
 $ 
 4.25 
   
 
 
   Diluted net income per share attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 0.03 
   
 $ 
 2.40 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 $ 
 2.40 
   
 $ 
 4.24 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
 Balance Sheet Data:

 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 2009  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities 
   
 $ 
 1,620,652 
   
 $ 
 1,547,565 
   
 $ 
 1,696,442 
   
 $ 
 1,130,900 
   
 $ 
 829,162 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 6,701,963 
   
 $ 
 6,600,233 
   
 $ 
 6,543,737 
   
 $ 
 3,842,020 
   
 $ 
 3,468,068 
   
 
 
   Total debt and capital lease obligations 
   
 $ 
 2,422,388 
   
 $ 
 2,488,499 
   
 $ 
 2,528,654 
   
 $ 
 406,570 
   
 $ 
 439,399 
   
 
 
   Total stockholders' equity 
   
 $ 
 3,226,231 
   
 $ 
 3,150,227 
   
 $ 
 3,051,626 
   
 $ 
 3,013,190 
   
 $ 
 2,664,850 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
 Cash Flow Data:

 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 2009  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Net cash flows from: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Operating activities 
   
 $ 
 450,507 
   
 $ 
 505,149 
   
 $ 
 447,018 
   
 $ 
 404,015 
   
 $ 
 196,276 
   
 
 
   Investing activities 
   
 $ 
 (570,289 
 ) 
 $ 
 (346,781 
 ) 
 $ 
 (1,888,045 
 ) 
 $ 
 (238,558 
 ) 
 $ 
 (114,278 
 ) 
 
 
   Financing activities 
   
 $ 
 18,326 
   
 $ 
 (43,976 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,913,547 
   
 $ 
 (46,973 
 ) 
 $ 
 (83,135 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
  46 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
     Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          

 You should read the following management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations together with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. This management's discussion and analysis is
intended to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, changes in our financial condition and our results of operations, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry,
business and future financial results. Our actual results may differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed
under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date of this report and we
undertake no obligation to update them. 

  EXECUTIVE SUMMARY   

 EchoStar Corporation (together with its subsidiaries is referred to as "EchoStar," the "Company," "we," "us" and/or "our") is a global provider of
satellite operations, video delivery solutions, and broadband satellite technologies and services for home and office, delivering innovative network technologies, managed services, and solutions for
enterprises and governments. We currently operate in three business segments: the EchoStar Technologies segment, the Hughes segment, and the EchoStar Satellite Services segment.  

  EchoStar Technologies Segment   

 Our EchoStar Technologies segment designs, develops and distributes digital set-top boxes and related products and technology, primarily for
satellite TV service providers, telecommunication companies and international cable companies. A substantial majority of our digital set-top boxes are sold to DISH Network Corporation and its
subsidiaries ("DISH Network"), but we also sell digital set-top boxes to Bell TV in Canada, Dish Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ("Dish Mexico") in Mexico and other international customers. Our EchoStar
Technologies segment also provides digital broadcast operations, including satellite uplinking/downlinking, transmission services, signal processing, conditional access management, and other services,
primarily to DISH Network. In addition, we provide our Slingboxes directly to consumers via retail outlets and online. Sling Media "placeshifting" technology can be used by a consumer, at his or her
option, to watch and control their home digital video and audio content via a broadband internet connection.  

 We
depend on DISH Network for a substantial portion of our EchoStar Technologies segment revenue and we expect that DISH Network will continue to be the primary source of revenue for our EchoStar
Technologies segment. Therefore, the results of operations of our EchoStar Technologies segment are, and will be closely linked to the performance of DISH Network's pay-TV service. In January 2012, we
entered into a receiver agreement with DISH Network (the "2012 Receiver Agreement"), expiring on December 31, 2014, pursuant to which DISH Network has the right, but not the obligation, to
purchase
digital set-top boxes, related accessories and other equipment from us either: (i) at cost (decreasing as we reduce cost and increasing as our costs increase) plus a dollar mark-up which will
depend upon the cost of the product subject to a collar on our mark-up; or (ii) at cost plus a fixed margin, which will depend on the nature of the equipment purchased. Under the 2012 Receiver
Agreement, our margins will be increased if we are able to reduce the costs of our digital set-top boxes and our margins will be reduced if these costs increase. Based on our experience, we expect our
cost of manufacturing a specific set-top box model to decline over time as our contract manufacturers generate efficiencies with scale of production and engineering cost reductions. In addition, our
equipment revenue from DISH  

 47 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


 Network
depends on the timing of orders for set-top boxes and accessories from DISH Network based on its actual and projected subscriber growth plans.  

 While
we also expect to sell equipment to other customers, the number of potential new customers for our EchoStar Technologies segment is small and may be limited as prospective customers that have
been competitors of DISH Network may continue to view us as a competitor due to our common ownership with DISH Network. We believe that our best opportunities for developing potential new customers
for our EchoStar Technologies segment over the near term lie in international markets, including joint ventures. Thus, our efforts in expanding our digital set-top box business are focused on
international markets and we are not actively seeking set-top box opportunities with United States ("U.S.") cable operators. Over the years, we have noticed an increase in new market entrants that
offer low cost set-top boxes, including set-top boxes that are modeled after our products or products of our principal competitors. The entry of these new competitors may result in pricing pressure in
international markets that we hope to enter. If market prices in international markets are substantially reduced by such new entrants, it may be difficult for us to make profitable sales in
international markets. As a result, our ability to generate revenue and income growth in future periods depends greatly on our success in entering the international markets.  

 We
continue to focus on building and strengthening our brand recognition by providing unique and technologically advanced features and products, including internet delivery of video content,
whole-home high definition digital video recorder ("HD DVR") receivers and MPEG-4 digital compression technology, to our customers. Products containing new technologies and features typically have
higher initial selling prices and volumes. These volumes decline over time as DISH Network's demand is reduced due to its use of refurbished equipment. Our success depends heavily on our ability to
bring advanced technologies to market to keep pace with our competitors. The revenue and associated margins we earn on sales are determined largely through periodic negotiations that could result in
prices reflecting, among other things, the digital set-top boxes and other equipment that best meet our customers' current sales and marketing priorities, the product and service alternatives
available from other equipment suppliers, and our ability to respond to customer requirements and to differentiate ourselves from other equipment suppliers on bases other than pricing. Our ability to
sustain or increase profitability will also depend in large part on our ability to control or reduce our costs of producing digital set-top boxes. The market for our digital set-top boxes, like other
electronic products, has been characterized by regular reductions in selling prices and production costs. Therefore,
we will likely be required to reduce production costs to maintain the margins we earn on digital set-top boxes and the profitability of our EchoStar Technologies segment. However, our ability to
reduce production costs may be limited by, among other things, economic conditions and a shortage of available parts and may lead to inflated pricing. If we do not compete effectively, demand for our
products could decline, our gross margins could decrease, we could lose market share, our revenue and earnings may decline and our growth prospects could be diminished.  


  Hughes Segment   

 Our Hughes segment is a global provider of broadband satellite technologies and services for home and office, delivering innovative network
technologies, managed services, and solutions for enterprises and governments. The Hughes segment uses its two owned satellites, SPACEWAY 3 and EchoStar XVII, and additional satellite
capacity acquired from multiple third-party providers to provide satellite broadband internet access to North American consumers, which we refer to as the consumer market, and broadband network
services and equipment to domestic and international enterprise markets. Our Hughes segment also provides managed services to large enterprises and solutions to customers for mobile satellite systems.
We incorporate advances in technology to reduce costs and to increase the  

 48 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 functionality
and reliability of our products and services. Through the usage of advanced spectrally efficient modulation and coding methodologies, proprietary software web acceleration and
compression techniques, we continue to improve the efficiency of our networks. We invest in technologies to enhance our system and network management capabilities, specifically our managed services
for enterprises. We also continue to invest in next generation technologies that can be applied to our future products and services.  

 Beginning
in October 2012, we introduced HughesNet Gen4 broadband internet services to our customers in North America on EchoStar XVII, which was launched in July 2012. Subsequently, in the
fourth quarter of 2012, we enhanced our SPACEWAY 3 satellite platform to provide Gen4 services in regions of the U.S. that EchoStar XVII does not provide service. In October 2012, we
entered into a distribution agreement (the "Distribution Agreement") with dishNET Satellite Broadband L.L.C ("dishNET"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH Network, pursuant to which dishNET has the
right, but not the obligation, to market, sell and distribute the Hughes satellite internet service (the "Hughes service"). See Note 19 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Item 15 of this report for further discussion of our related party transactions with DISH Network.  

 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our Hughes segment had approximately 860,000 and 636,000 broadband subscribers, respectively of which, 635,000 and 588,000 were residential retail subscribers,
respectively. These broadband subscribers include customers that subscribe to HughesNet broadband services, through retail, wholesale and small/medium enterprise service channels.  

 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our Hughes segment had approximately $1.15 billion and $1.06 billion, respectively, of contracted revenue backlog. We define Hughes revenue
backlog as our expected future revenue under customer contracts that are non-cancelable, excluding agreements with customers in our consumer market. Of the total contracted revenue backlog as of
December 31, 2013, we expect to recognize approximately $383.1 million of revenue in 2014.  

 We
continue our efforts in growing our consumer revenue, which depends on our success in adding new subscribers on our Hughes segment's satellite networks. Accordingly, we may need to adjust our
service offerings in response to the offerings of our competitors, including ViaSat Communications, Inc. In addition, we focus on expanding our enterprise business, both domestically and
internationally. However, the growth of the enterprise business relies heavily on global economic conditions.  


  EchoStar Satellite Services Segment   

 Our EchoStar Satellite Services segment operates its business using ten of its owned and leased in-orbit satellites, including EchoStar XVI
launched in November 2012. We lease capacity on a full-time and occasional-use basis primarily to DISH Network, and secondarily to Dish Mexico, U.S. government service providers, state agencies,
internet service providers, broadcast news organizations, programmers and private enterprise customers. We continue to pursue expanding our business offerings by providing value added services such as
telemetry, tracking and control services to third parties. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively compete against our competitors due to their significant resources and
operating history.  

 We
depend on DISH Network for a significant portion of the revenue for our EchoStar Satellite Services segment and we expect that DISH Network will continue to be the primary source of revenue for our
EchoStar Satellite Services segment. Therefore, the results of operations of our EchoStar Satellite Services segment are and will be closely linked to the performance of DISH Network's pay-TV service
as well as changes in DISH Network's satellite capacity requirements. In January 2013, we began to lease EchoStar XVI to DISH Network for the delivery of direct-to-home ("DTH") broadcast
services to DISH Network customers in the U.S. Any termination or reduction in the services we  

 49 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 provide
to DISH Network would increase excess capacity on our satellites and require that we aggressively pursue alternative sources of revenue for this segment. As of December 31, 2013 and
2012, our EchoStar Satellite Services segment had contracted revenue backlog attributable to satellites currently in orbit of approximately $1.14 billion and $1.44 billion, respectively.
Of the total contracted revenue backlog as of December 31, 2013, we expect to recognize approximately $242.5 million of revenue in 2014.  

 While
we also expect to provide services to other customers, the number of potential new customers for our EchoStar Satellite Services segment is small and may be limited as prospective customers that
have been competitors of DISH Network may continue to view us as a competitor due to our common ownership with DISH Network.  

 Our
ability to expand revenue in the EchoStar Satellite Services segment will likely require that we displace incumbent suppliers that generally have well established business models and often benefit
from long-term contracts with their customers. As a result, to grow our EchoStar Satellite Services segment we may need to develop or otherwise acquire access to new satellite-delivered services so
that we may offer differentiated services to prospective customers. However, there can be no assurance that we would be able to develop or otherwise acquire access to such differentiated services or
develop the sales and marketing expertise necessary to sell such services profitably.  

 In
addition, as our satellite fleet ages, we will be required to evaluate replacement alternatives such as acquiring, leasing or constructing additional satellites, with or without customer
commitments for capacity, which may require us to seek additional financing. However, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available to fund any such replacement alternatives on terms
that would be attractive to us or at all.  

  New Business Opportunities   

 We are exploring opportunities to selectively pursue partnerships, joint ventures and strategic acquisition opportunities, domestically and
internationally. We believe that investments in these types of opportunities may allow us to increase our existing market share, expand into new markets, broaden our portfolio of products and
intellectual property, and strengthen our relationships with our customers. With our extensive experience in designing, developing, and distributing digital set-top boxes and broadband related
products, we can leverage the broader adoption of advanced technologies to create opportunities for us. We believe that DTH and satellite broadband services are particularly well-suited for countries
without extensive telecommunications and cable
infrastructure, and we intend to continue to seek new investments and customer relationships with international DTH service and satellite broadband service providers.  

 In
2012, we acquired the right to use various frequencies at the 45 degree west longitude orbital location ("Brazilian Authorization") from ANATEL, the Brazilian communications regulatory agency. The
Brazilian Authorization is intended for use in providing pay-TV services in Brazil. In September 2013, we announced that we were in discussions with GVT, a subsidiary of Vivendi S.A., to
form a joint venture to provide pay-TV services in Brazil with the objective to offer a national service using IPTV and satellite distribution. In December 2013, we ceased our discussions with
GVT, but we remain committed to delivering a unique pay-TV service to Brazil via a high-powered Broadcast Satellite Service ("BSS") satellite.  

 In
December 2013, we acquired 100.0% of Solaris Mobile, which is based in Dublin, Ireland and licensed by the European Union ("EU") and individual EU Member States to provide mobile satellite services
and complementary ground component services covering the entire EU using S-band spectrum. We believe we are well-positioned to commercialize this license due to our access to the TerreStar-2  

 50 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 S-band
satellite as well as the mobile satellite systems technology expertise of our Hughes segment. In December 2013, we amended the T2 Development Agreement with DISH Network to provide for the
ability to purchase the TerreStar-2 satellite, which is designed to provide mobile services using S-band frequencies. Through the acquisition of Solaris Mobile and the S-band spectrum and our
expertise in developing mobile satellite infrastructures, we expect to accelerate advanced mobile services throughout the EU.  

  EXPLANATION OF KEY METRICS AND OTHER ITEMS   

  Equipment revenue—DISH Network.     "Equipment revenue—DISH Network" primarily includes sales of digital set-top boxes and related components,
including Slingboxes and related hardware products, and sales of satellite broadband equipment and related equipment, primarily related to the Hughes service, to DISH Network.  


  Equipment revenue—other.     "Equipment revenue—other" primarily includes sales of digital set-top boxes and related components to Bell TV,
Dish Mexico and other domestic and international customers, including sales of Slingboxes and related hardware products, and sales of broadband equipment and networks to customers in our enterprise
and consumer markets.  

  Services and other revenue—DISH Network.     "Services and other revenue—DISH Network" primarily includes revenue associated with satellite and
transponder leasing, satellite uplinking/downlinking, signal processing, conditional access management, telemetry, tracking and control, development of web-based applications for set-top boxes,
professional services, facilities rental revenue and other services provided to DISH Network. Beginning in October 2012, "Services and other revenue—DISH Network" also includes subscriber
wholesale service fees for the Hughes service sold to dishNET.  

  Services and other revenue—other.     "Services and other revenue—other" primarily includes the sales of enterprise and consumer broadband
services, as well as maintenance and other contracted services. "Services and other revenue—other" also includes revenue associated with satellite and transponder leasing, satellite
uplinking/downlinking and other services provided to customers other than DISH Network.  

  Cost of sales—equipment.     "Cost of sales—equipment" principally includes costs associated with digital set-top boxes and related components
sold to DISH Network, Bell TV, Dish Mexico and other domestic and international customers, including costs associated with Slingboxes and related hardware products. "Cost of
sales—equipment" also includes the cost of broadband equipment and networks sold to customers in our enterprise and consumer markets, and to DISH Network.  

  Cost of sales—services and other.     "Cost of sales—services and other" primarily includes the cost of broadband services provided to our
enterprise and consumer customers, and to DISH Network, as well as the cost of providing maintenance and other contracted services. "Cost of sales—services and other" also includes the
costs associated with satellite and transponder leasing, satellite uplinking/downlinking, signal processing, conditional access management, telemetry, tracking and control, product support and
development of applications for set-top boxes, professional services, facilities rental costs, and other services provided to our customers, including DISH Network.  

  Research and development expenses.     "Research and development expenses" primarily includes costs associated with the design and development of products to support
future growth and provide new technology and innovation to our customers.  

  Selling, general and administrative expenses.     "Selling, general and administrative expenses" primarily includes selling and marketing costs and employee-related
costs associated with administrative services  

 51 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 (e.g., information
systems, human resources and other services), including stock-based compensation expense. It also includes professional fees (e.g. legal, information systems and
accounting services) and other items associated with facilities and administrative services provided by DISH Network and other third parties.  

  Impairment of long-lived assets.     "Impairment of long-lived assets" includes our impairment losses related to our property and equipment, goodwill and intangible
assets.  

  Interest income.     "Interest income" primarily includes interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable investment securities, including accretion on
debt securities.  

  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized.     "Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized" primarily includes interest expense associated with our long-term debt
and capital lease obligations (net of capitalized interest), and amortization of debt issuance costs.  


  Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net.     "Realized gains on marketable
investment securities and other investments, net" primarily includes gains, net of any losses, on the sale or exchange of investments.  

  Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net.     "Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net" includes realized and unrealized gains and losses
from changes in fair value of certain strategic investments accounted for at fair value.  


  Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net.     "Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net" includes earnings or losses from our
investments accounted for under the equity method.  

  Other, net.     "Other, net" primarily includes foreign exchange gains and losses, dividends received from our marketable investment securities and other non-operating
income or expense items that are not appropriately classified elsewhere in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).  

  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA").     EBITDA is defined as "Net income attributable to EchoStar" excluding "Interest expense,
net of amounts capitalized," "Interest income," "Income tax benefit (provision), net" and "Depreciation and amortization." EBITDA is not a measure determined in accordance with GAAP. This non-GAAP
measure is reconciled to "Net income attributable to EchoStar" in our discussion of "Results of Operations" below. EBITDA should not be considered a substitute for operating income, net income or any
other measure determined in accordance with GAAP. Conceptually, EBITDA measures the amount of income generated each period that could be used to service debt, pay taxes and fund capital expenditures.
EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA is used by our management as a measure of operating efficiency and
overall financial performance for benchmarking against our peers and competitors. Management believes EBITDA provides meaningful supplemental information regarding liquidity and the underlying
operating performance of our business. Management also believes that EBITDA is useful to investors because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties to
evaluate companies in our industry.  

  Subscribers.     Subscribers include customers that subscribe to our Hughes segment's HughesNet broadband services, through retail, wholesale and small/medium
enterprise service channels.  

 52 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   


  Basis of Presentation   

 The following discussion and analysis of our consolidated results of operations is presented on a historical basis.  

  Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2012   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
 Statements of Operations Data

 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equipment revenue—DISH Network 
   
 $ 
 1,311,446 
   
 $ 
 1,028,588 
   
 $ 
 282,858 
   
   
 27.5 
   
 
 
   Equipment revenue—other 
   
   
 347,910 
   
   
 621,495 
   
   
 (273,585 
 ) 
   
 (44.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Services and other revenue—DISH Network 
   
   
 620,189 
   
   
 515,176 
   
   
 105,013 
   
   
 20.4 
   
 
 
   Services and other revenue—other 
   
   
 1,002,907 
   
   
 956,445 
   
   
 46,462 
   
   
 4.9 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 3,282,452 
   
   
 3,121,704 
   
   
 160,748 
   
   
 5.1 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Costs and Expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost of sales—equipment 
   
   
 1,430,777 
   
   
 1,397,512 
   
   
 33,265 
   
   
 2.4 
   
 
 
   % of Total equipment revenue 
   
   
  86.2 
 % 
   
 84.7 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost of sales—services and other 
   
   
 776,121 
   
   
 691,922 
   
   
 84,199 
   
   
 12.2 
   
 
 
   % of Total services and other revenue 
   
   
  47.8 
 % 
   
 47.0 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   expenses (including DISH Network) 
   
   
 358,499 
   
   
 372,644 
   
   
 (14,145 
 ) 
   
 (3.8 
 ) 
 
 
   % of Total revenue 
   
   
  10.9 
 % 
   
 11.9 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Research and development expenses 
   
   
 67,942 
   
   
 69,649 
   
   
 (1,707 
 ) 
   
 (2.5 
 ) 
 
 
   % of Total revenue 
   
   
  2.1 
 % 
   
 2.2 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 507,111 
   
   
 457,326 
   
   
 49,785 
   
   
 10.9 
   
 
 
   Impairment of long-lived assets 
   
   
 38,415 
   
   
 32,765 
   
   
 5,650 
   
   
 17.2 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 3,178,865 
   
   
 3,021,818 
   
   
 157,047 
   
   
 5.2 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 103,587 
   
   
 99,886 
   
   
 3,701 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Other Income (Expense): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 14,656 
   
   
 11,176 
   
   
 3,480 
   
   
 31.1 
   
 
 
   Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized 
   
   
 (192,554 
 ) 
   
 (153,029 
 ) 
   
 (39,525 
 ) 
   
 25.8 
   
 
 
   Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net 
   
   
 38,341 
   
   
 177,558 
   
   
 (139,217 
 ) 
   
 (78.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates, net 
   
   
 (5,024 
 ) 
   
 (438 
 ) 
   
 (4,586 
 ) 
   
 * 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 6,958 
   
   
 59,531 
   
   
 (52,573 
 ) 
   
 (88.3 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other income (expense), net 
   
   
 (137,623 
 ) 
   
 94,798 
   
   
 (232,421 
 ) 
   
 * 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
   
   
 (34,036 
 ) 
   
 194,684 
   
   
 (228,720 
 ) 
   
 * 
   
 
 
   Income tax benefit, net 
   
   
 37,437 
   
   
 16,329 
   
   
 21,108 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 3,401 
   
   
 211,013 
   
   
 (207,612 
 ) 
   
 (98.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 876 
   
   
 (35 
 ) 
   
 911 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 (208,523 
 ) 
   
 (98.8 
 ) 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 650,097 
   
 $ 
 793,898 
   
 $ 
 (143,801 
 ) 
   
 (18.1 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Subscribers, end of period 
   
   
 860,000 
   
   
 636,000 
   
   
 224,000 
   
   
 35.2 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Percentage
is not meaningful.  
  
  53 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued   

  Equipment revenue—DISH Network.     "Equipment revenue—DISH Network" totaled $1.31 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013,
an increase of $282.9 million or 27.5%, compared to the same period in 2012.  

 

 Equipment
revenue—DISH Network from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $237.5 million, or 23.6%, to $1.24 billion
compared to the same period in 2012. The increase in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 was primarily due to an increase of 44.7% in unit sales of set-top boxes, offset partially by a
9.2% decrease in the weighted average price of set-top boxes. Additionally, unit sales of related accessories and the weighted average price of related accessories increased 5.8% and 4.5%,
respectively. Our EchoStar Technologies segment offers multiple set-top boxes with different price points depending on their capabilities and functionalities. The revenue and associated margins we
earn on sales are determined largely through periodic negotiations that could result in prices reflecting, among other things, the set-top boxes and other equipment that meet our customers' current
sales and marketing priorities, the product and service alternatives available from other equipment suppliers, our ability to respond to customer requirements, and to differentiate ourselves from
other equipment suppliers on bases other than pricing. In addition, products containing new technologies and features typically have higher initial prices, which decline over time as a result of
manufacturing efficiencies.  

 Equipment
revenue—DISH Network from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $45.4 million to $69.1 million compared to the same period in
2012. The increase was primarily due to the commencement of broadband equipment sales to DISH Network pursuant to the Distribution Agreement we entered into with dishNET in October 2012 such that a
full year of revenue has been included in the 2013 period.  

 

  Equipment revenue—other.     "Equipment revenue—other" totaled $347.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, a decrease of
$273.6 million or 44.0%, compared to the same period in 2012.  

 

 Equipment
revenue—other from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 decreased by $212.8 million, or 58.2%, to $153.1 million compared
to the same period in 2012. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 54.7% decrease in unit sales and a 20.6% decrease in the weighted average price of set-top boxes sold to Bell TV and our other
international customers. Additionally, unit sales and the weighted average price of related accessories sold to Bell TV and our other international customers decreased 16.1% and 38.8%, respectively,
for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. The sales to Bell TV and other international customers may remain at the current levels in the near term, due to
customer utilization of refurbished set-top boxes and lower overall demand in the respective markets that we sell these products.  

 Equipment
revenue—other from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 decreased by $61.5 million, or 24.0%, to $194.7 million compared to the same
period in 2012. The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in sales of mobile satellite systems equipment of $30.4 million and international broadband equipment of $29.5 million.  

 

  Services and other revenue—DISH Network.     "Services and other revenue—DISH Network" totaled $620.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013, an increase of $105.0 million or 20.4%, compared to the same period in 2012.  

 

 Services
and other revenue—DISH Network from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $31.5 million, or 11.6%, to
$303.7 million compared to the  

 
 54 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 

 same
period in 2012. The increase was primarily due to an increase of $15.3 million in revenue earned from the sales of satellite uplink/downlink services and $16.9 million related to
product support and development of applications for set-top boxes.  

 Services
and other revenue—DISH Network from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $34.5 million to $44.8 million compared to the same
period in 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to revenue earned pursuant to the Distribution Agreement we entered into with dishNET in October 2012.  

 Services
and other revenue—DISH Network from our EchoStar Satellite Services segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $45.9 million, or 22.8%, to
$247.2 million compared to the same period in 2012. The increase was mainly due to a $99.2 million increase in revenue related to the lease of capacity on the EchoStar XVI
satellite which began in January 2013 and services provided on the lease of transponders of the Quetzsat-1 satellite to DISH Network beginning in February 2013. This increase was partially offset by a
$43.7 million decrease relating to the expiration of our satellite capacity lease agreement for the EchoStar VI satellite, a $5.1 million decrease relating to the renewal of our
satellite capacity agreement for the EchoStar VIII satellite, and a $5.3 million decrease in revenue related to DISH Network's use of our right to the 61.5 degree west longitude orbital
location.  

 

  Services and other revenue—other.     "Services and other revenue—other" totaled $1.00 billion for the year ended December 31,
2013, an increase of $46.5 million or 4.9%, compared to the same period in 2012.  

 

 Services
and other revenue—other from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $41.1 million, or 4.7%, to $909.6 million compared to the
same period in 2012. The increase was primarily due to an increase in sales of broadband services in our enterprise and consumer markets.  

 Services
and other revenue—other from our EchoStar Satellite Services segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $6.4 million, or 8.3%, to $82.9 million
compared to the same period in 2012. The increase was mainly due to an increase of $6.4 million in sales of transponder services.  

 

  Cost of sales—equipment.     "Cost of sales—equipment" totaled $1.43 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of
$33.3 million, or 2.4%, compared to the same period in 2012.  

 

 Cost
of sales—equipment from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $28.8 million, or 2.5%, to $1.19 billion compared to
the same period in 2012. The increase was attributable to an increase in equipment costs of $199.3 million, related directly to the increase in sales of set-top boxes and related accessories to
DISH Network. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in cost of sales of $168.9 million, primarily related to a decrease in sales of set-top boxes and related accessories to our
international customers.  

 Cost
of sales—equipment from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $4.4 million, or 1.9%, to $237.1 million compared to the same period
in 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the cost of broadband equipment sold to our wholesale customers of $35.7 million. The increase was primarily offset by a
decrease in cost of sales of $17.2 million, due to the decrease in cost of sales of mobile satellite systems equipment and a decrease of $14.3 million in cost of sales related to
international broadband equipment.  

 
 55 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


  Cost of sales—services and other.     "Cost of sales—services and other" totaled $776.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2013, an increase of $84.2 million, or 12.2%, compared to the same period in 2012.  

 

 Cost
of sales—services and other from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $31.0 million, or 16.4%, to $219.7 million
compared to the same period in 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to a $22.8 million increase in engineering services costs provided in 2013 compared to 2012 and a
$4.2 million increase in uplink/downlink costs.  

 Cost
of sales—services and other from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $28.4 million, or 6.7%, to $450.3 million compared to the
same period in 2012. The increase includes a $23.9 million increase in cost of sales related to an increase in sales of broadband services in our consumer and enterprise markets and a
$4.4 million increase in cost of sales primarily related to the Distribution Agreement we entered into with dishNET in October 2012.  

 Cost
of sales—services and other from our EchoStar Satellite Services segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 decreased by $4.0 million, or 6.5%, to $56.9 million
compared to the same period in 2012. The decrease was primarily attributable to an $8.4 million decrease in lease expense due to the termination of our satellite lease agreement with DISH
Network for EchoStar I in July 2012, partially offset by a $4.4 million increase in cost of sales related to the increase in transponder revenue in 2013.  

 Cost
of sales—services and other related to our other operations and business development activities for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased $28.8 million compared to
the same period in 2012. The increase was primarily due to the commencement of our operating lease of the EchoStar XV satellite capacity from DISH Network in May 2013.  

 

  Selling, general and administrative expenses.     "Selling, general and administrative expenses" totaled $358.5 million for the year ended December 31,
2013, a decrease of $14.1 million or 3.8%, compared to the same period in 2012. The decrease was mainly due to a $21.6 million decrease in general and administrative expenses as a result
of an increase in services billed to DISH Network, a $11.5 million decrease in other general and administrative expenses, a $3.9 million decrease in professional services,
and a $3.8 million decrease in professional services provided to us by DISH Network pursuant to our related party agreements. These decreases in general and administrative expenses were
partially offset by higher marketing and advertising expenses of $21.8 million incurred primarily by our Hughes segment and an increase of $4.8 million in personnel and other
employee-related expenses.  

  Depreciation and amortization.     "Depreciation and amortization" expense totaled $507.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of
$49.8 million or 10.9%, compared to the same period in 2012. The increase was primarily related to an increase in depreciation of $25.3 million from our Hughes segment related to
depreciation from EchoStar XVII, which was placed into service in October 2012, an increase of $24.4 million in depreciation from our EchoStar Satellite Services segment, primarily due
to the depreciation of EchoStar XVI, which was placed into service in January 2013, and a $17.4 million increase in depreciation associated with customer rental equipment. These
increases in depreciation were partially offset by a decrease in depreciation of $13.5 million on EchoStar VI, which was fully depreciated in August 2012, and a decrease in depreciation
of $5.7 million on EchoStar XII due to the impairment of the satellite's carrying amount in the second quarter of 2013.  

 56 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

  Impairment of long-lived assets.     "Impairment of long-lived assets" totaled $38.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of
$5.7 million or 17.2%, compared to the same period in 2012. Impairment losses in 2013 consisted of a $34.7 million impairment of our EchoStar XII satellite and a
$3.8 million impairment of goodwill of our EchoStar Technologies segment. Impairment losses in 2012 consisted of a $22.0 million impairment of certain contract rights of our Hughes
segment, a $6.6 million impairment of goodwill of our EchoStar Technologies segment, and a $4.2 million impairment of certain regulatory authorizations.  

  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized.     "Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized" totaled $192.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2013, an increase of $39.5 million or 25.8%, compared to the same period in 2012. The increase was mainly due to a $45.1 million decrease in capitalized interest associated with the
EchoStar XVII and EchoStar XVI satellites which were placed into service in October 2012 and January 2013, respectively, partially offset by the capitalization of interest expense of
$4.0 million primarily related to the construction of the EchoStar XIX and the TerreStar-2 satellites in 2013.  


  Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates, net.     "Equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates, net" was $5.0 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013, a $4.6 million increase compared to the same period in 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to a $6.3 million increase in our one-third share of losses
incurred by DISH Digital Holding, L.L.C., which commenced operations in July 2012.  

  Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net.     "Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net"
totaled $38.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, a decrease of $139.2 million or 78.4%, compared to the same period in 2012. The decrease was mainly related to a
decrease in gains of $136.4 million recognized on the sale of certain strategic investments in public companies in 2012.  

  Other, net.     "Other, net" totaled $7.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, a decrease of $52.6 million, or 88.3%, compared to the
same period in 2012. The decrease was primarily related to a non-recurring dividend of $46.0 million received from a strategic investment in 2012 and a $5.9 million decrease in gains
arising from reductions of the capital lease obligation for the AMC-16 satellite as a result of a partial loss of satellite capacity.  


  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.     EBITDA was $650.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, a decrease of
$143.8 million, or 18.1%, compared to the same period in 2012. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in gains of $139.2 million recognized from the sale of certain strategic
investments in several public companies in 2012, a non-recurring dividend of $46.0 million received from a strategic investment in 2012, a decrease in gains of $5.9 million arising from
reductions of the capital lease obligation for the AMC-16 satellite in 2012, and a decrease of $4.6 million in equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. These decreases were partially
offset by a  

 57 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


 $53.5 million
increase in operating income, exclusive of depreciation and amortization. The following table reconciles EBITDA to the accompanying financial statements.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 650,097 
   
 $ 
 793,898 
   
 $ 
 (143,801 
 ) 
   
 (18.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Interest income and expense, net 
   
   
 (177,898 
 ) 
   
 (141,853 
 ) 
   
 (36,045 
 ) 
   
 25.4 
   
 
 
   Income tax benefit, net 
   
   
 37,437 
   
   
 16,329 
   
   
 21,108 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 (507,111 
 ) 
   
 (457,326 
 ) 
   
 (49,785 
 ) 
   
 10.9 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 (208,523 
 ) 
   
 (98.8 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Percentage
is not meaningful.   
  
   Income tax benefit, net.     Income tax benefit totaled $37.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of $21.1 million, compared
to the same period in 2012. Our effective income tax rate was 110.0% for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to (8.4%) for the same period in 2012. The variation in our current year
effective tax rate from a U.S. federal statutory rate for the current period
was primarily due to the release of the valuation allowance associated with capital loss carryforwards in conjunction with the sale of certain of our capital investments, current year research and
experimentation credits, and the reinstatement of the research and experimentation tax credit for 2012, as provided by the American Taxpayer Relief Act enacted on January 2, 2013. For the same
period in 2012, the variation from a U.S. federal statutory rate was primarily attributable to the release of the valuation allowance associated with the sale of certain capital investments. In
addition, significant fluctuation in the effective tax rate from a U.S. federal statutory rate resulted from our pre-tax losses in the current year.  

  Net income attributable to EchoStar.     Net income attributable to EchoStar was $2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, a decrease of
$208.5 million, or 98.8%, compared to the same period in 2012. The change was primarily due to a decrease in gains of $139.2 million recognized from the sale of marketable investment
securities and other investments in 2012, a gain recognized in 2012 associated with a non-recurring dividend of $46.0 million received from a strategic investment that was not received in 2013,
a decrease in capitalized interest of $45.1 million associated with EchoStar XVII and EchoStar XVI, which were placed into service in October 2012 and January 2013, respectively,
and a decrease in other income of $5.9 million as a result of a reduction of the capital lease obligation for the AMC-16 satellite when compared to the same period in 2012. These reductions
were offset partially by an increase of $21.1 million in income tax benefit, the capitalization of interest expense of $4.0 million primarily related to the construction of the EchoStar
XIX and the TerreStar-2 satellites in 2013, and an increase in operating income of $3.7 million.  

 58 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


  Segment Operating Results and Capital Expenditures   

  Year Ended December 31, 2013 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2012   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013


 

  
   
 EchoStar 
Technologies  
   
 Hughes  
   
 EchoStar 
Satellite 
Services  
   
 All 
Other and 
Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated 
Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,715,991 
   
 $ 
 1,218,126 
   
 $ 
 330,177 
   
 $ 
 18,158 
   
 $ 
 3,282,452 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 56,935 
   
 $ 
 186,561 
   
 $ 
 12,700 
   
 $ 
 135,677 
   
 $ 
 391,873 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 136,057 
   
 $ 
 281,513 
   
 $ 
 235,993 
   
 $ 
 (3,466 
 ) 
 $ 
 650,097 
   
 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 

 
 
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,660,029 
   
 $ 
 1,158,714 
   
 $ 
 277,985 
   
 $ 
 24,976 
   
 $ 
 3,121,704 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 69,809 
   
 $ 
 292,222 
   
 $ 
 118,998 
   
 $ 
 31,976 
   
 $ 
 513,005 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 110,933 
   
 $ 
 265,756 
   
 $ 
 212,549 
   
 $ 
 204,660 
   
 $ 
 793,898 
   
 
 
 
  
   EchoStar Technologies Segment   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,715,991 
   
 $ 
 1,660,029 
   
 $ 
 55,962 
   
   
 3.4 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 56,935 
   
 $ 
 69,809 
   
 $ 
 (12,874 
 ) 
   
 (18.4 
 ) 
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 136,057 
   
 $ 
 110,933 
   
 $ 
 25,124 
   
   
 22.6 
   
 
 
 
  
   Revenue   

 EchoStar Technologies segment total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $56.0 million, or 3.4%, compared to the
same period in 2012, primarily as a result of a $269.0 million increase in both equipment and service revenue provided to DISH Network, offset partially by a $213.1 million decrease in
other equipment and service revenue primarily
due to a decrease in sales of set-top boxes and related accessories to Bell TV and our other international customers.  

  Capital Expenditures   

 EchoStar Technologies segment capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2013 decreased by $12.9 million, or 18.4%, compared
to the same period in 2012, primarily due to lower capital requirements related to our digital broadcast center and network operations.  

  EBITDA   

 EchoStar Technologies segment EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $136.1 million, an increase of $25.1 million, or
22.6%, compared to the same period in 2012. The increase in EBITDA for our EchoStar Technologies segment was primarily driven by a $27.3 million increase in operating income offset partially by
a decrease of $1.7 million in gains on the sale of investments compared to the same period in 2012.  

 59 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

  Hughes Segment   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,218,126 
   
 $ 
 1,158,714 
   
 $ 
 59,412 
   
   
 5.1 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 186,561 
   
 $ 
 292,222 
   
 $ 
 (105,661 
 ) 
   
 (36.2 
 ) 
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 281,513 
   
 $ 
 265,756 
   
 $ 
 15,757 
   
   
 5.9 
   
 
 
 
  
   Revenue   

 Hughes segment total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $59.4 million, or 5.1%, compared to the same period in
2012. This increase was primarily due to an increase in both service and hardware revenue from DISH Network of $34.5 million and $45.4 million, respectively. This increase in revenue
from DISH Network was primarily a result of an increase in sales of broadband equipment and services pursuant to the Distribution Agreement we
entered into with dishNET in October 2012. Also contributing to the increase in our Hughes segment revenue was an increase of $41.1 million of other service revenue related to an increase in
sales of broadband services. These increases were offset partially by a decrease of $61.5 million in equipment revenue as a result of a decrease in sales of mobile satellite systems equipment
and international broadband equipment.  

  Capital Expenditures   

 Hughes segment capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2013 decreased by $105.7 million, or 36.2%, compared to the same
period in 2012, primarily due to a decrease in satellite expenditures related to EchoStar XVII, which was launched in July 2012.  


  EBITDA   

 EBITDA for our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $281.5 million, an increase of $15.8 million, or 5.9%,
compared to the same period in 2012. The increase was due primarily to a $22.0 million impairment loss in 2012 on certain contract rights associated with the Hughes Acquisition that did not
occur in 2013 and a gain of $2.6 million in connection with the settlement of certain accounts receivables in 2013. These increases were offset partially by a decrease in gains on marketable
investment securities of $10.5 million compared to the same period in 2012.  

  EchoStar Satellite Services Segment   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 330,177 
   
 $ 
 277,985 
   
 $ 
 52,192 
   
   
 18.8 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 12,700 
   
 $ 
 118,998 
   
 $ 
 (106,298 
 ) 
   
 (89.3 
 ) 
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 235,993 
   
 $ 
 212,549 
   
 $ 
 23,444 
   
   
 11.0 
   
 
 
 
  
  60 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


  Revenue   

 EchoStar Satellite Services segment total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $52.2 million, or 18.8%, compared
to the same period in 2012, primarily due to an increase in sales of transponder services to DISH Network.  

  Capital Expenditures   

 EchoStar Satellite Services segment capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2013 decreased by $106.3 million, or 89.3%,
compared to the same period in 2012, primarily related to a decrease in satellite expenditures due to the launch of EchoStar XVI in November 2012.  


  EBITDA   

 EchoStar Satellite Services segment EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $236.0 million, an increase of
$23.4 million, or 11.0%, compared to the same period in 2012. The increase in EBITDA for our EchoStar Satellite Services segment was primarily due to a $64.1 million increase in
operating income excluding depreciation and amortization and impairment losses primarily related to an increase in the sales of transponder services provided in 2013 compared to 2012 and a decrease in
cost of sales related to the termination of our satellite lease contract with DISH Network on EchoStar I, which was effective in July 2012. The increase in operating income was partially offset by the
impairment loss of our EchoStar XII satellite of $34.7 million in June 2013 and a decrease in gains of $5.9 million as a result of a reduction of the capital lease obligation for
the AMC-16 satellite when compared to the same period in 2012.  

  All Other and Eliminations   

 All Other and Eliminations accounts for certain items and activities in our Consolidated Financial Statements that have not been assigned to our
operating segments. These include real estate and other activities, costs incurred in satellite development programs and other
business development activities, expenses of various corporate departments, and our centralized treasury activities, including income from our investment portfolio and interest expense on our debt.  

  Capital Expenditures   

 For the year ended December 31, 2013 capital expenditures increased by $103.7 million compared to the same period in 2012, primarily
related to the increase in satellite expenditures on the EchoStar XIX satellite of $100.8 million and the TerreStar-2 satellite of $13.9 million. The EchoStar XIX satellite is expected
to be used in the operations of our Hughes segment and the TerreStar-2 satellite is intended to be used by Solaris Mobile in providing mobile satellite services in the EU.  


  EBITDA   

 All Other and Eliminations EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2013 was a loss of $3.5 million, compared to income of
$204.7 million for the same period in 2012. The $208.1 million decrease in EBITDA was primarily due to a decrease in gains of $126.1 million recognized from the sale of marketable
investment securities and other investments in 2012 and non-recurring dividends of $46.0 million received from a strategic investment in 2012.  

 61 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

  Year Ended December 31, 2012 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2011   

 Our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2011 does not include the operations of Hughes Communications prior to
June 8, 2011, the date the Hughes Acquisition was completed. Therefore, our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2012 are not comparable to our results of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2011.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
 Statements of Operations Data

 

  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equipment revenue—DISH Network 
   
 $ 
 1,028,588 
   
 $ 
 1,158,293 
   
 $ 
 (129,705 
 ) 
   
 (11.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Equipment revenue—other 
   
   
 621,495 
   
   
 513,504 
   
   
 107,991 
   
   
 21.0 
   
 
 
   Services and other revenue—DISH Network 
   
   
 515,176 
   
   
 496,636 
   
   
 18,540 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Services and other revenue—other 
   
   
 956,445 
   
   
 592,998 
   
   
 363,447 
   
   
 61.3 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 3,121,704 
   
   
 2,761,431 
   
   
 360,273 
   
   
 13.0 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Costs and Expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost of sales—equipment 
   
   
 1,397,512 
   
   
 1,414,791 
   
   
 (17,279 
 ) 
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
 
 
   % of Total equipment revenue 
   
   
  84.7 
 % 
   
 84.6 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost of sales—services and other 
   
   
 691,922 
   
   
 492,702 
   
   
 199,220 
   
   
 40.4 
   
 
 
   % of Total services and other revenue 
   
   
  47.0 
 % 
   
 45.2 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   expenses (including DISH Network) 
   
   
 372,644 
   
   
 303,276 
   
   
 69,368 
   
   
 22.9 
   
 
 
   % of Total revenue 
   
   
  11.9 
 % 
   
 11.0 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Research and development expenses 
   
   
 69,649 
   
   
 50,966 
   
   
 18,683 
   
   
 36.7 
   
 
 
   % of Total revenue 
   
   
  2.2 
 % 
   
 1.8 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 457,326 
   
   
 385,894 
   
   
 71,432 
   
   
 18.5 
   
 
 
   Impairment of long-lived assets 
   
   
 32,765 
   
   
 32,964 
   
   
 (199 
 ) 
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 3,021,818 
   
   
 2,680,593 
   
   
 341,225 
   
   
 12.7 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 99,886 
   
   
 80,838 
   
   
 19,048 
   
   
 23.6 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Other Income (Expense): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 11,176 
   
   
 10,821 
   
   
 355 
   
   
 3.3 
   
 
 
   Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized 
   
   
 (153,029 
 ) 
   
 (82,593 
 ) 
   
 (70,436 
 ) 
   
 85.3 
   
 
 
   Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net 
   
   
 177,558 
   
   
 13,666 
   
   
 163,892 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
   Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net            
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15,871 
   
   
 (15,871 
 ) 
   
 (100.0 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net 
   
   
 (438 
 ) 
   
 11,860 
   
   
 (12,298 
 ) 
   
 * 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 59,531 
   
   
 (24,688 
 ) 
   
 84,219 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other income (expense), net 
   
   
 94,798 
   
   
 (55,063 
 ) 
   
 149,861 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income before income taxes 
   
   
 194,684 
   
   
 25,775 
   
   
 168,909 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
   Income tax benefit (provision), net 
   
   
 16,329 
   
   
 (21,501 
 ) 
   
 37,830 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 211,013 
   
   
 4,274 
   
   
 206,739 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
   Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (35 
 ) 
   
 635 
   
   
 (670 
 ) 
   
 * 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 $ 
 207,409 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other Data: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 793,898 
   
 $ 
 482,806 
   
 $ 
 311,092 
   
   
 64.4 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Subscribers, end of period(1) 
   
   
 636,000 
   
   
 602,000 
   
   
 34,000 
   
   
 5.6 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Percentage
is not meaningful.
 (1) Excludes
approximately 23,000 and 24,000 subscribers as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively, receiving services through third parties who
have capacity arrangements with us previously reported in our subscriber totals.  
  
  62 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued   

  Equipment revenue—DISH Network.     "Equipment revenue—DISH Network" totaled $1.03 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012,
a decrease of $129.7 million or 11.2% compared to the same period in 2011.  

 

 Equipment
revenue—DISH Network from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased by $152.9 million, or 13.2%, to $1.01 billion
compared to the same period in 2011. Our EchoStar Technologies segment offers multiple set-top boxes with different price points depending on their capabilities and functionalities. The revenue and
associated margins we earn on sales are determined largely through periodic negotiations that could result in prices reflecting, among other things, the set-top boxes and other equipment that meet our
customers' current sales and marketing priorities, the product and service alternatives available from other equipment suppliers, our ability to respond to customer requirements, and to differentiate
ourselves from other equipment suppliers on bases other than pricing. In addition products containing new technologies and features typically have higher initial prices, which reduce over time as
demand decreases or as DISH Network's demand for new or refurbished units changes. The decrease in our equipment revenue from DISH Network was primarily due to a 22.0% decrease in the weighted average
price of set-top boxes, offset partially by a 6.0% increase in unit sales of set-top boxes. Additionally, unit sales of related accessories increased 134.7%, offset partially by a 60.7% decrease in
weighted average price of related accessories.  

 Equipment
revenue—DISH Network from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $23.2 million to $23.8 million compared to the same period in
2011. The increase was primarily due to the commencement of broadband equipment sales to DISH Network pursuant to the Distribution Agreement we entered into with dishNET in October 2012.  

 

  Equipment revenue—other.     "Equipment revenue—other" totaled $621.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase
of $108.0 million or 21.0% compared to the same period in 2011.  

 

 Equipment
revenue—other from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $13.7 million, or 3.9%, to $365.9 million compared to
the same period in 2011. The increase was primarily due to an increase in sales of $16.2 million of set-top boxes and related accessories sold to our international customers, which was
partially offset by the decrease in sales of $2.6 million of Sling boxes.  

 Equipment
revenue—other from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $95.3 million, or 59.2%, to $256.2 million compared to the same
period in 2011. The increase was due to a partial-year revenue earned in 2011 compared to a full-year of revenue earned 2012 as the Hughes Acquisition was not completed until June 2011.  

 

  Services and other revenue—other.     "Services and other revenue—other" totaled $956.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2012, an increase of $363.4 million or 61.3% compared to the same period in 2011.  

 

 Services
and other revenue—other from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $355.1 million, or 69.2%, to $868.5 million compared to the
same period in 2011. The increase was due to partial-year revenue earned in 2011 compared to a full-year of revenue earned 2012 as the Hughes Acquisition was not completed until June 2011.  


 Services
and other revenue—other from our EchoStar Satellite Services segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $14.5 million, or 23.3%, to
$76.5 million compared to the  

 
 63 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 

 same
period in 2011. The increase was mainly due to higher transponder services of $11.1 million provided in 2012 compared to 2011.  

 

  Cost of sales—equipment.     "Cost of sales—equipment" totaled $1.40 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of
$17.3 million or 1.2% compared to the same period in 2011.  

 

 Cost
of sales—equipment from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased by $121.4 million, or 9.4%, to $1.17 billion compared to
the same period in 2011. The decrease was attributable to a decrease in equipment costs of $133.3 million, related directly to a decrease in sales of set-top boxes and related accessories sold
to DISH Network. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in cost of sales of $13.0 million, primarily related to an increase in sales of set-top boxes and related accessories to our
other international customers.  

 Cost
of sales—equipment from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $104.3 million, or 81.2%, to $232.7 million compared to the same
period in 2011. The increase was due to partial-year expenses recognized in 2011 compared to a full-year of expenses recognized in 2012 as the Hughes Acquisition was not completed until June 2011.  

 

  Cost of sales—services and other.     "Cost of sales—services and other" totaled $691.9 million for the year ended December 31,
2012, an increase of $199.2 million or 40.4% compared to the same period in 2011.  

 

 Cost
of sales—services and other from our EchoStar Technologies segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $18.8 million, or 11.1%, to $188.7 million
compared to the same period in 2011. The increase was primarily attributable to a $16.6 million increase in support costs related to engineering services provided in 2012 compared to 2011 and a
$4.0 million increase in uplink/downlink costs.  

 Cost
of sales—services and other from our Hughes segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $186.3 million, or 79.1%, to $421.9 million compared to the
same period in 2011. The increase was due to partial-year expenses recognized in 2011 compared to a full-year of expenses recognized in 2012 as the Hughes Acquisition was not completed until June
2011.  

 Cost
of sales—services and other from our EchoStar Satellite Services segment for the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased by $10.5 million, or 14.7%, to
$60.8 million compared to the same period in 2011. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in cost of sales of $13.4 million due to the termination of our satellite lease
agreement with DISH Network for EchoStar I in July 2012, partially offset by a $3.8 million increase in cost of sales related to the increase in transponder revenue in 2012.  

 

  Selling, general and administrative expenses.     "Selling, general and administrative expenses" totaled $372.6 million for year ended December 31, 2012,
an increase of $69.4 million or 22.9% compared to the same period in 2011. The increase primarily related to higher marketing and advertising expenses and other general and administrative
expenses of $72.0 million incurred by our Hughes segment. "Selling, general and administrative expenses" represented 11.9% and 11.0% of total revenue for the years ended December 31,
2012 and 2011, respectively. The increase in the expense to revenue ratio principally resulted from an increase in revenue and expenses from our Hughes segment, which was acquired in connection with
the Hughes Acquisition in June 2011.  

 64 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


  Depreciation and amortization.     "Depreciation and amortization" expense totaled $457.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of
$71.4 million or 18.5% compared to the same period in 2011. The increase was primarily related to higher amortization and depreciation expense of $67.0 million incurred from our Hughes
segment as we did not complete the Hughes Acquisition until June 2011. In addition, the increase in depreciation expense was attributable to an increase of $25.7 million related to satellites
that were accounted for as capital leases, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense of $6.7 million from our EchoStar Satellite Services segment related to EchoStar VI,
which was fully depreciated in August 2012. The overall increase in depreciation and amortization expense from our Hughes segment and EchoStar Satellite Services segment was partially offset by lower
amortization and depreciation expense of $11.7 million from our EchoStar Technologies segment, primarily relating to the retirement of certain assets.  

  Impairments of long-lived assets.     "Impairments of long-lived assets" totaled $32.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of
$0.2 million or 0.6% compared to the same period in 2011. Our 2012 impairments relate to a $22.0 impairment of certain contract rights associated with the Hughes Acquisition that were
determined to have a lower probability of being realized than was assumed in prior estimates, goodwill impairment of $6.6 million associated with the EchoStar Technologies segment, and an
impairment of $4.2 million of certain of our regulatory authorizations. Our 2011 impairment loss of $33.0 million was related to the impairment of our CMBStar satellite. See
Note 8 and Note 9 for a discussion of the impairments recorded in 2012 and 2011, respectively, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report.  

  Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized.     "Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized" totaled $153.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2012, an increase of $70.4 million or 85.3% compared to the same period in 2011. The increase was primarily related to higher interest expense of: (i) $58.4 million incurred on
the Notes and (ii) $10.7 million incurred on our capital lease obligations.  

  Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net.     "Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net"
totaled $177.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $163.9 million compared to the same period in 2011. The increase primarily related to higher gains of
$168.2 million recognized on sales of certain of our strategic investments in public companies in 2012.  

  Other, net.     "Other, net" totaled $59.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of $84.2 million compared to the same period
in 2011. The increase was primarily related to dividends received of $46.0 million from a special dividend declaration from one of our strategic investments in 2012, and transaction costs of
$35.3 million related to the Hughes Acquisition in 2011.  

  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.     EBITDA was $793.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, an increase of
$311.1 million or 64.4% compared to the same period in 2011. The increase was primarily due to an increase in gains of $163.9 million recognized on sales of our strategic marketable
investment securities, an increase in operating income of $90.5 million, a dividend received of $46.0 million from one of our strategic investments in 2012, and transaction costs of
$35.3 million incurred in 2011 relating to the Hughes Acquisition. The increase in EBITDA was partially offset by the gains recognized of $15.9 million from the sale of investments
accounted for at  

 65 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


 fair
value in 2011 and the decrease in equity in earnings of $12.3 million from unconsolidated affiliates. The following table reconciles EBITDA to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 793,898 
   
 $ 
 482,806 
   
 $ 
 311,092 
   
   
 64.4 
   
 
 
   Interest income and expense, net 
   
   
 (141,853 
 ) 
   
 (71,772 
 ) 
   
 (70,081 
 ) 
   
 97.6 
   
 
 
   Income tax benefit (provision), net 
   
   
 16,329 
   
   
 (21,501 
 ) 
   
 37,830 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 (457,326 
 ) 
   
 (385,894 
 ) 
   
 (71,432 
 ) 
   
 18.5 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 $ 
 207,409 
   
   
 * 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Percentage
is not meaningful.   
  
   Income tax benefit (provision), net.     Our income tax benefit totaled approximately $16.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to an
income tax provision of $21.5 million for the same period in 2011. Our effective income tax rate was (8.4%) for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to 83.4% for the same period in
2011. Our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2012 and
2011 were significantly impacted by the changes in our valuation allowance for deferred taxes that are capital in nature.  

  Segment Operating Results   

  Year Ended December 31, 2012 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2011   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012


 

  
   
 EchoStar 
Technologies  
   
 Hughes  
   
 EchoStar 
Satellite 
Services  
   
 All 
Other and 
Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated 
Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,660,029 
   
 $ 
 1,158,714 
   
 $ 
 277,985 
   
 $ 
 24,976 
   
 $ 
 3,121,704 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 69,809 
   
 $ 
 292,222 
   
 $ 
 118,998 
   
 $ 
 31,976 
   
 $ 
 513,005 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 110,933 
   
 $ 
 265,756 
   
 $ 
 212,549 
   
 $ 
 204,660 
   
 $ 
 793,898 
   
 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 

 
 
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,780,642 
   
 $ 
 676,222 
   
 $ 
 278,125 
   
 $ 
 26,442 
   
 $ 
 2,761,431 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 81,420 
   
 $ 
 156,768 
   
 $ 
 119,004 
   
 $ 
 19,980 
   
 $ 
 377,172 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 144,753 
   
 $ 
 167,100 
   
 $ 
 197,848 
   
 $ 
 (26,895 
 ) 
 $ 
 482,806 
   
 
 
 
  
   EchoStar Technologies Segment   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,660,029 
   
 $ 
 1,780,642 
   
 $ 
 (120,613 
 ) 
   
 (6.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 69,809 
   
 $ 
 81,420 
   
 $ 
 (11,611 
 ) 
   
 (14.3 
 ) 
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 110,933 
   
 $ 
 144,753 
   
 $ 
 (33,820 
 ) 
   
 (23.4 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
  66 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

  Revenue   

 EchoStar Technologies segment total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased by $120.6 million, or 6.8%, compared to the
same period in 2011, as a result of a $139.1 million decrease in total equipment revenue, offset partially by a $18.5 million increase in total service revenue primarily due to a
decrease in sales of set-top boxes and related accessories to DISH Network.  

  Capital Expenditures   

 EchoStar Technologies segment capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased by $11.6 million, or 14.3%, compared
to the same period in 2011, primarily due to the construction of a data center in 2011 that did not occur in 2012.  

  EBITDA   

 EchoStar Technologies segment EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2012 was $110.9 million, a decrease of $33.8 million or
23.4% compared to the same period in 2011. The decrease was primarily driven by lower equipment revenue earned from the sales of set-top boxes and related accessories, higher research and development
costs and impairment of goodwill.  

  Hughes Segment   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,158,714 
   
 $ 
 676,222 
   
 $ 
 482,492 
   
   
 71.4 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 292,222 
   
 $ 
 156,768 
   
 $ 
 135,454 
   
   
 86.4 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 265,756 
   
 $ 
 167,100 
   
 $ 
 98,656 
   
   
 59.0 
   
 
 
 
  
   Revenue   

 Hughes segment total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $482.5 million, or 71.4%, compared to the same period in
2011, primarily due to partial-year revenue earned in 2011 compared to a full-year of revenue earned in 2012 as the Hughes Acquisition was not completed until June 2011.  

  Capital Expenditures   


 Hughes segment capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased by $135.5 million, or 86.4%, compared to the same
period in 2011, primarily due to a decrease in satellite expenditures related to EchoStar XVII, which was launched in July 2012.  

  EBITDA   

 Hughes segment EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2012 was $265.8 million, an increase of $98.7 million or 59.0% compared to
the same period in 2011. The increase was primarily due to partial-year revenue and expenses recognized in 2011 compared to a full-year of revenue and expenses recognized in 2012 as the Hughes
Acquisition was not completed until June 2011.  

 67 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

  EchoStar Satellite Services Segment   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 Variance  
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 Amount  
   
 %  
   
 
 
   
   
 (Dollars in thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 277,985 
   
 $ 
 278,125 
   
 $ 
 (140 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 118,998 
   
 $ 
 119,004 
   
 $ 
 (6 
 ) 
   
 (0.0 
 ) 
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 212,549 
   
 $ 
 197,848 
   
 $ 
 14,701 
   
   
 7.4 
   
 
 
 
  
   Revenue   

 EchoStar Satellite Services segment total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $0.1 million, or 0.1%, compared to
the same period in 2011, primarily due to a $0.1 million increase in sales of transponder services to DISH Network.  


  Capital Expenditures   

 EchoStar Satellite Services segment capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2012 remained flat compared to the same period in
2011.  

  EBITDA   

 EchoStar Satellite Services segment EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2012 was $212.5 million, an increase of $14.7 million
or 7.4% compared to the same period in 2011. The increase was primarily due to lower cost of sales of $13.4 million relating to the termination of our satellite lease contract on EchoStar I
with DISH Network, which was effective in July 2012.  

  All Other and Eliminations   

  EBITDA   

 All Other and Eliminations EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2012 was income of $204.7 million, compared to a loss of
$26.9 million for the same period in 2011. The $231.6 million increase in EBITDA was primarily due to increases in gains of $148.8 million on marketable investment securities and
other investments, non-recurring dividends of $46.0 million received from a strategic investment in 2012, and $35.3 million in non-recurring transaction costs related to the Hughes
Acquisition in 2011.  

  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Current Marketable Investment Securities   

 We consider all liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. See
Item 7A.—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding our marketable investment securities.
As of December 31, 2013, our cash, cash equivalents and current marketable investment securities totaled $1.62 billion compared to $1.55 billion as of December 31, 2012, an
increase of $73.1 million.  

 68 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued   

 We
have investments in various debt and equity instruments including corporate bonds, corporate equity securities, government bonds, and variable rate demand notes ("VRDNs"). VRDNs are long term
floating rate bonds with embedded put options that allow the bondholder to sell the security at par plus accrued interest. All of the put options are secured by a pledged liquidity source. Our VRDN
portfolio is comprised of investments in municipalities and corporations, which are backed by financial institutions or other highly rated companies that serve as the pledged liquidity source. While
they are classified as marketable investment securities, the put option allows VRDNs to be liquidated generally on the same day or on a five business day settlement basis. As of December 31,
2013 and 2012, we held VRDNs, within our current marketable investment securities portfolio, with fair values of $34.7 million and $66.1 million, respectively. Our other current
marketable investment securities portfolio consists primarily of corporate and government bonds. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we held $918.2 million and $693.5 million,
respectively, of corporate and government bonds and other investment securities.  

 The
following discussion highlights our cash flow activities for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.  

  Cash flows from operating activities.     We typically reinvest the cash flow from operating activities in our business. For the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, we reported net cash inflows from operating activities of $450.5 million, $505.1 million and $447.0 million, respectively.  

 Net
cash flows from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2013 decreased by $54.6 million compared to the same period in 2012. The decrease was primarily attributable to
lower net income of $37.6 million adjusted to exclude: (i) "Depreciation and amortization;" (ii) "Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net;"
(iii) "Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated affiliates, net;" (iv) "Impairment of long-lived assets", (v) "Deferred tax benefit;" and (vi) "Other, net."  

 Net
cash flows from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased by $58.1 million compared to the same period in 2011. The improvement was primarily attributable
to the increase in net income of $162.6 million adjusted to exclude non-cash changes in: (i) "Depreciation and amortization;" (ii) "Realized gains on marketable investment
securities and other investments;" (iii) "Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated affiliates;" (iv) "Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net;" (v) "Deferred
tax expense (benefit);" and (vi) "Other, net." The increase in net income adjusted to exclude non-cash was partially offset by a $103.0 million decrease from changes in operating assets
and liabilities related to timing differences between the incurrence of expense and cash payments.  

  Cash flows from investing activities.     Our investing activities generally include purchases and sales of marketable investment securities, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, and strategic investments. For the
years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we reported net cash outflows from investing activities of $570.3 million, $346.8 million and $1.89 billion, respectively.  


 Net
cash outflows from investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased by $223.5 million compared to the same period in 2012. The increase in cash outflows primarily
related to an increase of $446.0 million in net purchases of marketable investment securities. This increase was partially offset by a $121.1 million reduction in capital expenditures,
decrease of $56.7 million in acquisitions of regulatory authorizations, and proceeds of $40.4 million in 2013 from the transfer of a regulatory authorization and satellite launch
services contract to DISH Network.  

 69 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 Net
cash outflows from investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased by $1.54 billion compared to the same period in 2011. The decrease was primarily due to the net
acquisition cost of Hughes Communications of $2.08 billion partially offset by proceeds from the sale of a strategic investment of $712.9 million in 2011. In addition, the decrease in
net cash outflows was attributable to higher net proceeds from our marketable investment securities of $347.8 million in 2012 compared to 2011. The decrease in net cash outflows was partially
offset by a $135.8 million increase in capital expenditures in 2012 compared to 2011.  

  Cash flows from financing activities.     Our financing activities generally include proceeds related to the issuance of long-term debt and cash used for the
repurchase, redemption or payment of long-term debt and capital lease obligations. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we reported net cash inflows from financing activities
of $18.3 million, net cash outflows from financing activities of $44.0 million, and net cash inflows from financing activities of $1.91 billion, respectively.  


 Net
cash inflows from financing activities increased to $18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to net cash outflows of $44.0 million for the same period in
2012. The increase was primarily due to higher proceeds of $55.8 million received from Class A common stock options exercised and stock issued under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan and
an increase in excess tax benefit from stock option exercises, which was partially offset by an increase in repayments of long-term debt of $8.2 million.  

 Net
cash outflows from financing activities decreased by $1.96 billion for the year ended December 31, 2012 compared to the same period in 2011. The decrease was primarily due to the
one-time proceeds received of $2.00 billion from the issuance of the Notes in 2011.  

  Obligations and Future Capital Requirements   

  Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   


 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2013 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our
liquidity and cash flow in future periods:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Payments due in the Year Ending December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 Total  
   
 2014  
   
 2015  
   
 2016  
   
 2017  
   
 2018  
   
 Thereafter  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt obligations 
   
 $ 
 2,001,588 
   
 $ 
 1,431 
   
 $ 
 150 
   
 $ 
 7 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 2,000,000 
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations 
   
   
 420,800 
   
   
 68,360 
   
   
 28,005 
   
   
 29,074 
   
   
 32,414 
   
   
 35,949 
   
   
 226,998 
   
 
 
   Interest expense on long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 1,143,017 
   
   
 180,475 
   
   
 175,822 
   
   
 172,990 
   
   
 169,863 
   
   
 166,378 
   
   
 277,489 
   
 
 
   Satellite-related obligations 
   
   
 1,106,738 
   
   
 466,992 
   
   
 236,438 
   
   
 68,222 
   
   
 52,414 
   
   
 45,914 
   
   
 236,758 
   
 
 
   Operating lease obligations 
   
   
 71,170 
   
   
 22,143 
   
   
 18,589 
   
   
 12,918 
   
   
 8,460 
   
   
 2,830 
   
   
 6,230 
   
 
 
   Purchase and other obligations 
   
   
 212,108 
   
   
 207,107 
   
   
 1,667 
   
   
 1,667 
   
   
 1,667 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 4,955,421 
   
 $ 
 946,508 
   
 $ 
 460,671 
   
 $ 
 284,878 
   
 $ 
 264,818 
   
 $ 
 251,071 
   
 $ 
 2,747,475 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  "Satellite-related
obligations" primarily includes, among other things, payment pursuant to agreements for the construction of the EchoStar XIX and TerreStar-2 satellites, payments pursuant to launch
services contracts, executory costs for our capital lease satellites, costs under transponder agreements and in-orbit incentives relating to certain satellites.  

 70 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 Our
"Purchase and other obligations" primarily consists of binding purchase orders for digital set-top boxes and related components. Our purchase obligations can fluctuate significantly from period to
period due to, among other things, management's control of inventory levels, and can materially impact our future operating asset and liability balances, and our future working capital requirements.  

 The
table above does not include amounts related to deferred tax liabilities, unrecognized tax positions and certain other amounts recorded in our noncurrent liabilities as the timing of any payments
is uncertain. The table also excludes long-term deferred revenue and other long-term liabilities that do not require future cash payments.  

 In
certain circumstances, the dates on which we are obligated to pay our contractual obligations could change.  


  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

 Other than the transactions below, we generally do not engage in off-balance sheet financing activities or use derivative financial instruments for
hedge accounting or speculative purposes.  

 As
of December 31, 2013, we had $39.4 million of letters of credit and insurance bonds. Of this amount, $8.1 million was secured by restricted cash; $12.4 million related
to insurance bonds; and $18.9 million was issued under credit arrangements available to our foreign subsidiaries. Certain letters of credit are secured by assets of our foreign subsidiaries.  

 As
of December 31, 2013, we had foreign currency forward contracts with a notional value of $8.4 million in place to partially mitigate foreign currency exchange risk. From time to time,
we may enter into foreign currency forward contracts, or take other measures, to mitigate risks associated with foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities, commitments and anticipated foreign
currency transactions.  

  Satellite Insurance   

 We generally do not carry insurance for any of the in-orbit satellites that we use because we believe that the premium costs are uneconomical
relative to the risk of satellite failure. However, pursuant to the terms of the agreements governing certain portions of our indebtedness, we are required, subject to certain limitations on coverage,
to maintain launch and in-orbit insurance for SPACEWAY 3, EchoStar XVI, and EchoStar XVII. The loss of a satellite or other satellite malfunctions or anomalies could have a
material adverse effect on our financial performance, which we may not be able to mitigate by using available capacity on other satellites. There can be no assurance that we can recover critical
transmission capacity in the event one or more of our in-orbit
satellites were to fail. In addition, the loss of a satellite or other satellite malfunctions or anomalies could affect our ability to comply with Federal Communications Commission and other
regulatory obligations and our ability to fund the construction or acquisition of replacement satellites for our in-orbit fleet in a timely fashion, or at all.  

  Future Capital Requirements   

 We primarily rely on our existing cash and marketable investment securities balances, as well as cash flow generated through our operations to fund
our investment needs. Since we currently depend on DISH Network for a substantial portion of our revenue, our cash flow from operations depends heavily on DISH Network's needs for equipment and
services. To the extent that DISH Network's gross subscriber additions decrease or DISH Network experiences a net loss of subscribers, sales of our digital set-top boxes and related components to DISH
Network may further decline, which in turn  

 71 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 could
have a further material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. As of December 31, 2013, our remaining obligations related to EchoStar XVI,
EchoStar XVII, EchoStar XIX, TerreStar-2 and launch contracts with Arianespace, SA and International Launch Services, Inc. totaled $553.6 million. There can be no assurance
that we will have positive cash flows from operations. Furthermore, if we experience negative cash flows, our existing cash and marketable investment securities balances may be reduced.  


 We
have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness. As of December 31, 2013, our total indebtedness was $2.42 billion, of which $420.8 million related to capital lease
obligations. Our liquidity requirements will be significant, primarily due to our debt service requirements. In addition, our future capital expenditures are likely to increase if we make additional
investments in infrastructure necessary to support and expand our business, or if we decide to purchase one or more additional satellites. Other aspects of our business operations may also require
additional capital. We periodically evaluate various strategic initiatives, the pursuit of which could also require us to raise significant additional capital.  


  Satellites   

 As our satellite fleet ages, we will be required to evaluate replacement alternatives such as acquiring, leasing, or constructing additional
satellites, with or without customer commitments for capacity. We may also construct or lease additional satellites in the future to provide satellite services at additional orbital locations or to
improve the quality of our satellite services.  

  Stock Repurchases   

 Pursuant to a stock repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, we are authorized to repurchase up to $500.0 million of our
outstanding shares of Class A common stock through and including December 31, 2014. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we did not repurchase any common stock
under this plan.  

  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheets, the reported amounts of revenue and expenses for each reporting period, and certain information disclosed in
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report. We base our estimates, judgments, and assumptions on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe
to be relevant under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from previously estimated amounts, and such differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements. We review our
estimates and assumptions periodically, and the effects of revisions are reflected in the period they occur or prospectively if the revised estimate affects future periods. The following represent
what we believe are the critical accounting policies that may involve a high degree of estimation, judgment and complexity. For a summary of our significant accounting policies, including those
discussed below, see Note 2 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report.  


  Marketable Securities and Other Investments   

 We hold investments in debt and equity securities of various companies, including marketable investments in publicly traded securities and
non-marketable investments in securities of privately held  

 72 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


 companies.
Our marketable investment securities ordinarily are accounted for as available-for-sale; accordingly, we report those securities at fair value on a recurring basis and generally recognize
unrealized gains and losses in other comprehensive income (loss). Except in unusual circumstances, the estimated fair values of our marketable investment securities are determined by reference to
quoted prices for identical securities or based primarily on other observable market inputs. Our investments in non-marketable securities typically are strategic investments in privately held
companies and may be highly speculative. We account for such investments using the equity method when we exert significant influence over the investee; otherwise, we account for such investments using
the cost method.  

 All
of our investments are subject to quarterly evaluations to determine whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred, in which case we record an impairment loss in determining net income.
For our marketable investment securities, our impairment evaluation considers factors such the length of time the security has been in a continuous unrealized loss position, the magnitude of the
unrealized loss, current market conditions, company-specific information, and whether we have the intent and ability to hold the investment in the foreseeable future. Generally, it is not practicable
to estimate fair value of our cost method and equity method investments on a recurring basis. Our impairment evaluation for such investments considers whether events or changes in circumstances have
occurred that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. As part of our evaluation, we review available information such as recent company financial statements,
business plans and current economic conditions for factors that may indicate an impairment of our investments. When we determine that an investment is impaired and the impairment is
other-than-temporary, we adjust the carrying amount of the investments to its estimated fair value and recognize an impairment loss in earnings. In these circumstances, our fair value estimates may
reflect significant unobservable inputs.  

 Our
periodic investment impairment evaluations require us to make significant estimates, judgments and assumptions about uncertain future events. In some cases, there may be limited or no observable
market data to support significant assumptions in our estimates. As a result of weakening economic conditions, or other future events and changes in circumstances affecting our investments, we may
subsequently determine that an investment is impaired or that an existing impairment is other-than-temporary. Such events and changes in circumstances could result in our recognition of material
investment impairment losses in the future.  

  Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

 Fair value estimates of our financial instruments are made at a point in time, based on relevant market data and the specific characteristics of the
financial instrument. Weak economic conditions have in prior periods resulted in inactive markets for certain of our financial instruments, including certain debt securities that historically have
been included in "Other investments" in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For certain of these instruments, there may be limited or no observable market data. Fair value estimates for financial
instruments for which limited or no observable market data is available are based on judgments regarding current economic conditions, liquidity discounts, currency, credit and interest rate risks,
loss experience, bankruptcy and other factors. These estimates involve significant uncertainties and judgments and generally are less precise than measurements of fair value based on observable market
data. We make certain assumptions related to expected maturity date, credit and interest rate risk based upon market conditions and prior experience. As a result, such calculated fair value estimates
may not be realizable in a current sale or immediate settlement of the instrument. In addition, changes in the underlying assumptions used in the fair value measurement technique, including liquidity
risks and estimates of future cash flows, could significantly affect these fair value  

 73 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  

 estimates,
which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.  

  Impairment of Long-lived Assets   

 We evaluate our long-lived assets other than goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite lives, for impairment whenever events and changes in
circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset or asset group is considered to not be recoverable when the estimated future
undiscounted cash flows from such asset or asset group is less than its carrying amount. In that event, an impairment loss is recorded in the determination of operating income based on the amount by
which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the long-lived asset or asset group. Fair value is determined primarily using discounted cash flow techniques reflecting the estimated
cash flows and discount rate that would be assumed by a market participant for the asset or asset group under review. Our discounted cash flow estimates typically include assumptions based on
unobservable inputs and may reflect probability-weighting of alternative scenarios. Estimated losses on long-lived assets to be disposed of by
sale may be determined in a similar manner, except that fair value estimates are reduced for estimated selling costs. Changes in estimates of future cash flows, discounts rates and other assumptions
could result in recognition of additional impairment losses in future periods.  

  Impairment Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets   

 We test our goodwill for impairment annually and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have
occurred. There are two steps to the goodwill impairment test. Step one compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the reporting unit's carrying
amount exceeds its estimated fair value, it is necessary to perform the second step of the impairment test, which compares the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of
such goodwill to determine the amount of impairment loss. We may bypass the two-step quantitative impairment test when we determine based on a qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not
that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount including goodwill.  

 As
of December 31, 2013, our goodwill consisted entirely of goodwill assigned to reporting units of our Hughes segment in connection with the 2011 acquisition of Hughes
Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Hughes Acquisition"). We test the goodwill related to the Hughes segment annually in our second fiscal quarter. In the second quarter of 2013, we
determined based on a qualitative assessment that it was more likely than not that the fair values of our Hughes reporting units exceeded their carrying amounts including goodwill. Our qualitative
assessment considered the results of our quantitative annual impairment test in 2012 and generally favorable trends in the operations of the reporting units and in other significant inputs that would
be used to determine fair value. Depending on our assessment of future events and changes in circumstances, we may be required to perform the two-step quantitative impairment test in the future. We
may determine that some or all of our goodwill is impaired in connection with future impairment tests.  

 Our
indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of regulatory authorizations for the use of spectrum in specified orbital locations. We test these intangible assets annually in our fourth
fiscal quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. We recognize an impairment loss in the determination of operating income when we
determine that the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value. Fair value is  

 74 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


 determined
primarily using discounted cash flow techniques reflecting the estimated cash flows and discount rate that we believe would be assumed by market participants. Our cash flow projections
typically include significant assumptions based on unobservable inputs. Changes in economic conditions, laws and regulations, technology, competition and other factors could affect the assumptions
reflected in our fair value estimates and may result in future intangible asset impairments.  

  Business Combinations   

 When we acquire a business, we assign the purchase price to the acquired assets and liabilities based upon their fair value using various valuation
techniques, including the market approach, income approach, and/or cost approach. The accounting standard for business combinations requires most identifiable assets, liabilities, noncontrolling
interests and goodwill acquired to be recorded at fair value. Transaction costs related to the acquisition of the business are expensed as incurred. Costs associated with the issuance of debt
associated with a business combination are capitalized and included as a yield adjustment to the underlying debt's stated rate. Acquired intangible assets other than goodwill are amortized over their
estimated useful lives unless the lives are determined to be indefinite. Amortization of these intangible assets is recorded on a straight line basis over an average finite useful life primarily
ranging from approximately one to twenty years or in relation to the estimated discounted cash flows over the life of the intangible.  

  Revenue Recognition   

 Our Hughes segment enters into contracts to design, develop, and deliver telecommunication networks to customers in our enterprise and mobile
satellite systems markets. These contracts for telecommunication networks require significant effort to develop and construct the network, over an extended time period. Revenue under these contracts
is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. Depending on the nature of the deliverables in each arrangement, we recognize revenue under the cost-to-cost method or the units
of delivery method. Under the cost-to-cost method, sales are recorded equivalent to costs incurred plus a portion of the profit expected to be realized, based on the ratio of costs incurred to
estimated total costs at completion. Under the units of delivery method, sales are recorded as products are delivered and costs are recognized based on the expected profit for the entire agreement.
Profits expected to be realized on long-term contracts are based on estimates of total revenue and costs at completion. These estimates are reviewed and revised periodically throughout the lives of
the contracts, and adjustments to profits resulting from such revisions are recorded in the accounting period in which the revisions are made. Estimated losses on contracts are recorded in the period
in which they are identified. Changes in our estimates related to revenue recognition for these contracts could result in significant changes in our revenue or costs, which could be material to our
consolidated results of operations.  

  Income Taxes   

 We record the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and amounts reported in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Determining necessary valuation allowances requires us to make assessments about the timing of future
events, including the probability of expected future taxable income and available tax planning opportunities. We periodically evaluate our need for a valuation allowance based on both historical
evidence, including trends, and future expectations in each reporting period. Any such valuation allowance is recorded in either "Income tax benefit (provision), net" in our Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) or "Accumulated other  

 75 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued  


 comprehensive
income (loss)" within "Stockholders' equity" in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Future performance could have a significant effect on the realization of tax benefits, or reversals of
valuation allowances, as reported in our consolidated results of operations.  

 Management
evaluates the recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions based on applicable tax law, regulations, case law, administrative rulings and pronouncements, and the facts and
circumstances surrounding the tax position. Changes in our estimates related to the recognition and measurement of the amount recorded for uncertain tax positions could result in significant changes
in our "Income tax benefit (provision), net" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) which could be material to our consolidated results of operations.  

  Contingent Liabilities   

 A significant amount of management judgment is required in determining whether an accrual should be recorded for a loss contingency and the amount of
such accrual. Estimates generally are developed in consultation with counsel and are based on an analysis of potential outcomes. Due to the uncertainty of determining the likelihood of a future event
occurring and the potential financial statement impact of such an event, it is possible that upon further development or resolution of a contingent matter, a charge could be recorded in a future
period in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) which could be material to our consolidated results of operations and financial position. We record an accrual for
litigation and other loss contingencies when we determine that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss can be
reasonably estimated. Legal fees and other costs of defending litigation are charged to expense as incurred.  

  New Accounting Pronouncements   

 For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this
report. We do not anticipate that any recently issued accounting pronouncements will have a significant effect on our consolidated financial statements.  


  Seasonality   

 For our EchoStar Technologies segment, we are affected by seasonality to the extent it impacts our customers as a result of their sales and promotion
activities, which can vary from year to year. Although the seasonal impacts have not been significant, historically, the first half of the year generally produces fewer new subscribers for the pay-TV
industry than the second half of the year. However, we cannot provide assurance that this trend will continue in the future.  

 For
our Hughes segment, service revenue is generally not impacted by seasonal fluctuations other than those related to fluctuations related to sales and promotional activities. However, like many
communications infrastructure equipment vendors, a higher amount of our hardware revenue occur in the second half of the year due to our customers' annual procurement and budget cycles. Large
enterprises and operators often allocate their capital expenditure budgets at the beginning of their fiscal year (which often coincides with the calendar year). The typical sales cycle for large
complex system procurements is six to 12 months, which often results in the customer expenditure occurring towards the end of the year. Customers often seek to expend the budgeted funds prior
to the end of the year and the next budget cycle. In the Hughes consumer business, we see a similar seasonality for consumer acquisitions, and therefore hardware revenue, as is seen in the consumer
and retail sectors where the first and fourth calendar quarters tend to be higher than the second and third quarters.  

 76 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

  Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Continued   

 Our
EchoStar Satellite Services segment is not generally affected by seasonal impacts.  

  Inflation   

 Inflation has not materially affected our operations during the past three years. We believe that our ability to increase the prices charged for our
products and services in future periods will depend primarily on competitive pressures or contractual terms.  


   
   
     Item 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          

  Market Risks Associated with Financial Instruments and Foreign Currency   

 Our investments and debt are exposed to market risks, discussed below.  

  Cash, Cash Equivalents and Current Marketable Investment Securities   

 As of December 31, 2013, our cash, cash equivalents and current marketable investment securities had a fair value of $1.62 billion. Of
this amount, a total of $1.59 billion was invested in: (a) cash; (b) commercial paper and corporate notes with an overall average maturity of less than one year and rated in one
of the four highest rating categories by at least two nationally recognized statistical rating organizations; (c) VRDNs convertible into cash at par value plus accrued interest generally in
five business days or less; (d) debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies; and/or (e) instruments with similar risk, duration and credit quality characteristics to the
commercial paper and corporate obligations described above. The primary purpose of these investing activities has been to preserve principal until the cash is required to, among other things, fund
operations, make strategic investments and expand the business. Consequently, the size of this portfolio fluctuates significantly as cash is received and used in our business. The value of this
portfolio may be negatively impacted by credit losses; however, this risk is mitigated through diversification that limits our exposure to any one issuer.  

  Interest Rate Risk   

 A change in interest rates would not affect the fair value of our cash, or materially affect the fair value of our cash equivalents due to their
maturities of less than 90 days. A change in interest rates would affect the fair value of our current marketable debt securities portfolio; however, we normally hold these investments to
maturity. Based on our current non-strategic investment portfolio of $1.59 billion as of December 31, 2013, a hypothetical 10% change in average interest rates during 2013 would not have
a material impact on the fair value of our cash, cash equivalents and debt securities portfolio due to the limited duration of our investments.  

 Our
cash, cash equivalents and current marketable debt securities had an average annual rate of return for the year ended December 31, 2013 of 1.1%. A change in interest rates would affect our
future annual interest income from this portfolio, since funds would be re-invested at different rates as the instruments mature. A hypothetical 10% decrease in average interest rates during 2013
would have resulted in a decrease of approximately $1.4 million in annual interest income.  


  Strategic Marketable Investment Securities   

 As of December 31, 2013, we held current strategic investments in the publicly traded common stock of several public companies with a fair
value of $33.6 million. These
investments, which are held for strategic and financial purposes, are concentrated in a small number of companies, are highly  

 77 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK—Continued  

 speculative
and have experienced and continue to experience volatility. The fair value of these investments can be significantly impacted by the risk of adverse changes in securities markets
generally, as well as risks related to the performance of the companies whose securities we have invested in, risks associated with specific industries, and other factors. These investments are
subject to significant fluctuations in fair value due to the volatility of the securities markets and of the underlying businesses. In general, the debt instruments held in our strategic marketable
investment securities portfolio are not significantly impacted by interest rate fluctuations as their value is more closely related to factors specific to the underlying business. A hypothetical 10%
adverse change in the market price of our public strategic equity investments would result in a decrease of approximately $3.4 million in the fair value of these investments.  

  Restricted Cash and Marketable Investment Securities and Other Investments   

  Restricted Cash and Marketable Investment Securities   

 As of December 31, 2013, we had $16.1 million of restricted cash and marketable investment securities invested in: (a) cash;
(b) VRDNs convertible into cash at par value plus accrued interest generally in five business days or less; (c) debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies;
(d) commercial paper and corporate notes with an overall average maturity of less than one year and rated in one of the four highest rating categories by at least two nationally recognized
statistical rating organizations; and (e) instruments with similar risk, duration and credit quality characteristics to the commercial paper described above. Based on our investment portfolio
as of December 31, 2013, a hypothetical 10% increase in average interest rates would not have a material impact on the fair value of our restricted cash and marketable investment securities.  


  Other Investments   

 As of December 31, 2013, we had $169.8 million of noncurrent equity instruments that we hold for strategic business purposes and
account for under the cost or equity methods of accounting. The fair value of these instruments is not readily determinable. We periodically review these investments and estimate fair value when there
are indications of impairment. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of these debt and equity instruments would result in a decrease of approximately $17.0 million in the value of
these investments.  

 Our
ability to realize value from our strategic investments in companies that are not publicly traded depends on the success of those companies' businesses and their ability to obtain sufficient
capital to execute their business plans. Because private markets are not as liquid as public markets, there is also increased risk that we will not be able to sell these investments, or that when we
desire to sell them we will not be able to obtain fair value for them.  

  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk   

 We generally conduct our business in U.S. dollars. Our international business is conducted in a variety of foreign currencies and it is therefore
exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our objective in managing our exposure to foreign currency changes is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with foreign
exchange rate fluctuations. Accordingly, we may enter into foreign exchange contracts to mitigate risks associated with foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities, commitments and anticipated
foreign currency transactions. As of December 31, 2013, we had $27.3 million of foreign currency denominated receivables and payables outstanding, and foreign currency forward contracts
with a notional value of $8.4 million in place to partially mitigate foreign  

 78 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK—Continued  


 currency
exchange risk. The estimated fair values of the foreign exchange contracts were not material as of December 31, 2013. The impact of a hypothetical 10% adverse change in exchange rates
on the carrying amount of the net assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries would be an estimated loss of $24.6 million as of December 31, 2013.  

  Derivative Financial Instruments   

 We generally do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes and we generally do not apply hedge accounting treatment to our
derivative financial instruments. We evaluate our derivative financial instruments from time to time but there can be no assurance that we will not enter into additional foreign currency forward
contracts, or take other measures, in the future to mitigate our foreign exchange risk.  

   
   
     Item 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

 
Our Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Item 15 of this report beginning on page F-4.  


   
   
     Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          

 
None.  

   
   
     Item 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          

  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.  

  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934) that occurred during our most
recent fiscal quarter of 2013 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We continue to review our internal control over
financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing its effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business.  

  Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
GAAP.  

 79 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Item 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES—Continued  

 Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:  

 
 
 (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets;
 (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and
that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and our directors; and
 (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a
material effect on our financial statements.  
 

 Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

 Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (1992) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2013.  

 The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in
their report which appears in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

   
   
     Item 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION          

  Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction .  

 On
February 20, 2014, EchoStar entered into agreements with DISH Network to implement a transaction pursuant to which, among other things: (i) on
March 1, 2014, EchoStar will issue two series of preferred tracking stocks in exchange for the transfer by DISH Network of five satellites (including related in-orbit incentive obligations and
interest payments of
approximately $58.9 million) and approximately $11.4 million in cash; and (ii) beginning on March 1, 2014, we will lease to DISH certain satellite capacity on these five
satellites (collectively, the "Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction").   

   
       Item 1.01.    Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement .     


  Transaction Agreement.     On February 20, 2014, EchoStar Corporation, Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ("HSS"), and certain of our other subsidiaries
entered into a Transaction Agreement (the "Transaction Agreement") with DISH Operating L.L.C. ("DOLLC") and DISH Network L.L.C. ("DNLLC" and, together with DOLLC, the "DISH Investors"), each an
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH Network Corporation ("DISH Network"), and EchoStar XI Holding L.L.C., a wholly-owned subsidiary of DNLLC, pursuant to which on March 1, 2014, EchoStar
Corporation and HSS will among other things, issue an aggregate of 6,290,499 shares (the "EchoStar Tracking Stock") and 81.128 shares (the "HSS Tracking Stock", and together with the EchoStar Tracking
Stock, the "Tracking Stock"), respectively, of preferred tracking stock to the DISH Investors in exchange for the transfer by the DISH Investors and their respective subsidiaries, as applicable, to
EchoStar Corporation and HSS, as applicable, five satellites (EchoStar I, EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI and  

 80 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


  Item 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION—Continued  

 EchoStar XIV) (including
related in-orbit incentive obligations of approximately $58.9 million) and approximately $11.4 million in cash (the "Transaction"). The Tracking
Stock will generally track the residential retail satellite broadband business of Hughes Network Systems, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of HSS ("Hughes"), including without limitation the
operations, assets and liabilities attributed to the Hughes residential retail satellite broadband business (collectively, the "Hughes Retail Group"). The shares of the Tracking Stock to be issued to
the DISH Investors will represent an aggregate 80.0% economic interest in the Hughes Retail Group. In addition to the remaining 20.0% economic interest in the Hughes Retail Group, EchoStar will retain
all economic interest in the wholesale satellite broadband business. The Transaction Agreement includes, among other things, customary mutual provisions for representations, warranties and
indemnification.  

  Satellite Capacity Leased to DISH.     On February 20, 2014, we and certain subsidiaries of DISH Network
entered into certain satellite capacity agreements pursuant to which beginning March 1, 2014, DISH Network will, among other things, lease certain satellite capacity on the EchoStar I,
EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI, and EchoStar XIV satellites. The total fees for the services provided under these satellite capacity agreements depend, among other things, upon the
number of transponders on the applicable satellite and the length of the lease. The term of each satellite capacity agreement generally terminates upon the earlier of: (i) the end of life of
the satellite; (ii) the date the satellite fails; or (iii) a certain date based upon, among other things, the estimated useful life of the satellite. DISH Network generally has the
option to renew each lease on a year-to-year basis through the end of the respective satellite's life. There can be no assurance that any options to renew such agreements will be exercised.  

  Investor Rights Agreement.     On February 20, 2014, EchoStar and HSS entered into an Investor Rights Agreement (the "Investor Rights Agreement") with the DISH
Investors with respect to the Tracking Stock. The Investor Rights Agreement provides for, among other things, certain information and consultation rights for the DISH Investors; certain transfer
restrictions on the Tracking Stock and certain rights and obligations to offer and sell under certain circumstances (including a prohibition on transfer of the Tracking Stock for one year, with
continuing transfer restrictions (including right of first offer in favor of EchoStar) thereafter, an obligation to sell the Tracking Stock to us in connection with a change of control of DISH Network
and a right to require us to repurchase the Tracking Stock in connection with a change of control of EchoStar, in each case subject to certain terms and conditions; certain registration rights;
certain obligations to provide conversion and exchange rights of the Tracking Stock under certain circumstances; and certain protective covenants afforded to holders of the Tracking Stock. The
Investor Rights Agreement generally will terminate as to the DISH Investors at such time as the DISH Investors no longer hold any shares of the HSS-issued Tracking Stock and any registrable securities
under the Investor Rights Agreement.   

   
       Item 3.02.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.          

 The disclosures under Item 1.01 of this Item 9B are incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference. The Tracking Stock will be
issued and sold pursuant to the Transaction Agreement in a transaction exempt from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.  

 The
above disclosures are included under this "Item 9B Other Information" in lieu of Items 1.01 and 3.02 disclosure under a timely Form 8-K.  

 81 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   PART III          

   
       Item 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          

 The information required by this Item with respect to the identity and business experience of our directors and corporate governance will be set
forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption "Election of Directors," which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference.  


 The
information required by this Item with respect to the identity and business experience of our executive officers is set forth on page 18 of this report under the caption "Executive Officers
of the Registrant."   

   
       Item 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          

 The information required by this Item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption
"Executive Compensation and Other Information," which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference.  


   
   
   Item 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          

 The information required by this Item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the captions
"Election of Directors," "Equity Security Ownership" and "Equity Compensation Plan Information," which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference.  

   
   
   Item 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          


 The information required by this Item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption "Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions," which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference.   

   
       Item 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES          

 The information required by this Item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the caption
"Principal Accountant Fees and Services," which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference.  

 82 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART IV          

       Item 15.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES          

 
 (a) The
following documents are filed as part of this report:  

   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page  
 
 
   (1) 
   
   Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
   
 
 
   
   
   Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 
F-1 
 
 
   
   
   Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 F-2 
 
 
   
   
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 
   
 F-4 
 
 
   
   
   Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
   
 F-5 
 
 
   
   
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
   
 F-6 
 
 
   
   
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
   
 F-7 
 
 
   
   
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 F-8 
 
 
   (2) 
   
   Financial Statement Schedules 
   
 
  
 
 
   
   
   Schedule I—Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company Information Only): 
   
 
  
 
 
   
   
   Condensed Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 
   
 F-73 
 
 
   
   
   Condensed Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
   
 F-74 
 
 
   
   
   Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
   
 F-75 
 
 
   
   
   Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
   
 F-76 
 
 
   (3) 
   
   Exhibits 
   
 
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
  

  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2.1* 
   
 Form of Separation Agreement between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Amendment No. 3 of EchoStar Corporation's Form 10 dated December 28,
2007, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
   2.2* 
   
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between EchoStar Corporation, EchoStar Satellite Services L.L.C., Broadband Acquisition Corporation and Hughes Communications, Inc. dated as of February 13, 2011 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Hughes Communications, Inc. filed February 15, 2011, Commission File No. 1-33040).**** 
 
 
   3.1* 
   
 Articles of Incorporation of EchoStar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 1 of EchoStar Corporation's Form 10 dated December 12, 2007, Commission File
No. 001-33807), as amended by the Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of EchoStar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to EchoStar Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 25, 2008, Commission
File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
   3.2* 
   
 Bylaws of EchoStar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 1 of EchoStar Corporation's Form 10 dated December 12, 2007, Commission File
No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 
  
  83 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   4.1* 
   
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate of EchoStar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 3 of EchoStar Corporation's Form 10 dated December 28, 2007, Commission
File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
   4.2* 
   
 Indenture relating to the EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation) 6 1 / 2 % Senior Secured Notes due 2019, dated as of June 1, 2011, by and among EH
Holding Corporation, the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to EchoStar Corporation's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed June 2, 2011, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
   4.3* 
   
 Indenture relating to the EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation) 7 5 / 8 % Senior Notes due 2021, dated as of June 1, 2011, by and among EH Holding
Corporation, the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to EchoStar Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 2, 2011,
Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
   4.4* 
   
 Supplemental Indenture relating to the 6 1 / 2 % Senior Secured Notes due 2019 of EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation), dated as of June 8, 2011,
by and among EH Holding Corporation, the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to EchoStar Corporation's Current
Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2011, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
   4.5* 
   
 Supplemental Indenture relating to the 7 5 / 8 % Senior Notes due 2021 of EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation), dated as of June 8, 2011, by and
among EH Holding Corporation, the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to EchoStar Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
June 9, 2011, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
   4.6* 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2011, among EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation), the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto and Deutsche
Bank Securities Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to EchoStar Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 2, 2011, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
   4.7* 
   
 Security Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2011, among EH Holding Corporation (currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation), the guarantors listed on the signature pages thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to EchoStar Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2011, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.1* 
   
 Form of Tax Sharing Agreement between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 3 of EchoStar Corporation's Form 10 dated
December 28, 2007, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.2* 
   
 Form of Employee Matters Agreement between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 3 of EchoStar Corporation's Form 10 dated
December 28, 2007, Commission File No. 001-33807).** 
 
 
 
  
  84 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 10.3* 
   
 Form of Intellectual Property Matters Agreement between EchoStar Corporation, EchoStar Acquisition L.L.C., Echosphere L.L.C., DISH DBS Corporation, EIC Spain SL, EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 3 of EchoStar Corporation's Form 10 dated December 28, 2007, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.5* 
   
 Manufacturing Agreement, dated as of March 22, 1995, between HTS and SCI Technology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Dish Ltd.,
Commission File No. 33-81234). 
 
 
 10.6* 
   
 Agreement between HTS, DISH Network L.L.C. and ExpressVu Inc., dated January 8, 1997, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of DISH Network
Corporation for the year ended December 31, 1996, as amended, Commission File No. 0-26176). 
 
 
 10.7* 
   
 Agreement to Form NagraStar L.L.C., dated as of June 23, 1998, by and between Kudelski S.A., DISH Network Corporation and DISH Network L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of DISH Network Corporation for the year ended December 31, 1998, Commission File No. 0-26176). 
 
 
 10.8* 
   
 Satellite Service Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2003, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.9* 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to Satellite Service Agreement dated March 31, 2003 between SES Americom Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2003, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.10* 
   
 Satellite Service Agreement dated as of August 13, 2003 between SES Americom Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2003, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.11* 
   
 Satellite Service Agreement, dated February 19, 2004, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended March 31, 2004, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.12* 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated March 10, 2004, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended March 31, 2004, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.13* 
   
 Amendment No. 3 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated February 19, 2004, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended March 31, 2004, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.14* 
   
 Amendment No. 2 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated April 30, 2004, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended June 30, 2004, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 
  
  85 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 10.15* 
   
 Amendment No. 4 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated October 21, 2004, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of DISH Network Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2004, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.16* 
   
 Amendment No. 3 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated November 19, 2004 between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of DISH Network Corporation for the year ended December 1, 2004, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.17* 
   
 Amendment No. 5 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated November 19, 2004, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of DISH Network Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2004, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.18* 
   
 Amendment No. 6 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated December 20, 2004, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of DISH Network Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2004, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.19* 
   
 Amendment No. 4 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated April 6, 2005, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended June 30, 2005, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.20* 
   
 Amendment No. 5 to Satellite Service Agreement, dated June 20, 2005, between SES Americom, Inc., DISH Network L.L.C. and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DISH Network Corporation for the quarter ended June 30, 2005, Commission File No. 0-26176).*** 
 
 
 10.21* 
   
 Form of EchoStar Corporation 2008 Class B CEO Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Amendment No. 3 of EchoStar Corporation's Form 10 dated December 28, 2007,
Commission File No. 001-33807).** 
 
 
 10.22* 
   
 Form of Satellite Capacity Agreement between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network L.L.C. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 of EchoStar Corporation filed on
December 26, 2007, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.23* 
   
 Pricing Agreement, dated March 11, 2008, by and among EchoStar Technologies L.L.C., Bell ExpressVu Inc., in its capacity as General Partner of Bell ExpressVu Limited Partnership, Bell Distribution Inc.,
and Bell Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EchoStar Corporation for the quarter ended March 31, 2008, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.24* 
   
 QuetzSat-1 Satellite Service Agreement, dated November 24, 2008, between SES Latin America S.A. and EchoStar 77 Corporation, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of EchoStar Corporation (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EchoStar Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 
  
  86 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 10.25* 
   
 QuetzSat-1 Transponder Service Agreement, dated November 24, 2008, between EchoStar 77 Corporation, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of EchoStar Corporation, and DISH Network L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.25 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EchoStar Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.26* 
   
 Bell TV Pricing Amendment, dated February 6, 2009, between EchoStar Corporation and Bell TV (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EchoStar Corporation for the
year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.27* 
   
 Amended and Restated EchoStar Corporation 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to EchoStar Corporation's Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14 filed March 31, 2009, Commission File
No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.28* 
   
 Amended and Restated EchoStar Corporation 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to EchoStar Corporation's Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14 filed March 31, 2009, Commission File
No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.29* 
   
 Amended and Restated EchoStar Corporation 2008 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to EchoStar Corporation's Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14 filed March 31, 2009,
Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.30* 
   
 NIMIQ 5 Whole RF Channel Service Agreement, dated September 15, 2009, between Telesat Canada and EchoStar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
EchoStar Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.31* 
   
 NIMIQ 5 Whole RF Channel Service Agreement, dated September 15, 2009, between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of EchoStar Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.32* 
   
 Professional Services Agreement, dated August 4, 2009, between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
EchoStar Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.33* 
   
 Allocation Agreement, dated August 4, 2009, between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EchoStar
Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.34* 
   
 Amendment to form of Satellite Capacity Agreement (Form A) between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EchoStar
Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.35* 
   
 Amendment to Form of Satellite Capacity Agreement (Form B) between EchoStar Satellite Services L.L.C. and DISH Network L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of EchoStar Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 
  
  87 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 10.36* 
   
 EchoStar XVI Satellite Transponder Service Agreement between EchoStar Satellite Operating Corporation and DISH Network L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
EchoStar Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.37* 
   
 Assignment of Rights Under Launch Service Contract from EchoStar Corporation to DISH Orbital II L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EchoStar
Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2009, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.38* 
   
 Contract between Hughes Network Systems, LLC and Space Systems/Loral, Inc. for the Hughes Jupiter Satellite Program dated June 8, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of Hughes Communications, Inc. filed August 7, 2009 (File No. 001-33040)).*** 
 
 
 10.39* 
   
 Launch Services Agreement by and between Hughes Network Systems, LLC and Arianespace dated April 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hughes
Network Systems, LLC filed August 4, 2010 (File No. 333-138009)).*** 
 
 
 10.40* 
   
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2005 between Hughes Network Systems, LLC and Pradman Kaul (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Hughes
Communications, Inc. filed December 5, 2005 (File No. 333-130136)). 
 
 
 10.41* 
   
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2010 between Hughes Communications, Inc. and Pradman Kaul (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Hughes Communications, Inc. filed March 3, 2011 (File No. 001-33040)). 
 
 
 10.42* 
   
 Memorandum of Understanding, dated May 6, 2011 among EchoStar Global B.V., EchoStar Technologies L.L.C., Bell ExpressVu Inc., Bell ExpressVu Limited Partnership, Bell Mobility Inc., and Bell Canada
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EchoStar Corporation filed August 9, 2011, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.43* 
   
 Cost Allocation Agreement, dated April 29, 2011, between EchoStar Corporation and DISH Network Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EchoStar
Corporation filed August 9, 2011, Commission File No. 001-33807). 
 
 
 10.44* 
   
 Settlement and Patent License between TiVo Inc. and DISH Network Corporation and EchoStar Corporation, dated as of April 29, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q/A of EchoStar Corporation filed February 21, 2012, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.45* 
   
 Receiver Agreement dated January 1, 2012 between Echosphere L.L.C and EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EchoStar Corporation
filed May 7, 2012, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 10.46* 
   
 Broadcast Agreement dated January 1, 2012 between EchoStar Broadcasting Corporation and DISH Network L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of EchoStar
Corporation, filed May 7, 2012, Commission File No. 001-33807).*** 
 
 
 
  
  88 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 10.47 
   
 First Amendment to EchoStar XVI Satellite Transponder Service Agreement, dated December 21, 2012 between EchoStar Satellite Operating Corporation and DISH Network L.L.C.*** 
 
 
 21(H) 
   
 Subsidiaries of EchoStar Corporation. 
 
 
 23(H) 
   
 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
 24(H) 
   
 Powers of Attorney of Charles W. Ergen, R. Stanton Dodge, Anthony M. Federico, Pradman P. Kaul, Tom A. Ortolf and C. Michael Schroeder. 
 
 
 31.1(H) 
   
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 
 31.2(H) 
   
 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 
 32.1(H) 
   
 Section 906 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 
 101 
   
 The following materials from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EchoStar Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed on February 21, 2014, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language
("XBRL"): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows,
and (v) related notes to these financial statements. 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (H) Filed
herewith.
 * Incorporated
by reference.
 ** Constitutes
a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
 *** Certain
portions of the exhibit have been omitted and separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with a request for confidential
treatment.
 **** Schedules
and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. We agree to furnish supplementally to the Securities
and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit upon request, subject to our right to request confidential treatment of any requested schedule or exhibit.   
  
  89 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   SIGNATURES          

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 ECHOSTAR CORPORATION 
 
 
 
  
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ DAVID J. RAYNER 


 

    David J. Rayner   Executive Vice President, 
Chief Financial Officer, and 
Treasurer 
 
 
 
  
  Date:
February 21, 2014  

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 /s/ MICHAEL T. DUGAN 



 

    Michael T. Dugan 
   
 Chief Executive Officer, President 
and Director   (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 February 21, 2014 
 
 
 
/s/ DAVID J. RAYNER 


 

    David J. Rayner 
   
 Executive Vice President, 
Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer   (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   
 February 21, 2014 
 
 
 
* 


 

    Charles W. Ergen 
   
 Chairman 
   
 February 21, 2014 
 
 
 
* 


 

    R. Stanton Dodge 
   
 Director 
   
 February 21, 2014 
 
 
 
* 


 

    Anthony M. Federico 
   
 Director 
   
 February 21, 2014 
 
 
 
* 


 

    Pradman P. Kaul 
   
 Director 
   
 February 21, 2014 
 
 
 
  
  90 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Signature

 

  
   
 Title

 

  
   
 Date

 

  
 
 
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 * 



 

    Tom A. Ortolf 
   
 Director 
   
 February 21, 2014 
 
 
 
* 


 

    C. Michael Schroeder 
   
 Director 
   
 February 21, 2014 
 
 
 *By: 
   
 /s/ DEAN A. MANSON 


 

    Dean A. Manson 
Attorney-in-Fact 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  91 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   


 
   

  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  Consolidated Financial Statements:   

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 F-1 
 
 
   Report of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 F-2 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 
   
 F-4 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011 
   
 F-5 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
   
 F-6 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
   
 F-7 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 F-8 
 
 
 
 
  
  F-1 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
   

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

 The
Board of Directors and Stockholders 
EchoStar Corporation:  

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EchoStar Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013 and the financial statement
schedules I and II. We also have audited EchoStar Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). EchoStar Corporation's management is responsible for these
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules, and an opinion on EchoStar Corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.  

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinions.  

 A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

 Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

 In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of EchoStar Corporation and subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2013 and
2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.  

 F-2 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 Also,
in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein. Also in our opinion, EchoStar Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013,
based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the COSO.  

 /s/
KPMG LLP 
Denver, Colorado 
February 21, 2014  

 F-3 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 
   

   
       ECHOSTAR CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS              (In thousands, except share amounts)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 634,119 
   
 $ 
 731,614 
   
 
 
   Marketable investment securities 
   
   
 986,533 
   
   
 815,951 
   
 
 
   Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $13,237 and $16,894, respectively 
   
   
 159,292 
   
   
 211,373 
   
 
 
   Trade accounts receivable—DISH Network, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of zero 
   
   
 355,135 
   
   
 281,845 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 66,084 
   
   
 84,348 
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses 
   
   
 55,400 
   
   
 55,299 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
   
 69,633 
   
   
 23,317 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 29,930 
   
   
 10,902 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 2,356,126 
   
   
 2,214,649 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Noncurrent Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Restricted cash and marketable investment securities 
   
   
 16,137 
   
   
 29,045 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $2,499,889 and $2,261,699, respectively 
   
   
 2,546,377 
   
   
 2,612,284 
   
 
 
   Regulatory authorizations, net 
   
   
 583,900 
   
   
 562,712 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 504,173 
   
   
 507,924 
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 262,039 
   
   
 347,496 
   
 
 
   Other investments 
   
   
 169,771 
   
   
 183,211 
   
 
 
   Other receivable—DISH Network 
   
   
 89,811 
   
   
 1,070 
   
 
 
   Other noncurrent assets, net 
   
   
 173,629 
   
   
 141,842 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total noncurrent assets 
   
   
 4,345,837 
   
   
 4,385,584 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 6,701,963 
   
 $ 
 6,600,233 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Trade accounts payable 
   
 $ 
 201,416 
   
 $ 
 284,728 
   
 
 
   Trade accounts payable—DISH Network 
   
   
 55,743 
   
   
 26,960 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 69,791 
   
   
 67,706 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue and other 
   
   
 57,592 
   
   
 47,652 
   
 
 
   Accrued compensation 
   
   
 30,940 
   
   
 29,008 
   
 
 
   Accrued royalties 
   
   
 24,010 
   
   
 18,034 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses and other 
   
   
 118,953 
   
   
 113,237 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 558,445 
   
   
 587,325 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Noncurrent Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Long-term debt and capital lease obligations, net of current portion 
   
   
 2,352,597 
   
   
 2,420,793 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 488,206 
   
   
 373,447 
   
 
 
   Long-term deferred revenue and other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 76,484 
   
   
 68,441 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total noncurrent liabilities 
   
   
 2,917,287 
   
   
 2,862,681 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 3,475,732 
   
   
 3,450,006 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Commitments and Contingencies (Note 16) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Stockholders' Equity: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Preferred Stock, $.001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Class A common stock, $.001 par value, 1,600,000,000 shares authorized, 48,370,956 and 45,449,362 shares issued, and 42,838,638 and 39,917,044 shares
outstanding, respectively 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 45 
   
 
 
   Class B common stock, $.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, 47,687,039 shares issued and outstanding 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
   Class C common stock, $.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Class D common stock, $.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 3,502,005 
   
   
 3,394,646 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") 
   
   
 (14,655 
 ) 
   
 18,752 
   
 
 
   Accumulated deficit 
   
   
 (171,914 
 ) 
   
 (174,439 
 ) 
 
 
   Treasury stock, at cost 
   
   
 (98,162 
 ) 
   
 (98,162 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total EchoStar stockholders' equity 
   
   
 3,217,370 
   
   
 3,140,890 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 8,861 
   
   
 9,337 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total stockholders' equity 
   
   
 3,226,231 
   
   
 3,150,227 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
   
 $ 
 6,701,963 
   
 $ 
 6,600,233 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 F-4 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   

   
       ECHOSTAR CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)              (In thousands, except per share amounts)     
 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equipment revenue—DISH Network 
   
 $ 
 1,311,446 
   
 $ 
 1,028,588 
   
 $ 
 1,158,293 
   
 
 
   Equipment revenue—other 
   
   
 347,910 
   
   
 621,495 
   
   
 513,504 
   
 
 
   Services and other revenue—DISH Network 
   
   
 620,189 
   
   
 515,176 
   
   
 496,636 
   
 
 
   Services and other revenue—other 
   
   
 1,002,907 
   
   
 956,445 
   
   
 592,998 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 3,282,452 
   
   
 3,121,704 
   
   
 2,761,431 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Costs and Expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost of sales—equipment (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
   
   
 1,430,777 
   
   
 1,397,512 
   
   
 1,414,791 
   
 
 
   Cost of sales—services and other (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
   
   
 776,121 
   
   
 691,922 
   
   
 492,702 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 357,432 
   
   
 367,816 
   
   
 288,575 
   
 
 
   General and administrative expenses—DISH Network 
   
   
 1,067 
   
   
 4,828 
   
   
 14,701 
   
 
 
   Research and development expenses 
   
   
 67,942 
   
   
 69,649 
   
   
 50,966 
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 507,111 
   
   
 457,326 
   
   
 385,894 
   
 
 
   Impairment of long-lived assets 
   
   
 38,415 
   
   
 32,765 
   
   
 32,964 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 3,178,865 
   
   
 3,021,818 
   
   
 2,680,593 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 103,587 
   
   
 99,886 
   
   
 80,838 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Other Income (Expense): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 14,656 
   
   
 11,176 
   
   
 10,821 
   
 
 
   Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized 
   
   
 (192,554 
 ) 
   
 (153,029 
 ) 
   
 (82,593 
 ) 
 
 
   Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments (includes reclassification of realized gains on available-for-sale ("AFS")
securities out of AOCI of $36,312, $175,223, and $6,637, respectively), net 
   
   
 38,341 
   
   
 177,558 
   
   
 13,666 
   
 
 
   Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15,871 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net 
   
   
 (5,024 
 ) 
   
 (438 
 ) 
   
 11,860 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 6,958 
   
   
 59,531 
   
   
 (24,688 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other income (expense), net 
   
   
 (137,623 
 ) 
   
 94,798 
   
   
 (55,063 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
   
   
 (34,036 
 ) 
   
 194,684 
   
   
 25,775 
   
 
 
   Income tax benefit (provision), net 
   
   
 37,437 
   
   
 16,329 
   
   
 (21,501 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 3,401 
   
   
 211,013 
   
   
 4,274 
   
 
 
   Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 876 
   
   
 (35 
 ) 
   
 635 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted-average common shares outstanding—Class A and B common stock: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 89,405 
   
   
 87,150 
   
   
 86,223 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 90,952 
   
   
 87,959 
   
   
 87,089 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings per share—Class A and B common stock: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 0.03 
   
 $ 
 2.42 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 0.03 
   
 $ 
 2.40 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 3,401 
   
 $ 
 211,013 
   
 $ 
 4,274 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
   
 (16,394 
 ) 
   
 (2,501 
 ) 
   
 (15,298 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities and other 
   
   
 18,413 
   
   
 30,799 
   
   
 (1,276 
 ) 
 
 
   Recognition of previously unrealized gains on AFS securities in net income 
   
   
 (36,312 
 ) 
   
 (175,223 
 ) 
   
 (6,637 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
   
 (34,293 
 ) 
   
 (146,925 
 ) 
   
 (23,211 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (30,892 
 ) 
   
 64,088 
   
   
 (18,937 
 ) 
 
 
   Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (10 
 ) 
   
 59 
   
   
 (568 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 (30,882 
 ) 
 $ 
 64,029 
   
 $ 
 (18,369 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 F-5 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 
   

   
       ECHOSTAR CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY              (In thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Class 
A and B 
Common 
Stock  
   
 Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss)  
   
 Accumulated 
Deficit  
   
 Treasury 
Stock  
   
 Noncontrolling 
Interests  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Balance, January 1, 2011 
   
 $ 
 91 
   
 $ 
 3,311,405 
   
 $ 
 188,982 
   
 $ 
 (389,126 
 ) 
 $ 
 (98,162 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 3,013,190 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Issuances of Class A common stock: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 25,609 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 25,611 
   
 
 
   Employee benefits 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,046 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,046 
   
 
 
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,177 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,177 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 16,064 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 16,064 
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,639 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 635 
   
   
 4,274 
   
 
 
   Unrealized losses on AFS securities, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (7,913 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (7,913 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (15,298 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,203 
 ) 
   
 (16,501 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisition of Hughes Communications 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,678 
   
   
 9,678 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance, December 31, 2011 
   
   
 93 
   
   
 3,360,301 
   
   
 165,771 
   
   
 (385,487 
 ) 
   
 (98,162 
 ) 
   
 9,110 
   
   
 3,051,626 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Issuances of Class A common stock: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11,469 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11,469 
   
 
 
   Employee benefits 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,282 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,282 
   
 
 
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,929 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,929 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,585 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,585 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 80 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 168 
   
   
 248 
   
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 211,048 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (35 
 ) 
   
 211,013 
   
 
 
   Unrealized losses on AFS securities, net and other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (144,424 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (144,424 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,595 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 94 
   
   
 (2,501 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance, December 31, 2012 
   
   
 93 
   
   
 3,394,646 
   
   
 18,752 
   
   
 (174,439 
 ) 
   
 (98,162 
 ) 
   
 9,337 
   
   
 3,150,227 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Issuances of Class A common stock: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 61,461 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 61,464 
   
 
 
   Employee benefits 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,761 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,761 
   
 
 
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,783 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,783 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18,353 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18,353 
   
 
 
   Excess tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12,663 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12,663 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 338 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (466 
 ) 
   
 (128 
 ) 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,525 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 876 
   
   
 3,401 
   
 
 
   Unrealized losses on AFS securities, net and other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (17,899 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (17,899 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (15,508 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (886 
 ) 
   
 (16,394 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 96 
   
 $ 
 3,502,005 
   
 $ 
 (14,655 
 ) 
 $ 
 (171,914 
 ) 
 $ 
 (98,162 
 ) 
 $ 
 8,861 
   
 $ 
 3,226,231 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 F-6 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 
   

   
       ECHOSTAR CORPORATION              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS              (In thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 3,401 
   
 $ 
 211,013 
   
 $ 
 4,274 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 507,111 
   
   
 457,326 
   
   
 385,894 
   
 
 
   Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net 
   
   
 (38,341 
 ) 
   
 (177,558 
 ) 
   
 (13,666 
 ) 
 
 
   Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (15,871 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated affiliates, net 
   
   
 5,024 
   
   
 438 
   
   
 (11,860 
 ) 
 
 
   Impairment of long-lived assets 
   
   
 38,415 
   
   
 32,765 
   
   
 32,964 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 18,353 
   
   
 14,585 
   
   
 16,064 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax benefit 
   
   
 (35,780 
 ) 
   
 (1,075 
 ) 
   
 (8,974 
 ) 
 
 
   Changes in current assets and current liabilities, net: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Trade accounts receivable 
   
   
 42,580 
   
   
 1,357 
   
   
 (9,139 
 ) 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 (2,995 
 ) 
   
 (1,590 
 ) 
   
 10,841 
   
 
 
   Trade accounts receivable—DISH Network 
   
   
 (77,790 
 ) 
   
 (56,735 
 ) 
   
 8,145 
   
 
 
   Inventory 
   
   
 16,529 
   
   
 (16,109 
 ) 
   
 21,488 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 5,182 
   
   
 10,447 
   
   
 35,681 
   
 
 
   Trade accounts payable 
   
   
 (76,497 
 ) 
   
 65,577 
   
   
 (12,193 
 ) 
 
 
   Trade accounts payable—DISH Network 
   
   
 28,783 
   
   
 10,597 
   
   
 2,219 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses and other 
   
   
 38,085 
   
   
 (18,197 
 ) 
   
 (3,078 
 ) 
 
 
   Changes in noncurrent assets and noncurrent liabilities, net 
   
   
 (41,650 
 ) 
   
 (42,302 
 ) 
   
 2,058 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 20,097 
   
   
 14,610 
   
   
 2,171 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash flows from operating activities 
   
   
 450,507 
   
   
 505,149 
   
   
 447,018 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchases of marketable investment securities 
   
   
 (1,080,437 
 ) 
   
 (971,154 
 ) 
   
 (2,051,444 
 ) 
 
 
   Sales and maturities of marketable investment securities 
   
   
 912,030 
   
   
 1,248,748 
   
   
 1,981,197 
   
 
 
   Purchases of property and equipment 
   
   
 (391,873 
 ) 
   
 (513,005 
 ) 
   
 (377,172 
 ) 
 
 
   Changes in restricted cash and marketable investment securities 
   
   
 12,908 
   
   
 (4,759 
 ) 
   
 (1,624 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisition of Hughes Communications, net of cash acquired of $98,900 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,075,713 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisition of regulatory authorizations 
   
   
 (41,748 
 ) 
   
 (98,477 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from asset transfer to DISH Network 
   
   
 40,398 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchase of strategic investments 
   
   
 (7,428 
 ) 
   
 (2,608 
 ) 
   
 (73,047 
 ) 
 
 
   Distribution received from investment in affiliates 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,500 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from sale of strategic investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 712,935 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (14,139 
 ) 
   
 (13,026 
 ) 
   
 (3,177 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash flows from investing activities 
   
   
 (570,289 
 ) 
   
 (346,781 
 ) 
   
 (1,888,045 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net proceeds from Class A common stock options exercised and stock issued under the 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
   
   
 71,247 
   
   
 15,398 
   
   
 28,718 
   
 
 
   Repayment of long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 (68,225 
 ) 
   
 (60,022 
 ) 
   
 (59,493 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
   
   
 3,467 
   
   
 1,641 
   
   
 2,000,000 
   
 
 
   Debt issuance costs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (229 
 ) 
   
 (57,825 
 ) 
 
 
   Excess tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 12,663 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (826 
 ) 
   
 (764 
 ) 
   
 2,147 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash flows from financing activities 
   
   
 18,326 
   
   
 (43,976 
 ) 
   
 1,913,547 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 3,961 
   
   
 3,187 
   
   
 (299 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (97,495 
 ) 
   
 117,579 
   
   
 472,221 
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
   
   
 731,614 
   
   
 614,035 
   
   
 141,814 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
   
 $ 
 634,119 
   
 $ 
 731,614 
   
 $ 
 614,035 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid for interest (including capitalized interest) 
   
 $ 
 188,331 
   
 $ 
 192,611 
   
 $ 
 120,452 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Capitalized interest 
   
 $ 
 3,968 
   
 $ 
 45,497 
   
 $ 
 42,743 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash paid for income taxes 
   
 $ 
 16,728 
   
 $ 
 15,798 
   
 $ 
 2,173 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Employee benefits paid in Class A common stock 
   
 $ 
 4,761 
   
 $ 
 4,282 
   
 $ 
 4,046 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Satellites and other assets financed under capital lease obligations 
   
 $ 
 5,316 
   
 $ 
 30,317 
   
 $ 
 198,468 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Capitalized in-orbit incentive obligations 
   
 $ 
 18,000 
   
 $ 
 24,950 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Reduction of capital lease obligations and associated asset value 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 20,214 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Reduction of capital lease obligation for AMC-16 
   
 $ 
 6,694 
   
 $ 
 12,599 
   
 $ 
 6,616 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Changes in capital expenditures included in accounts payable 
   
 $ 
 9,240 
   
 $ 
 16,812 
   
 $ 
 26,330 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Contribution of assets to Dish Digital 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 44,712 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities assumed in regulatory authorization acquisition 
   
 $ 
 10,304 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 F-7 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   

   
       ECHOSTAR CORPORATION              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          

  Note 1. Organization and Business Activities   

  Principal Business   

 EchoStar Corporation (together with its subsidiaries is referred to as "EchoStar," the "Company," "we," "us" and/or "our") is a holding company that
was organized in October 2007 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Nevada. In 2008, DISH Network Corporation and its subsidiaries ("DISH Network") completed its distribution to us of its
digital set-top box business and certain infrastructure and other assets, including certain of their satellites, uplink and satellite transmission assets, real estate, and other assets and related
liabilities to us (the "Spin-off"). Since the Spin-off, EchoStar and DISH Network have operated as separate publicly-traded companies, and as of December 31, 2013, neither entity has any
ownership interest in the other (See Note 20 of this report for a discussion of our subsequent events). However, a substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of both companies is
beneficially owned by Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family. Our Class A common stock is publicly traded on
the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "SATS." We are a global provider of satellite operations, video delivery solutions digital set-top boxes, and broadband satellite technologies and
services for home and office, delivering innovative network technologies, managed services, and solutions for enterprises and governments.  

 We
currently operate in three business segments.  

 
 
 • EchoStar Technologies —which designs, develops and distributes
digital set-top boxes and related products and technology, primarily for satellite TV service providers, telecommunication companies and international cable companies. Our EchoStar Technologies
segment also provides digital broadcast operations, including satellite uplinking/downlinking, transmission services, signal processing, conditional access management, and other services, primarily to
DISH Network. In addition, we provide our Slingboxes directly to consumers via retail outlets and online.  
 • Hughes —which provides satellite broadband internet access to
North American consumers and broadband network services and equipment to domestic and international enterprise markets. The Hughes segment also provides managed services to large enterprises and
solutions to customers for mobile satellite systems.  
 • EchoStar Satellite Services —which uses certain of our owned
and leased in-orbit satellites and related licenses to lease capacity on a full-time and occasional-use basis primarily to DISH Network and secondarily to Dish Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ("Dish
Mexico"), a joint venture that we entered into in 2008, as well as United States government service providers, state agencies, internet service providers, broadcast news organizations, programmers,
and private enterprise customers.  
 

  Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

  Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation   

 We consolidate all majority owned subsidiaries, investments in entities in which we have controlling interest and variable interest entities where we
are the primary beneficiary. Non-majority owned investments are accounted for using the equity method when we have the ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of the investee. When
we do not have the ability to significantly influence the operating decisions of the investee, the cost method is used. All significant intercompany  

 F-8 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  


  Use of Estimates   

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") requires us to make
certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the balance sheets, the reported amounts of revenue and expense for each reporting period,
and certain information disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Estimates are used in accounting for, among other things, amortization periods of deferred revenue and deferred
subscriber acquisition costs, percentage-of-completion related to revenue recognition, allowances for doubtful accounts, allowances for sales returns and rebates, warranty obligations, self-insurance
obligations, deferred taxes and related valuation allowances, uncertain tax positions, loss contingencies, fair value of financial instruments, fair value of our stock-based compensation, fair value
of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations, lease classifications, asset impairments, useful lives and amortization methods of property, equipment and intangible assets, and royalty
obligations. Weakened economic conditions may increase the inherent uncertainty in the estimates and assumptions indicated above. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on
various other factors that we believe to be relevant under the circumstances. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates, actual results may differ from previously estimated amounts,
and such differences may be material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically, and the effects of revisions are reflected in the period they occur
or prospectively if the revised estimate affects future periods.  

  Foreign Currency   

 The functional currency for certain of our foreign operations is determined to be the local currency. Accordingly, we translate assets and
liabilities of these foreign entities from their local currencies to U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates and translate income and expense accounts at monthly average rates. The resulting
translation adjustments are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) as "Foreign currency translation adjustments" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).  


 Gains
and losses resulting from re-measurement of the foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities, and transactions into the functional currency are recognized in "Other, net" in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). We occasionally enter into forward exchange contracts to mitigate foreign currency exchange risks related to certain of our assets and
liabilities and forecasted transactions. These forward contracts are not designated as qualified hedges and, therefore, changes in the fair values of these derivatives are recognized in earnings. For
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the net transactions gains and losses that resulted from the re-measurement of the foreign currency and the related derivative gains and losses
were not material in each of the periods presented herein.  

  Cash and Cash Equivalents   

 We consider all liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012 primarily consisted of money market funds, government bonds, corporate notes, and commercial paper. The cost of these investments approximates their fair value.  

 F-9 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Marketable Investment Securities   

 We classify our marketable investment securities as available-for-sale, except in certain instances where we have accounted for certain securities as
trading securities or are using the fair value method. We report our available-for-sale securities at fair value and generally recognize the difference between fair value and amortized cost as
unrealized gains and losses in other comprehensive income as "Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities and other" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income (Loss). Declines in the fair value of a marketable investment security which are determined to be other-than-temporary are recognized in earnings thus establishing a new cost basis for such
investment. Interest and dividend income from marketable investment securities is reported in "Interest income" and "Other, net," respectively, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income (Loss). Dividend income is recognized on the ex-dividend date.  


 We
evaluate our marketable investment securities portfolio on a quarterly basis to determine whether declines in the fair value of these securities are other-than-temporary. Our evaluation consists of
reviewing, among other things: 

 
 
 • the fair value of each security compared to its amortized cost;  
 • the length of time and the extent to which the fair value of a security has been lower than amortized cost;    
 • the historical volatility of the price of each security;  
 • any market and company specific factors related to each security; and 
 • our intent and ability to hold the investment to recovery.  
 

 Where
the fair value of a debt security has declined below its amortized cost, we consider the decline to be other-than-temporary if any of the following factors
apply: 

 
 
 • we intend to sell the security,  
 • it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before maturity or recovery,
or 
 • we do not expect to recover the security's entire amortized cost basis, even if there is no intent to sell the security.  
 

 In
general, we use the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method to determine the cost basis on sales of marketable investment securities.  


  Other Investment Securities—Cost and Equity Method   

 Generally, we account for our non-marketable equity investments using either the equity method or cost method of accounting. It is not practicable to
regularly estimate the fair value of our equity securities that are not publicly traded. We evaluate these equity investments on a quarterly basis to determine whether an event or changes in
circumstances has occurred that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investment. As part of our evaluation, we review available information such as business plans and current
financial statements of these companies for factors that may indicate an impairment of our investments. Such factors may include, but are not limited to, cash flow concerns, material litigation,
violations of debt covenants, bankruptcy and changes in business strategy. When we determine that an investment is impaired, and the impairment is  

 F-10 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 other-than-temporary,
we adjust the carrying amount of the investment to its estimated fair value and recognize the impairment loss in earnings.  


 Investments
in which we own at least 20% of the voting securities or have significant influence are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Equity method investments are initially
recorded at cost and subsequently adjusted for our proportionate share of the net earnings or loss of the investee, which is reflected in "Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates,
net" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). The carrying amount of our investments may include a component of goodwill if the cost of our investment exceeds the
fair value of the underlying identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee. Dividends received from equity method investees reduce the carrying amount of the investment.  


  Accounts Receivable   

 We estimate allowances for the potential non-collectability of accounts receivable based upon past collection experience and consideration of other
relevant factors. Past experience may not be indicative of future collections and therefore additional charges could be incurred in the future to reflect differences between estimated and actual
collections.  

  Inventory   

 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost, determined using the FIFO method, or net realizable value. We use standard costing methodologies in
determining the cost of certain of our finished goods and work-in-process inventories. Inventories are adjusted to net realizable value using our best estimates of future use. In making assessments of
future use or recovery, we consider the aging and composition of inventory balances, the effects of technological and/or design changes, forecasted future product demand based on firm or near-firm
customer orders, and alternative means of disposition of excess or obsolete items.  

  Property and Equipment   

 Property and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. The cost of our satellites includes construction costs, including the
present value of in-orbit incentives payable to the satellite manufacturer, launch costs, capitalized interest, and related insurance premiums. Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over
lives ranging from one to 40 years. Repair and maintenance costs are charged to expense when incurred. Costs of renewals and betterments are capitalized.  

  Impairment of Long-lived Assets   

 We review our long-lived assets for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be
recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For assets held and used in
operations, the asset is impaired if the
carrying amount of the asset exceeded its undiscounted estimated future net cash flows. When an asset is impaired, we adjust the carrying amount of such asset to its estimated fair value and recognize
the impairment loss in earnings. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.  

 F-11 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Goodwill   

 Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the estimated fair value assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. We do not amortize goodwill, but test goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may exist in interim periods. Our goodwill as of
December 31, 2013, consists entirely of goodwill assigned to reporting units of our Hughes segment in connection with the 2011 acquisition of Hughes Communications, Inc. and its
subsidiaries ("the Hughes Acquisition"). We test Hughes goodwill for impairment in the second fiscal quarter. There are two steps to the goodwill impairment test. Step one compares the fair value of a
reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. We typically estimate fair value of the reporting units using discounted cash flow techniques, which includes significant assumptions about
prospective financial information, terminal value and discount rates. If the reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value, it is necessary to perform the second step of the
impairment test, which compares the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of such goodwill to determine the amount of impairment loss. We may bypass the two-step
goodwill impairment test if we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount including goodwill. See
Note 9 for further discussion of our goodwill impairment testing.  

  Regulatory Authorizations and Other Intangible Assets   

 At acquisition and periodically thereafter, we evaluate our intangible assets to determine whether their useful lives are finite or indefinite. We
consider our intangible assets to have indefinite lives when no significant legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic, or other factors limit the useful life.  

 Intangible
assets that have finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives, ranging from approximately one to 30 years. When we expect to incur significant costs to renew or
extend finite-lived intangible assets, we amortize the total initial and estimated renewal costs over the combined initial and assumed renewal terms. In such instances, actual renewal costs are
capitalized when they are incurred. We test intangible assets with finite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be
recoverable, as discussed above under "Impairment of Long-lived Assets."  

 We
do not amortize our indefinite-lived intangible assets, but test those assets for impairment annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset may
be impaired. Costs incurred to renew or extend indefinite-lived intangible assets are expensed as incurred.  

 Our
indefinite-lived intangible assets include Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") authorizations and certain other contractual or regulatory rights to use spectrum at specified orbital
locations (collectively "Regulatory Authorizations"). We have determined that our FCC authorizations have indefinite useful lives due to the
following: 

 
 
 • FCC authorizations are non-depleting assets;  
 • renewal satellite applications generally are authorized by the FCC subject to certain conditions, without substantial cost
under a stable regulatory, legislative, and legal environment;  
 • expenditures required to maintain the authorization are not significant;
and 
 • we intend to use these authorizations indefinitely.  
 

 Our
non-FCC regulatory authorizations consist primarily of authorizations in Europe and Brazil that we acquired in 2013 and 2012, respectively. We have determined that those Regulatory Authorizations  

 F-12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 have
finite lives due to the absence of largely perfunctory renewal provisions and uncertainties about the regulatory environments.  

  Income Taxes   

 We establish a provision for income taxes currently payable or receivable and for income tax amounts deferred to future periods. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax effects of differences that exist between the financial reporting carrying amount and tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets
are offset by valuation allowances when we determine it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future.  

 From
time to time, we engage in transactions where the income tax consequences may be subject to uncertainty. We recognize tax benefits when, in management's judgment, a tax filing position is more
likely than not of being sustained if challenged by the tax authorities. For tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, we may not recognize a portion of a tax benefit depending on
management's assessment of how the tax position will ultimately be settled. Due to the fact that we have substantial net operating loss carryforwards, our reserves for unrecognized tax benefits are
netted against the deferred tax assets associated with our net operating loss carryforwards. We adjust our estimates periodically based on ongoing examinations by and settlements with various taxing
authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and precedent. We classify interest and penalties, if any, associated with our unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.  

  Fair Value Measurements   

 We determine fair value based on the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the
principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Market or observable inputs are the preferred source of values, followed by
unobservable inputs or assumptions based on hypothetical transactions in the absence of market inputs. We utilize the highest level of inputs available according to the following hierarchy in
determining fair value: 

 
 
 • Level 1, defined as observable inputs being quoted prices in active markets for identical assets;    
 • Level 2, defined as observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, including quoted prices
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which significant inputs and
significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and 
 • Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, consistent with reasonably
available assumptions made by other participants therefore requiring assumptions based on the best information available.  
 

 Transfers
between levels in the fair value hierarchy are considered to occur at the beginning of the quarterly accounting period. There were no transfers between levels for each of the years ended
December 31, 2013 or 2012.  

 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the carrying amount of our cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities were equal to or approximated fair value due to their short-term nature or proximity to current market rates.  

 F-13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 Fair
values of our current marketable investment securities are based on a variety of observable market inputs. For our investments in publicly traded equity securities, fair value ordinarily is
determined based on a Level 1 measurement that reflects quoted prices for identical securities in active markets. Fair values of our investments in marketable debt securities generally are
based on Level 2 measurements as the markets for debt securities are less active. Trades of identical debt securities on or near the measurement date are considered a strong indication of fair
value. Matrix pricing techniques that consider par value, coupon rate, credit quality, maturity and other relevant features also may be used to determine fair value of our investments in marketable
debt securities.  

 Fair
values for our publicly traded long-term debt are based on quoted market prices in less active markets and are categorized as Level 2 measurements. The fair values of our privately held
debt are Level 2 measurements and are estimated to approximate their carrying amounts based on the proximity of their interest rates to current market rates. See Note 10 for the fair
value of our long-term debt. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the fair values of our orbital incentive obligations, based on measurements categorized within Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy, approximated their carrying amounts of $48.4 million and $30.0 million, respectively. We use fair value measurements from time-to-time in connection with impairment testing
and the assignment of purchase consideration to assets and liabilities of acquired companies. Those fair value measurements typically include significant unobservable inputs and are categorized within
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  

  Revenue Recognition   

 Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, prices are fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured, and
the goods have been delivered or services have been rendered. If any of these criteria are not met, revenue recognition is deferred until such time as all of the criteria are met. Revenue from
equipment sales generally is recognized upon shipment to customers. Revenue from leasing equipment or services are recognized ratably over the lease period. Revenue from digital broadcast operations
and other services are recognized when the related services are performed. Upfront fees collected in connection with the service arrangements for customers in our Hughes segment consumer market are
deferred and recognized as service revenue over the estimated subscriber life.  

 In
situations where customer offerings represent a bundled arrangement for both services and hardware, revenue elements are separated for revenue recognition purposes using the relative selling price
method. We offer a rebate to qualifying new consumer subscribers in our Hughes segment and reduce related revenue based on an estimate of the number of rebates that will be redeemed. This estimate is
based on historical experience and actual sales during the promotion.  

 Our
Hughes segment has a consumer equipment rental program, under which customers enter into a contract which requires that the customer pay rental and service charges for a minimum term of
24 months and the early cancellation of service is subject to payment of a termination charge. Once the initial 24 month term ends, it converts to a month-to-month contract. Revenue on
the rental equipment is recognized on a monthly basis as service revenue over the customer contract term. In October 2012, our Hughes segment entered into a wholesale service agreement with dishNET
Satellite Broadband L.L.C. ("dishNET"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH Network. Under this agreement, dishNET has the right, but not the obligation, to purchase certain broadband equipment and to
market, sell, and distribute Hughes satellite internet service. We recognize a monthly subscriber wholesale service fee as we provide the service.  

 F-14 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued   

 In addition to providing standard product and service offerings, our Hughes segment also enters into contracts to design, develop, and deliver complex telecommunication
networks to customers in its enterprise and mobile satellite systems markets. These contracts for telecommunication networks require significant effort to develop and construct the network, over an
extended time period. Sales under these contracts are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. Depending on the nature of the deliverables in each arrangement, we recognize
revenue under the cost-to-cost method or the units of delivery method. Under the cost-to-cost method, sales are recorded equivalent to costs incurred plus a portion of the profit expected to be
realized, which is consistent with the ratio of costs incurred to estimated total costs at completion multiplied by the total estimated contract revenue. Under the units of delivery method, sales are
recorded as products are delivered and costs are recognized based on the expected profit for the entire agreement. Profits expected to be realized on long-term contracts are based on estimates of
total sale values and costs at completion. These estimates are reviewed and revised periodically throughout the lives of the contracts, and adjustments to profits resulting from such revisions are
recorded in the accounting period in which the revisions are made. Estimated losses on contracts are recorded in the period in which they are identified.  

 We
report revenue net of sales taxes imposed on our goods and services in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Since we primarily act as an agent for the
governmental authorities, the amount charged to the customer is collected and remitted directly to the appropriate jurisdictional entity.  

  Debt Issuance Costs   

 Costs of issuing debt generally are deferred and amortized utilizing the effective interest method with amortization included in "Interest expense,
net of amounts capitalized" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).  

  Cost of Equipment and Services   

 Cost of equipment primarily consists of materials and direct labor costs associated with the procurement and manufacture of our products and indirect
overhead incurred in the procurement and production process, including freight and royalties. Cost of equipment generally is recognized as products are delivered to customers. Cost of services
primarily consists of costs of digital broadcast operations, transponder capacity service agreements, satellite services, hub infrastructure, customer care, wireline and wireless capacity, and direct
labor costs associated with the service provided. Cost of services is recognized as costs are incurred.  

  Research and Development   

 Costs incurred in research and development activities are expensed as incurred.  

  Deferred Subscriber Acquisition Costs ("SAC")   

 Deferred SAC is included in "Other noncurrent assets, net" in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. SAC consists of costs paid to third-party dealers and
customer service representative commissions on new service activations and hardware upgrades and, in certain cases, the cost of hardware and installation services provided to customers at the
inception of service or hardware upgrade. SAC is deferred when a customer commits to a service agreement, and then the deferred SAC is amortized over the contractual term in proportion to when the
related service revenue is earned. We monitor the  

 F-15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


 recoverability
of SAC and are entitled to an early termination fee if the subscriber cancels service prior to the end of the commitment period. The recoverability of deferred SAC is reasonably assured
through the monthly service fee charged to customers, our ability to recover the equipment, and/or our ability to charge an early termination fee.  

  Capitalized Software Costs   

 Development costs related to software for internal use and externally marketed are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful life of the software, not in excess of five years. Internal use capitalized software costs are included in "Property and equipment, net" and externally marketed capitalized software
costs are included in "Other noncurrent assets, net" in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Software program reviews for externally marketed capitalized software costs are conducted at least annually, or
as events and circumstances warrant such a review, to determine if capitalized software development costs are recoverable and to ensure that costs associated with programs that are no longer
generating revenue are expensed. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the net carrying amount of externally marketed software was $31.4 million and $15.9 million, respectively. For
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recorded $1.7 million, $0.3 million and minimal, respectively, of amortization expense relating to our externally marketed
software.  

  Stock-based Compensation Expense   

 Stock-based compensation expense is recognized based on stock awards ultimately expected to vest and is reduced for estimated forfeitures.
Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a
significant effect on share-based compensation expense since the effect of adjusting the rate is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed.  

  Advertising Costs   

 Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included in "Selling, general and administrative expenses" in our Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we incurred advertising expense of $47.4 million, $47.0 million and
$27.8 million, respectively.  

  New Accounting Pronouncements   

 In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11 amending requirements for the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating
loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. ASU No. 2013-11 requires entities to present in the financial statements an unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of
an unrecognized tax benefit as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward except to the extent such items are not
available or not intended to be used at the reporting date to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position. In such instances, the unrecognized tax
benefit is required to be presented in the financial statements as a liability and not be combined with deferred tax assets. ASU No. 2013-11 is effective for annual and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2013. Early adoption is permitted. We adopted ASU No. 2013-11 in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2013, but did not retrospectively
apply the standard to our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2012. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or
cash flows.  

 F-16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Note 3. Earnings per Share   

 We present both basic earnings per share ("EPS") and diluted EPS. Basic EPS excludes potential dilution and is computed by dividing "Net income
attributable to EchoStar" by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if stock awards were exercised. The
potential dilution from stock awards was computed using the treasury stock method based on the average market value of our Class A common stock during the period. The calculation of our diluted
weighted-average common
shares outstanding excluded (i) underlying options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock as their effect is anti-dilutive of 2.7 million, 4.4 million and
4.0 million shares for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and (ii) shares of our Class A common stock that are contingently issuable based upon
meeting a company-specific goal by March 31, 2015 pursuant to our performance based stock incentive plan, which was not probable of being achieved as of December 31, 2013 of
0.7 million, 0.7 million and 0.7 million shares for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

 The
following table presents basic and diluted EPS amounts for all periods and the corresponding weighted-average shares outstanding used in the calculations.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands, except 
per share amounts) 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted-average common shares outstanding—Class A and B common stock: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 89,405 
   
   
 87,150 
   
   
 86,223 
   
 
 
   Dilutive impact of stock awards outstanding 
   
   
 1,547 
   
   
 809 
   
   
 866 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 90,952 
   
   
 87,959 
   
   
 87,089 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings per share—Class A and B common stock: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 0.03 
   
 $ 
 2.42 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 0.03 
   
 $ 
 2.40 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Note 4. Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Related Tax Effects   

 We have not recognized any tax effects on foreign currency translation adjustments because they are not expected to result in future taxable income
or deductions. We have not recognized any tax effects on unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities because such gains or losses would affect the amount of existing capital loss
carryforwards for which the related deferred tax asset has been fully offset by a valuation allowance.  

 Accumulated
other comprehensive income includes cumulative foreign currency translation losses of $32.1 million, $16.6 million and $14.0 million as of December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011, respectively.  

 F-17 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


  Note 5. Investment Securities   

 Our marketable investment securities, restricted cash and cash equivalents, and other investments consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Marketable investment securities—current: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
 $ 
 833,791 
   
 $ 
 654,096 
   
 
 
   VRDNs 
   
   
 34,705 
   
   
 66,145 
   
 
 
   Strategic equity securities 
   
   
 33,613 
   
   
 56,288 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 84,424 
   
   
 39,422 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total marketable investment securities—current 
   
   
 986,533 
   
   
 815,951 
   
 
 
   Restricted marketable investment securities(1) 
   
   
 7,965 
   
   
 7,529 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 994,498 
   
   
 823,480 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents(1) 
   
   
 8,172 
   
   
 21,516 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Other investments—noncurrent: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost method 
   
   
 25,977 
   
   
 27,711 
   
 
 
   Equity method 
   
   
 143,794 
   
   
 155,500 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other investments—noncurrent 
   
   
 169,771 
   
   
 183,211 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total marketable investment securities, restricted cash and cash equivalents, and other investments 
   
 $ 
 1,172,441 
   
 $ 
 1,028,207 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Restricted
marketable investment securities and restricted cash and cash equivalents are included in "Restricted cash and marketable investment securities"
in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.   
  
   Marketable Investment Securities   

 Our marketable investment securities portfolio consists of various debt and equity instruments, all of which are classified as available-for-sale.  

  Corporate bonds   

 Our corporate bond portfolio includes debt instruments issued by individual corporations, primarily in the industrial and financial services
industries.  

  Variable rate demand notes ("VRDNs")   

 VRDNs are long-term floating rate bonds with embedded put options that allow the bondholder to sell the security at par plus accrued interest. All of
the put options are secured by a pledged liquidity source. Our VRDN portfolio is comprised of investments in municipalities and corporations, which are backed by financial institutions or other highly
rated companies that serve as the pledged liquidity source. While they are classified as marketable investment securities, the put option allows VRDNs to be liquidated generally on a same day or on a
five business day settlement basis.  

 F-18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Strategic Equity Securities   

 Our strategic investment portfolio consists of investments in shares of common stock of public companies, which are highly speculative and have
experienced and continue to experience volatility. The value of our investment portfolio depends on the value of such shares of
common stock. We did not receive any dividend income for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2011. For the year ended December 31, 2012, we received $46.0 million in dividend
income from one of our strategic investments.  

  Other   

 Our other current marketable investment securities portfolio includes investments in various debt instruments, including government bonds.  


  Restricted Cash and Marketable Investment Securities   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our restricted marketable investment securities, together with our restricted cash, included amounts
required as collateral for our letters of credit or surety bonds.  

  Other Investments—Noncurrent   

 We have several strategic investments in certain equity securities that are accounted for using either the equity or the cost method of accounting.
Our ability to realize value from our strategic investments in companies that are not publicly traded depends on the success of those companies' businesses and their ability to obtain sufficient
capital to execute their business plans. Because private markets are not as liquid as public markets, there is also increased risk that we will not be able to sell these investments, or that when we
desire to sell them we will not be able to obtain fair value for them.  

 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our equity method investments included $18.0 and $34.5 million, respectively, for our investment in DISH Digital Holding L.L.C. ("DISH Digital"), a
joint venture between us and DISH Network. The carrying amount of our investment reflects the $44.7 million aggregate carrying amount of cash and certain noncash assets that we contributed to
DISH Digital upon its formation on July 1, 2012 in exchange for a one-third equity interest in DISH Digital, less our equity in the net loss of DISH Digital of $16.5 million and
$10.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. See Note 19 for additional information about our investment in DISH Digital.  

 F-19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Marketable Investment Securities   

 The components of our available-for-sale investments are summarized in the table below.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Unrealized  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Amortized 
Cost  
   
 Estimated 
Fair Value  
   
 
 
   
   
 Gains  
   
 Losses  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   As of December 31, 2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
 $ 
 833,888 
   
 $ 
 227 
   
 $ 
 (324 
 ) 
 $ 
 833,791 
   
 
 
   VRDNs 
   
   
 34,705 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 34,705 
   
 
 
   Other (including restricted) 
   
   
 92,876 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 (501 
 ) 
   
 92,389 
   
 
 
   Equity securities—strategic 
   
   
 15,272 
   
   
 18,341 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 33,613 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total marketable investment securities 
   
 $ 
 976,741 
   
 $ 
 18,582 
   
 $ 
 (825 
 ) 
 $ 
 994,498 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   As of December 31, 2012 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
 $ 
 653,812 
   
 $ 
 591 
   
 $ 
 (307 
 ) 
 $ 
 654,096 
   
 
 
   VRDNs 
   
   
 66,145 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 66,145 
   
 
 
   Other (including restricted) 
   
   
 46,946 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 46,951 
   
 
 
   Equity securities—strategic 
   
   
 21,214 
   
   
 35,074 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 56,288 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total marketable investment securities 
   
 $ 
 788,117 
   
 $ 
 35,670 
   
 $ 
 (307 
 ) 
 $ 
 823,480 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  As
of December 31, 2013, restricted and non-restricted marketable investment securities included debt securities of $885.1 million with contractual maturities of one year or less and
$75.8 million with contractual maturities greater than one year. We may realize proceeds from certain investments prior to their contractual maturity as a result of our ability to sell these
securities prior to their contractual maturity.  

  Marketable Investment Securities in a Loss Position   

 The following table reflects the length of time that our available-for-sale securities have been in an unrealized loss position. We do not intend to
sell these securities before they recover or mature, and it is more likely than not that we will hold these securities until they recover or mature. In addition, we are not aware of any specific
factors indicating that the underlying issuers of these securities would not be able to pay interest as it becomes due or repay the principal at maturity. Therefore, we believe that these changes in
the estimated fair values of these securities are primarily related to temporary market fluctuations.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Unrealized 
Losses  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Unrealized 
Losses  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Less than 12 months 
   
 $ 
 571,592 
   
 $ 
 (825 
 ) 
 $ 
 275,587 
   
 $ 
 (288 
 ) 
 
 
   12 months or more 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12,963 
   
   
 (19 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 571,592 
   
 $ 
 (825 
 ) 
 $ 
 288,550 
   
 $ 
 (307 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-20 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Realized Gains (Losses) on Marketable Investment Securities   

 We recognized gains from the sales of our available-for-sale marketable investment securities of $36.3 million, $175.2 million and
$6.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. We recognized minimal losses from the sales of our available-for-sale marketable investment securities
for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.  

 Proceeds
from sales of our available-for-sale marketable investment securities totaled $177.5 million, $601.3 million and $1.54 billion for the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

  Fair Value Measurements   


 Our current marketable investment securities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as summarized in the table below. As of
December 31, 2013 and 2012, we did not have investments that were categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Total  
   
 Level 1  
   
 Level 2  
   
 Total  
   
 Level 1  
   
 Level 2  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Cash equivalents (including restricted) 
   
 $ 
 548,714 
   
 $ 
 49,338 
   
 $ 
 499,376 
   
 $ 
 533,943 
   
 $ 
 23,621 
   
 $ 
 510,322 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Debt securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
 $ 
 833,791 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 833,791 
   
 $ 
 654,096 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 654,096 
   
 
 
   VRDNs 
   
   
 34,705 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 34,705 
   
   
 66,145 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 66,145 
   
 
 
   Other (including restricted) 
   
   
 92,389 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 92,389 
   
   
 46,951 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 46,951 
   
 
 
   Equity securities—strategic 
   
   
 33,613 
   
   
 33,613 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 56,288 
   
   
 56,288 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total marketable investment securities 
   
 $ 
 994,498 
   
 $ 
 33,613 
   
 $ 
 960,885 
   
 $ 
 823,480 
   
 $ 
 56,288 
   
 $ 
 767,192 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  During
2011, we disposed of investments that were accounted for using the fair-value method and we reported net gains of $15.9 million in "Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net"
in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2011. In 2013 and 2012, we did not have any investments that were accounted for
using the fair value method.  

  Note 6. Trade Accounts Receivable   

 Our trade accounts receivable consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Trade accounts receivable 
   
 $ 
 164,900 
   
 $ 
 188,463 
   
 
 
   Contracts in process, net 
   
   
 7,629 
   
   
 39,804 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total trade accounts receivable 
   
   
 172,529 
   
   
 228,267 
   
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
   
   
 (13,237 
 ) 
   
 (16,894 
 ) 
 
 
   Trade accounts receivable—DISH Network 
   
   
 355,135 
   
   
 281,845 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total trade accounts receivable, net 
   
 $ 
 514,427 
   
 $ 
 493,218 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-21 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, progress billings offset against contracts in process amounted to $2.6 million and $5.4 million, respectively.  


  Note 7. Inventory   

 Our inventory consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Finished goods 
   
 $ 
 50,357 
   
 $ 
 57,540 
   
 
 
   Raw materials 
   
   
 8,658 
   
   
 19,041 
   
 
 
   Work-in-process 
   
   
 7,069 
   
   
 7,767 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total inventory 
   
 $ 
 66,084 
   
 $ 
 84,348 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Note 8. Property and Equipment   

 Property and equipment consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 Depreciable 
Life 
(In Years)  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Land 
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 42,850 
   
 $ 
 42,312 
   
 
 
   Buildings and improvements 
   
 3-40 
   
   
 377,208 
   
   
 363,338 
   
 
 
   Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other 
   
 1-12 
   
   
 1,157,325 
   
   
 1,064,071 
   
 
 
   Customer rental equipment 
   
 2-4 
   
   
 374,688 
   
   
 251,708 
   
 
 
   Satellites—owned(1) 
   
 1.5-15 
   
   
 1,949,040 
   
   
 1,762,264 
   
 
 
   Satellites acquired under capital leases 
   
 10-15 
   
   
 935,104 
   
   
 935,104 
   
 
 
   Construction in progress 
   
 — 
   
   
 210,051 
   
   
 455,186 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total property and equipment 
   
   
   
   
 5,046,266 
   
   
 4,873,983 
   
 
 
   Accumulated depreciation(1) 
   
   
   
   
 (2,499,889 
 ) 
   
 (2,261,699 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
   
 $ 
 2,546,377 
   
 $ 
 2,612,284 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Balances
previously reported as of December 31, 2012 have been reduced to exclude a fully-depreciated satellite that was retired from commercial
service prior to December 31, 2012.   
  
  F-22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, accumulated depreciation included accumulated depreciation of satellites acquired under capital leases of $421.8 million and $362.1 million,
respectively.  

 "Construction
in progress" consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 Segment  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Progress amounts for satellite construction, including certain amounts prepaid under satellite service agreements and launch costs: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   EchoStar XIX 
   
 Other 
   
 $ 
 122,070 
   
 $ 
 9,325 
   
 
 
   TerreStar-2 
   
 Other 
   
   
 16,433 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   EchoStar XVI 
   
 ESS 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 345,090 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
 ETC/ESS 
   
   
 24,160 
   
   
 25,710 
   
 
 
   Uplinking equipment 
   
 ETC/Hughes 
   
   
 20,793 
   
   
 37,264 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
 ETC/Hughes/ESS 
   
   
 26,595 
   
   
 37,797 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Construction in progress 
   
   
   
 $ 
 210,051 
   
 $ 
 455,186 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  For
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recorded $4.0 million, $45.5 million and $42.7 million, respectively, of capitalized interest related to our
satellites under construction.  

 Depreciation
expense associated with our property and equipment consisted of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Satellites 
   
 $ 
 180,517 
   
 $ 
 150,034 
   
 $ 
 112,182 
   
 
 
   Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other 
   
   
 126,625 
   
   
 121,919 
   
   
 116,397 
   
 
 
   Customer rental equipment 
   
   
 98,076 
   
   
 80,709 
   
   
 40,877 
   
 
 
   Buildings and improvements 
   
   
 13,449 
   
   
 12,929 
   
   
 9,416 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total depreciation expense 
   
 $ 
 418,667 
   
 $ 
 365,591 
   
 $ 
 278,872 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Satellites
depreciation expense includes amortization of satellites under capital lease agreements of $59.7 million, $59.7 million and $33.9 million for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Our depreciation expense increased in 2012 and 2011 as a result of the Hughes Acquisition. See Note 15 for further discussion.  

  Satellites   


 As of December 31, 2013, we utilized 12 of our owned and leased satellites in geostationary orbit approximately 22,300 miles above the
equator. Four of our satellites are accounted for as capital leases and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the terms of the satellite service agreements. We  

 F-23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 depreciate
our owned satellites on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of each satellite. Information for our satellite fleet is presented below.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Satellites

 

  
   
 Segment  
   
 Launch 
Date  
   
 Nominal Degree 
Orbital Location 
(West Longitude)  
   
 Depreciable 
Life 
(In Years)  
   
 
 
   Owned: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   SPACEWAY3(4) 
   
 Hughes 
   
 August 2007 
   
   
 95 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar XVII 
   
 Hughes 
   
 July 2012 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   EchoStar III(1)(2) 
   
 ESS 
   
 October 1997 
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar VI 
   
 ESS 
   
 July 2000 
   
   
 96.2 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar VIII(1) 
   
 ESS 
   
 August 2002 
   
   
 77 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar IX(1) 
   
 ESS 
   
 August 2003 
   
   
 121 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   EchoStar XII(1)(5) 
   
 ESS 
   
 July 2003 
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
 1.5 
   
 
 
   EchoStar XVI(1) 
   
 ESS 
   
 November 2012 
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   Leased from Other Third Parties(3): 
   
     
   
     
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   AMC-15 
   
 ESS 
   
 January 2005 
   
   
 105 
   
   
 10 
   
 
 
   AMC-16 
   
 ESS 
   
 February 2005 
   
   
 85 
   
   
 10 
   
 
 
   Nimiq 5(1) 
   
 ESS 
   
 October 2009 
   
   
 72.7 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   QuetzSat-1(1) 
   
 ESS 
   
 November 2011 
   
   
 77 
   
   
 10 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) See
Note 19 for further discussion of our transactions with DISH Network.
 (2) Fully
depreciated and currently an in-orbit spare.
 (3) These
satellites are accounted for as capital leases and their launch dates represent dates that the satellites were placed into service.
 (4) Depreciable
life represents the remaining useful life as of the date of the Hughes Acquisition.
 (5) Depreciable
life represents the remaining useful life as of June 30, 2013, the date EchoStar XII was impaired.   
  

  Recent Developments   

  EchoStar I, EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI, EchoStar XIV.     On February 20, 2014, we entered into agreements with DISH Network to implement a
transaction pursuant to which, among other things: (i) on March 1, 2014, EchoStar and HSS will issue shares of preferred tracking stock to DISH Network in exchange for five satellites
owned by DISH Network (EchoStar I, EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI and EchoStar XIV) (including related in-orbit incentive obligations and interest payments of approximately
$58.9 million) and approximately $11.4 million in cash; and (ii) beginning on March 1, 2014, DISH Network will lease certain satellite capacity on these five satellites
(collectively, the "Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction"). See Note 20 for a discussion of our subsequent events.  

  EchoStar VI and VIII.     DISH Network leases satellite capacity from us on certain of our satellites. The leases for the EchoStar VI and VIII satellites
expired in accordance with their terms in the first quarter of 2013. EchoStar VI was fully depreciated in August 2012. In May 2013, DISH Network began leasing capacity from us on
EchoStar VIII as an in-orbit spare. Effective March 1, 2014, this lease will be converted to a month-to-month lease. Both parties have the right to terminate this lease with
30 days notice.  

 F-24 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


  EchoStar XVI.     In November 2012, we launched the EchoStar XVI satellite, a direct broadcast satellite ("DBS"). EchoStar XVI is leased to DISH
Network for the delivery of direct-to-home ("DTH") broadcast services to DISH Network customers in the United States. We began leasing capacity on EchoStar XVI to DISH Network in January 2013.  

  EchoStar XIX.     In March 2013, we entered into a contract for the design and construction of the EchoStar XIX satellite, which is expected to be launched in
mid-2016. EchoStar XIX is our next-generation, high throughput geostationary satellite that will employ a multi-spot beam, bent pipe
Ka-band architecture and will provide additional capacity for our broadband services to the consumer market in North America in our Hughes segment.  

  TerreStar-2.     In August 2013, we and DISH Network entered into a development agreement ("T2 Development Agreement") with respect to the TerreStar-2 ("T2") satellite
under which we reimburse DISH Network for amounts it pays to Space Systems/Loral, LLC ("SS/L") in connection with the construction of the T2 satellite. As amended in December 2013, the T2
Development Agreement provides for the ability to purchase DISH Network's rights and obligations under the T2 satellite construction agreements with SS/L. The T2 satellite is designed to provide
mobile satellite services using S-band frequencies and we may use this satellite in conjunction with our recently acquired S-band spectrum in Europe.  

  EchoStar XV.     In May 2013, we began leasing satellite capacity from DISH Network on EchoStar XV as an operating lease and relocated the satellite to
the 45 degree west longitude orbital location for testing pursuant to our Brazilian Authorization. Effective March 1, 2014, this lease will be converted to a month-to-month lease. Both parties
have the right to terminate this lease with 30 days notice.  

  QuetzSat-1.     In 2008, we entered into a transponder service agreement with SES to lease all of the capacity on QuetzSat-1. Concurrently, in 2008, we entered into a
transponder service agreement with DISH Network, pursuant to which, DISH Network agreed to lease 24 of the DBS transponders on QuetzSat-1 when it is placed into commercial operation at the 77 degree
west longitude orbital location. In January 2013, QuetzSat-1 was moved to the 77 degree west longitude orbital location and commenced commercial operations in February 2013. See Note 19 in the
Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 15 of this report for further discussion of our agreement with DISH Network relating to QuetzSat-1.  

  Satellite Anomalies   

 Certain of our satellites have experienced anomalies, some of which have had a significant adverse impact on their remaining useful lives and/or
commercial operations. There can be no assurance that future anomalies will not further impact the remaining useful life and commercial operation of any of the satellites in our fleet. In addition,
there can be no assurance that we can recover critical transmission capacity in the event one or more of our in-orbit satellites were to fail. We generally do not carry in-orbit insurance on our
satellites; therefore, we generally bear the risk of any uninsured in-orbit failures. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements governing certain portions of our indebtedness, we are required, subject
to certain limitations on coverage, to maintain launch and
in-orbit insurance for SPACEWAY 3, EchoStar XVI, and EchoStar XVII. The recent satellite anomalies that have affected certain of our satellites are discussed below.  

 F-25 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


  Owned Satellites   

  EchoStar III.     EchoStar III was originally designed to operate a maximum of 32 DBS transponders in a mode that provides service to the entire
continental United States ("CONUS"). As a result of the failure of traveling wave tube amplifiers ("TWTAs") in previous years, including the most recent failures in February 2013 and April 2013, only
six transponders are currently available for use. It is likely that additional TWTA failures will occur from time to time in the future and such failures could further impact commercial operation of
the satellite. EchoStar III was fully depreciated in 2009 and is currently used as an in-orbit spare.  


  EchoStar VI.     EchoStar VI was designed to operate 32 DBS transponders with a minimum 12-year useful life. Prior to 2012, EchoStar VI
experienced solar array anomalies and the loss of TWTAs that did not reduce its useful life; however, the solar array anomalies impacted the commercial operation of the satellite. EchoStar VI
lost (i) two additional TWTAs in March 2012, increasing the total number of TWTAs lost on the satellite to five out of 48 TWTAs and (ii) an additional solar array string during the
second quarter of 2012, reducing the total power available for use by the spacecraft. The anomalies in 2012 did not impact current commercial operation or the estimated useful life of the satellite.
However, there can be no assurance that these anomalies or any future anomalies will not reduce the satellite's useful life or impact its commercial operation. EchoStar VI was fully depreciated
in August 2012.  

  EchoStar VIII.     EchoStar VIII was designed to operate 32 DBS transponders in the CONUS at approximately 120 watts per channel, switchable to 16 DBS
transponders operating at approximately 240 watts per channel. Prior to and during 2011, EchoStar VIII experienced several anomalies. In January 2011, EchoStar VIII experienced an
anomaly which temporarily disrupted electrical power to some components, causing an interruption of broadcast service and causing one of the two on-board
computers used to control the satellite to fail. These anomalies have not impacted the commercial operation or estimated useful life of the satellite. However, if the remaining on-board computer
fails, the commercial operation of the satellite would cease and result in a complete loss of the satellite.  

  EchoStar XII.     EchoStar XII was designed to operate 13 DBS transponders at 270 watts per channel in CONUS mode, or 22 spot beams using a combination
of 135 and 65 watt TWTAs or hybrid CONUS/spot beam mode. We currently operate EchoStar XII in spot beam mode. Prior to 2010, EchoStar XII experienced anomalies resulting in the loss of
electrical power available from its solar arrays. In September 2012, November 2012, and January 2013, EchoStar XII experienced additional solar array anomalies, which further reduced the
electrical power available to operate EchoStar XII. An engineering analysis completed in the second quarter of 2013 indicated further loss of available electrical power and resulting capacity
loss was likely. As a result, we recognized a $34.7 million impairment loss in the second quarter of 2013. Additional solar array anomalies are likely, and if they occur, they will continue to
degrade the operational capability of EchoStar XII and could lead to additional impairment charges in the future.  

  Leased Satellites   

  AMC-16.     AMC-16, a FSS satellite, commenced commercial operation during February 2005. AMC-16 was designed to operate 24 Ku-band FSS transponders that operate at
approximately 120 watts per channel and a Ka-band payload consisting of 12 spot beams. In each of February 2012, April 2012, and November 2012, AMC-16 experienced a solar-power anomaly,
which caused additional partial loss of satellite capacity. As a result of prior period depreciation and adjustments associated with satellite anomalies, the net carrying amount of AMC-16 was reduced
to zero as of December 31, 2010. Thereafter, subsequent reductions in our capital lease obligation resulting from reductions in our  

 F-26 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 recurring
lease payments are recognized as gains in "Other, net" on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). Upon determination of related reductions in our
monthly recurring payments, we reduced our capital lease obligation for AMC-16 and recognized corresponding gains of $12.6 million in 2012 and $6.7 million in 2013. There can be no
assurance that the existing anomalies or any future anomalies will not reduce AMC-16's useful life or further impact its commercial operations.  

  Satellite Impairments   

 We evaluate our satellites for impairment and test for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount
may not be recoverable. Certain of the anomalies discussed above, and previously disclosed, may be considered to represent a significant adverse change in the physical condition of a particular
satellite. However, based on the redundancy designed within each satellite, certain of these anomalies are not necessarily considered to be significant events that would require a test of
recoverability.  

  EchoStar XII.     Prior to 2012, EchoStar XII experienced anomalies resulting in the loss of electrical power available from its solar arrays, which
reduced the number of transponders that could be operated. In September 2012, November 2012, and January 2013, EchoStar XII experienced additional solar array anomalies, which further reduced
electrical power available. Our ongoing engineering analysis, completed in consultation with the satellite manufacturer, has indicated that further loss of available electrical power and resulting
capacity loss is likely. The satellite is currently leased to DISH Network pursuant to an agreement that entitles DISH Network to a reduction in its monthly recurring lease payments in the event of a
partial loss of satellite capacity or complete failure of the satellite. In the second quarter of 2013, we determined that the undiscounted cash flows from DISH Network were not likely to be
sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the satellite as a result of expected reductions in the monthly recurring lease payments due to future capacity loss. Consequently, in the second quarter
of 2013, we recognized a $34.7 million impairment loss within our EchoStar Satellite Services segment to reduce the carrying amount of the satellite to its estimated fair value of
$11.3 million as of June 30, 2013. Our fair value estimate was determined using probability weighted discounted cash flow techniques and is categorized within Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy. Our estimate included significant unobservable inputs related to predicted electrical power levels and the number of billable transponders that can be supported by predicted available
power. In connection with our impairment analysis, we revised our estimate of the useful life of the satellite. Effective July 2013, the $11.3 million adjusted carrying amount of
EchoStar XII is depreciated on a straight-line basis over its then remaining estimated useful life of 18 months. The carrying amount of EchoStar XII, net of accumulated
depreciation, as of December 31, 2013 was $7.5 million.  

  CMBStar.     In 2008, we suspended construction of the CMBStar satellite. In 2011, we determined that the carrying amount of the incomplete satellite was not
recoverable and recognized a $33.0 million impairment to reduce the carrying amount of the satellite to its estimated fair value of $19.2 million. We estimated the fair value by
evaluating the probable cash flows that we may receive from potential uses including what market participants may have paid for a reasonably similar asset and the amount we could realize should we
deploy the satellite in a manner different from its original intended use. The
valuation model used Level 3 inputs. We continue to explore alternative uses for this satellite, including potentially reconfiguring the satellite and changing its proposed orbital location in
a manner that would be more cost-effective than designing and constructing a new satellite. There can be no assurance that this satellite will not be further impaired in the future.  

 F-27 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Note 9. Goodwill, Regulatory Authorizations and Other Intangible Assets   


  Goodwill   

 The excess of the cost of an acquired business over the fair values of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets at the time of the acquisition
is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is assigned to our reporting units of our operating segments and is subject to our annual impairment testing, or more frequently when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not less than its carrying amount.  

 Changes
in the carrying amount of our goodwill by reportable segment for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 EchoStar 
Technologies  
   
 Hughes  
   
 Consolidated 
Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2011 
   
 $ 
 16,820 
   
 $ 
 516,198 
   
 $ 
 533,018 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax adjustment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (12,025 
 ) 
   
 (12,025 
 ) 
 
 
   Contribution to DISH Digital 
   
   
 (6,457 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (6,457 
 ) 
 
 
   Impairment 
   
   
 (6,612 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (6,612 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2012 
   
   
 3,751 
   
   
 504,173 
   
   
 507,924 
   
 
 
   Impairment 
   
   
 (3,751 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (3,751 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 504,173 
   
 $ 
 504,173 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  As
of December 31, 2013, all of our goodwill was derived from the Hughes Acquisition. During the second quarter of 2013, we applied a qualitative assessment in our annual impairment testing of
goodwill assigned to reporting units of the Hughes segment. Based on our assessment as of that date, we determined that no further testing of goodwill for impairment was necessary as it was not more
likely than not that the fair values of the Hughes segment reporting units were less than the corresponding carrying amounts.  


 Prior
to 2012, goodwill of $10.4 million was assigned to the Troppus reporting unit of our EchoStar Technologies segment. This goodwill was tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter.
In the fourth quarter of 2012, we determined that the goodwill was impaired and recognized a $6.6 million impairment loss to adjust the carrying amount of the goodwill to its implied fair value
of $3.8 million. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we determined that the remaining goodwill balance was impaired and recognized a $3.8 million impairment loss to adjust the carrying amount
to its implied fair value of zero. Our fair value estimates in 2013 and 2012 were based on updated business plans and the application of probability-weighted discounted cash flow techniques. Our
estimates included significant unobservable inputs and are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  


 In
connection with the formation of DISH Digital in July 2012, we contributed the net assets and business of Move Networks, Inc., a reporting unit of our EchoStar Technologies segment that we
acquired in 2010, to DISH Digital. Goodwill of $6.5 million assigned to this reporting unit was reclassified to our investment in DISH Digital. See Note 19 for additional information
about our investment in the DISH Digital.  

 F-28 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


  Regulatory Authorizations   

 Regulatory Authorizations included amounts with finite and indefinite useful lives, as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Finite useful lives: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cost 
   
 $ 
 113,764 
   
 $ 
 71,055 
   
 
 
   Accumulated amortization 
   
   
 (1,521 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net 
   
   
 112,243 
   
   
 71,055 
   
 
 
   Indefinite lives 
   
   
 471,657 
   
   
 491,657 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total regulatory authorizations, net 
   
 $ 
 583,900 
   
 $ 
 562,712 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  In
December 2013, we acquired 100.0% of Solaris Mobile which is based in Dublin, Ireland and licensed by the European Union ("EU") and individual Member States to provide MSS and a complementary
ground component services covering the entire EU using S-band spectrum. On the acquisition date, Solaris Mobile lacked certain inputs and processes that would be necessary to be considered a business.
Accordingly, we accounted for the transaction as an acquisition of net assets. The primary acquired asset was an EU Regulatory Authorization for S-band frequencies, which had a cost of
$51.8 million, consisting of $43.4 million in cash payments and $10.3 million in assumed liabilities. The cost of the Regulatory Authorization is being amortized using the
straight-line method over the remaining term of the authorization ending in May 2027.  

 In
June 2013 we entered into an agreement with DISH Network pursuant to which we conveyed to DISH Network certain of our rights under a Canadian Regulatory Authorization to develop certain spectrum
rights at the 103 degree west longitude orbital location, which we acquired in 2012. In the third quarter of 2013, we received $23.1 million from DISH Network in exchange for these rights. In
accordance with accounting principles that apply to transfers of assets between companies under common control, we did not recognize any gain on this transaction. Rather, we increased our additional
paid-in capital to reflect the excess of the cash payment over the carrying amount of the derecognized intangible asset, net of related income taxes.  

 In
May 2012, we acquired an authorization to use the 45 degree west longitude orbital location in the Ku, Ka, and S-band spectrums from ANATEL, the Brazilian communications regulatory authority (the
"Brazil authorization"), for cash of 145.2 million Brazilian reais (approximately $72.5 million based on the exchange rate at the time of payment). The Brazil authorization has a 15-year
initial term and a one-time 15-year renewal term, which we expect to renew. The cost of the Brazil authorization, together with estimated renewal costs of approximately $5.6 million, is being
amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining expected term of 28 years commencing in June 2013, which was when a satellite was deployed in the orbital location for testing pursuant to
the Brazil authorization.  

 Amortization
expense for the Regulatory Authorizations with finite useful lives was $1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. There was no amortization expense for the years
ended December 31, 2012 and 2011.  

 F-29 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued   


  Other Intangible Assets   

 Our other intangible assets, which are subject to amortization, primarily resulted from our acquisition of Hughes in 2011, consisted of the
following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Useful life 
(in Years)  
   
 
 
   
   
 Cost  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Cost  
   
 Accumulated 
Amortization  
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Customer relationships 
   
 8 
   
 $ 
 293,932 
   
 $ 
 (152,647 
 ) 
 $ 
 141,285 
   
 $ 
 293,932 
   
 $ 
 (113,906 
 ) 
 $ 
 180,026 
   
 
 
   Contract-based 
   
 10 
   
   
 255,366 
   
   
 (204,835 
 ) 
   
 50,531 
   
   
 255,366 
   
   
 (178,138 
 ) 
   
 77,228 
   
 
 
   Technology-based 
   
 7 
   
   
 126,272 
   
   
 (83,580 
 ) 
   
 42,692 
   
   
 126,387 
   
   
 (66,338 
 ) 
   
 60,049 
   
 
 
   Trademark portfolio 
   
 20 
   
   
 29,700 
   
   
 (3,836 
 ) 
   
 25,864 
   
   
 29,700 
   
   
 (2,351 
 ) 
   
 27,349 
   
 
 
   Favorable leases 
   
 4 
   
   
 4,707 
   
   
 (3,040 
 ) 
   
 1,667 
   
   
 4,707 
   
   
 (1,863 
 ) 
   
 2,844 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other intangible assets 
   
   
   
 $ 
 709,977 
   
 $ 
 (447,938 
 ) 
 $ 
 262,039 
   
 $ 
 710,092 
   
 $ 
 (362,596 
 ) 
 $ 
 347,496 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Customer
relationships are amortized predominantly in relation to the expected contribution of cash flow to the business over the life of the intangible asset. Other intangible assets are amortized on
a straight-line basis over the periods the assets are expected to contribute to our cash flows. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, intangible asset amortization expense was
$88.4 million, $91.7 million and $107.0 million, respectively, including amortization of Regulatory Authorizations with finite lives.  


  Future Amortization   

 As of December 31, 2013, our estimated future amortization of intangible assets was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   For the Years Ending December 31, 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   2014 
   
 $ 
 85,921 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
   
 66,289 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 47,498 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 28,541 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 20,825 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 130,834 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 379,908 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Impairments of Intangible Assets   

 In connection with the Hughes Acquisition, we acquired contractual rights to receive $44.0 million in cash discounts on future launch services
("Credits") and assigned an estimated fair value of $22.0 million to the Credits on the acquisition date. In November 2012, we entered into an agreement for alternative launch services and
determined that the potential to realize value from the Credits was less than previously estimated. Based on an updated fair value estimate using unobservable inputs that considered factors such as
the viability of the launch services provider and marketability of the Credits,  

 F-30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 we
recognized a $22.0 million impairment loss to reduce the carrying amount of the Credits to their estimated fair value of zero as of December 31, 2012.  

 In
connection with our annual impairment test of our indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter of 2012, we determined that certain terrestrial wireless spectrum assets had nominal
value. As a result, we recognized a $4.2 million of impairment loss to reduce the carrying amount of the assets to their estimated fair value of zero.  

 The
impairment losses recognized in the fourth quarter of 2012 were based primarily on fair value estimates using probability-weighted discounted cash flow techniques and limited market data. Our fair
value estimates included significant unobservable inputs and are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  

  Note 10. Debt and Capital Lease Obligations   

 As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our debt primarily consisted of our Senior Secured Notes and Senior Notes, as defined below (collectively,
the "Notes"), and our capital lease obligations. The Notes are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

 The
following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of our debt:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Interest 
Rates  
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Fair Value  
   
 Carrying 
Amount  
   
 Fair Value  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   6 1 / 2 % Senior Secured Notes due 2019 
   
   
 6.500% 
   
 $ 
 1,100,000 
   
 $ 
 1,193,500 
   
 $ 
 1,100,000 
   
 $ 
 1,210,000 
   
 
 
   7 5 / 8 % Senior Notes due 2021 
   
   
 7.625% 
   
   
 900,000 
   
   
 1,001,250 
   
   
 900,000 
   
   
 1,026,450 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 5.50%-15.75% 
   
   
 1,588 
   
   
 1,588 
   
   
 2,041 
   
   
 2,041 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
   
   
   
 2,001,588 
   
 $ 
 2,196,338 
   
   
 2,002,041 
   
 $ 
 2,238,491 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations(1) 
   
   
   
   
   
 420,800 
   
   
   
   
   
 486,458 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
   
   
   
 2,422,388 
   
   
   
   
   
 2,488,499 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Less: Current portion 
   
   
   
   
   
 (69,791 
 ) 
   
   
   
   
 (67,706 
 ) 
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Long-term portion of debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 2,352,597 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 2,420,793 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Disclosure
regarding the fair value of capital lease obligations is not required.   
  
  We
estimated the fair value of our publicly traded long-term debt using market prices in less active markets (Level 2).  

  6 1 / 2 % Senior Secured Notes due 2019   

 On June 1, 2011, Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ("HSS"), our wholly-owned subsidiary issued $1.10 billion aggregate principal
amount of its 6 1 / 2 % Senior Secured Notes (the "Senior Secured Notes") at an issue price of 100.0%, pursuant to a Secured Indenture dated June 1, 2011 (the "Secured  

 F-31 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 Indenture").
The Senior Secured Notes mature on June 15, 2019. Interest accrues at an annual rate of 6 1 / 2 % and is payable semi-annually in cash, in arrears on June 15 and
December 15 of each year.  

 The
Senior Secured Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount thereof plus a "make-whole" premium, as defined in the Secured
Indenture, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. Prior to June 15, 2014, HSS may also redeem up to 35.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior
Secured Notes at a redemption price equal to 106.5% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption, with the net cash proceeds from certain equity
offerings or capital contributions. In addition, prior to June 15, 2015, HSS may redeem up to 10.0% of the outstanding Senior Secured Notes per year at a redemption price equal to 103.0% of the
principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption.  

 The
Senior Secured Notes are: 

 
 
 • general secured obligations of HSS;  
 • secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of HSS and certain of its subsidiaries,
subject to certain exceptions and Permitted Liens (as defined in the Secured Indenture);  
 • effectively junior to HSS' obligations that are secured by assets that are not part of the Collateral (as defined in the
Secured Indenture) that is securing the Senior Secured Notes, in each case to the extent of the value of the Collateral securing such obligations;  
 • effectively senior to HSS' existing and future unsecured obligations to the extent of the value of the Collateral securing
the Senior Secured Notes, after giving effect to Permitted Liens;  
 • senior in right of payment to all existing and future obligations of HSS that are expressly subordinated to the Senior
Secured Notes;  
 • structurally junior to any existing and future obligations of any non-Guarantor Subsidiaries (as defined in the Secured
Indenture); and  
 • unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a general senior secured basis by each Guarantor (as defined in the
Secured Indenture).  
 

 Subject
to certain exceptions, the Secured Indenture contains restrictive covenants that, among other things, impose limitations on the ability of HSS and, in certain instances, the ability of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Secured Indenture), to: 

 
 
 • pay dividends or make distributions on HSS' capital stock or repurchase HSS' capital stock;    
 • incur additional debt;  
 • make certain investments;  
 • create liens or enter into sale and leaseback transactions;  
 • merge or consolidate with another company;  
 • transfer and sell assets;  
 • enter into transactions with affiliates; and  
 • allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability of certain subsidiaries of HSS to pay dividends, make distributions,
make other payments, or transfer assets to us.  
 
 F-32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 In
the event of a change of control, as defined in the Secured Indenture, HSS would be required to make an offer to repurchase all or any part of a holder's Senior Secured Notes at a purchase price
equal to 101.0% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of repurchase.  

 As
discussed above, HSS and certain of its subsidiaries have granted a first priority security interest in substantially all of their assets, subject to certain exceptions and permitted liens, in
connection with HSS' issuance of $1.10 billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Secured Notes.  

  7 5 / 8 % Senior Notes due 2021   

 On June 1, 2011, HSS issued $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 7 5 / 8 % Senior Notes (the "Senior Notes") at
an issue price of 100.0%, pursuant to an Unsecured Indenture dated June 1, 2011 (the "Unsecured Indenture"). The Senior Notes mature on June 15, 2021. Interest accrues at an annual rate
of 7 5 / 8 % and is payable semi-annually in cash, in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year.  

 The
Senior Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time at a redemption price equal to 100.0% of the principal amount plus a "make-whole" premium, as defined in the Unsecured Indenture,
together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. Prior to June 15, 2014, HSS may also redeem up to 35.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes at a
redemption price equal to 107.625% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption, with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings or
capital contributions.  

 The
Senior Notes are: 

 
 
 • general unsecured obligations of HSS;  
 • effectively junior to HSS' obligations that are secured to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such
obligations;  
 • senior in right of payment to all existing and future obligations of HSS that are expressly subordinated to the Senior
Notes;  
 • structurally junior to any existing and future obligations of any non-Guarantor Subsidiaries (as defined in the Unsecured
Indenture); and  
 • unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a general senior basis by each Guarantor (as defined in the
Unsecured Indenture).  
 

 Subject
to certain exceptions, the Unsecured Indenture contains restrictive covenants that, among other things, impose limitations on the ability of HSS and, in certain instances, the ability of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Unsecured Indenture), to: 

 
 
 • pay dividends or make distributions on HSS' capital stock or repurchase HSS' capital stock;    
 • incur additional debt;  
 • make certain investments;  
 • create liens or enter into sale and leaseback transactions;  
 • merge or consolidate with another company;  
 • transfer and sell assets;  
 
 F-33 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 
 
 • enter into transactions with affiliates; and  
 • allow to exist certain restrictions on the ability of certain subsidiaries to pay dividends, make distributions, make
other payments, or transfer assets to us.  
 

 In
the event of a change of control, as defined in the Unsecured Indenture, HSS would be required to make an offer to repurchase all or any part of a holder's Senior Notes at a purchase price equal to
101.0% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of repurchase.  


  Debt Issuance Costs   

 In connection with the issuance of the Notes, we incurred $58.1 million of debt issuance costs, which are included in "Other noncurrent
assets, net" in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we amortized $5.4 million, $5.0 million and $2.8 million of debt
issuance costs, respectively, which are included in "Interest expense, net of amounts capitalized" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).  

  Capital Lease Obligations   

 Our capital lease obligations reflect the present value of future minimum lease payments under noncancelable lease agreements, primarily for certain
of our satellites (see Note 8). These agreements require monthly recurring payments, which include principal, interest, an amount for use of the orbital location and estimated executory costs,
such as insurance and maintenance. The monthly recurring payments generally are subject to reduction in the event of failures that reduce the satellite transponder capacity. Certain of these
agreements provide for extension of the initial lease term at our option. The effective interest rates for our satellite capital lease obligations range from 7.78% to 10.97%, with a weighted average
of 9.87% as of December 31, 2013. As discussed in Note 19, we have subleased transponders on certain of our leased satellites to DISH Network.  

 The
following satellites are accounted for as capital leases and depreciated over the terms of the respective satellite service agreements on a straight-line basis.  


  AMC-15.     AMC-15 commenced commercial operation during January 2005. This lease is renewable by us on a year-to-year basis following the initial ten-year term, and
provides us with certain rights to lease capacity on replacement satellites.  

  AMC-16.     AMC-16 commenced commercial operation during February 2005. This lease is renewable by us on a year-to-year basis following the initial ten-year term, and
provides us with certain rights to lease capacity on replacement satellites.  

  Nimiq 5.     Nimiq 5 was launched in September 2009 and commenced commercial operation at the 72.7 degree west longitude orbital location in October
2009, where it provides additional high-powered capacity to our satellite fleet. The lease is renewable by us on a month-to-month basis following the initial 15-year term.  

  QuetzSat-1.     In 2008, we entered into a ten-year satellite service agreement with SES Latin America S.A. ("SES Latin America") to lease all of the capacity
on QuetzSat-1. QuetzSat-1 was launched on September 29, 2011 and was placed into service during the fourth quarter of 2011 at the 67.1 degree west longitude orbital location. We commenced
payments under our agreement with SES Latin America upon the placement of the QuetzSat-1 satellite at the 67.1 degree west longitude orbital  

 F-34 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 location.
In 2008, we also entered into an agreement with DISH Network pursuant to which DISH Network has agreed to lease certain of the DBS transponders on QuetzSat-1 from us when it was placed into
commercial operation at the 77 degree west longitude orbital location, which occurred in January 2013. See Note 19 for further discussion on our agreement with DISH Network relating to
QuetzSat-1.  

 Future
minimum lease payments under these capital lease obligations, together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2013, are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   For the Years Ending December 31, 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   2014 
   
 $ 
 144,020 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
   
 90,022 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 87,965 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 87,965 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 87,807 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 433,583 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total minimum lease payments 
   
   
 931,362 
   
 
 
   Less: Amount representing lease of the orbital location and estimated executory costs (primarily insurance and maintenance) including profit thereon,
included in total minimum lease payments 
   
   
 (276,007 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net minimum lease payments 
   
   
 655,355 
   
 
 
   Less: Amount representing interest 
   
   
 (234,555 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Present value of net minimum lease payments 
   
   
 420,800 
   
 
 
   Less: Current portion 
   
   
 (68,360 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Long-term portion of capital lease obligations 
   
 $ 
 352,440 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  For
the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we received sublease rental income of approximately $126.7 million, $78.9 million and $62.2 million, respectively. As
of December 31, 2013, our future minimum sublease rental income was $875.9 million relating to our satellites. See "Nimiq 5 Agreement" and "QuetzSat-1 Agreement" in Note 19
for further discussion on our lease agreements with DISH Network.  

  Note 11. Income Taxes   

 The components of income (loss) before income taxes are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 $ 
 (50,551 
 ) 
 $ 
 172,612 
   
 $ 
 290 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 16,515 
   
   
 22,072 
   
   
 25,485 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total income (loss) before income taxes 
   
 $ 
 (34,036 
 ) 
 $ 
 194,684 
   
 $ 
 25,775 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-35 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 The
components of the benefit (provision) for income taxes are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Current benefit (provision): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
 $ 
 1,118 
   
 $ 
 21,086 
   
 $ 
 (26,450 
 ) 
 
 
   State 
   
   
 6,531 
   
   
 1,943 
   
   
 (291 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 (5,992 
 ) 
   
 (7,775 
 ) 
   
 (3,734 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current benefit (provision) 
   
   
 1,657 
   
   
 15,254 
   
   
 (30,475 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred benefit (provision): 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Federal 
   
   
 26,511 
   
   
 7,841 
   
   
 (464 
 ) 
 
 
   State 
   
   
 10,074 
   
   
 (6,720 
 ) 
   
 9,438 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 (805 
 ) 
   
 (46 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total deferred benefit (provision) 
   
   
 35,780 
   
   
 1,075 
   
   
 8,974 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total income tax benefit (provision), net 
   
 $ 
 37,437 
   
 $ 
 16,329 
   
 $ 
 (21,501 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
actual tax provisions for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 reconcile to the amounts computed by applying the statutory federal tax rate to income (loss) before income taxes
as shown below:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Statutory rate 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
   
 35.0 
 % 
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
   State income taxes, net of Federal benefit 
   
   
 21.0 
 % 
   
 0.8 
 % 
   
  (4.8 
 )% 
 
 
   Dividend received deduction 
   
   
 — 
   
   
  (1.8 
 )% 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Permanent differences 
   
   
  (10.7 
 )% 
   
 1.1 
 % 
   
 14.0 
 % 
 
 
   Tax credits 
   
   
 48.7 
 % 
   
  (5.0 
 )% 
   
  (12.5 
 )% 
 
 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 14.2 
 % 
   
  (39.0 
 )% 
   
 50.5 
 % 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 1.8 
 % 
   
 0.5 
 % 
   
 1.2 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total effective tax rate 
   
   
 110.0 
 % 
   
  (8.4 
 )% 
   
 83.4 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-36 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued   

 The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net operating losses, credit and other carryforwards 
   
 $ 
 419,646 
   
 $ 
 461,931 
   
 
 
   Unrealized losses on investments, net 
   
   
 31,067 
   
   
 14,757 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
   
   
 33,215 
   
   
 26,438 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 8,117 
   
   
 14,942 
   
 
 
   Other asset 
   
   
 12,247 
   
   
 2,848 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 504,292 
   
   
 520,916 
   
 
 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 (79,370 
 ) 
   
 (69,224 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 
   
   
 424,922 
   
   
 451,692 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 (841,407 
 ) 
   
 (798,878 
 ) 
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 (755 
 ) 
   
 (1,454 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (842,162 
 ) 
   
 (800,332 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total net deferred tax liabilities 
   
 $ 
 (417,240 
 ) 
 $ 
 (348,640 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current portion of net deferred tax assets 
   
 $ 
 69,633 
   
 $ 
 23,317 
   
 
 
   Noncurrent portion of net deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (486,873 
 ) 
   
 (371,957 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total net deferred tax liabilities 
   
 $ 
 (417,240 
 ) 
 $ 
 (348,640 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Deferred
tax assets and liabilities reflect the effects of tax losses, credits, and the future income tax effects of temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and are measured using enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled.  

 We
evaluate our deferred tax assets for realization and record a valuation allowance when we determine that it is more likely than not that the amounts will not be realized. Overall, our net deferred
tax assets were offset by a valuation allowance of $79.4 million and $69.2 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance primarily
relates to an increase in realized and unrealized losses that are capital in nature and an increase in the net operating loss carryforwards of certain foreign subsidiaries.  

 Tax
benefits of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are evaluated on an ongoing basis, including a review of historical and projected future operating results, the eligible carryforward
period, and other circumstances. Net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes were $1.02 billion as of December 31, 2013. A substantial portion of these net operating loss
carryforwards will begin to expire in 2020. Capital loss carryforwards for tax purposes were $45.3 million as of December 31, 2013. A substantial portion of these capital loss
carryforwards will begin to expire in 2015. Currently, we have a valuation allowance against all capital loss carryforwards that exist for tax purposes. Tax credits available to offset future tax
liabilities are $26.2 million as of December 31, 2013. A substantial portion of these tax credits will begin to expire in 2026.  

 F-37 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 Additionally,
tax benefit from excess tax deductions attributable to stock-based compensation has resulted in $5.9 million of net operating loss carryforwards that will not be recognized as a
credit to additional paid in capital until such deductions reduce taxes payable. We follow the tax law ordering rules, which assume that stock option deductions are realized when they have been used
for tax purposes.  

 As
of December 31, 2013, we had undistributed earnings attributable to foreign subsidiaries for which no provision for U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes has been made because it is
expected that such earnings will be reinvested outside the U.S. indefinitely. It is not practicable to determine the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability at this time.  

  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes   

 In addition to filing U.S. federal income tax returns, we file income tax returns in all states that impose an income tax. As of December 31,
2013, we are currently under a U.S. federal income tax examination for fiscal year 2009 and 2010. We also file income tax returns in the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Brazil, India and a number of
other foreign jurisdictions where we have insignificant operations. We generally are open to income tax examination in these foreign jurisdictions in taxable years beginning in 2003. As of
December 31, 2013, we have no on-going significant current income tax examinations in process in our foreign jurisdictions.  

 A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized income tax benefits is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefit


 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Balance as of beginning of period 
   
 $ 
 34,677 
   
 $ 
 48,874 
   
 $ 
 29,999 
   
 
 
   Additions from Hughes Acquisition 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,119 
   
 
 
   Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
   
   
 81 
   
   
 158 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Additions based on tax positions related to prior years 
   
   
 9,929 
   
   
 3,723 
   
   
 16,630 
   
 
 
   Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years 
   
   
 (1,253 
 ) 
   
 (855 
 ) 
   
 (874 
 ) 
 
 
   Reductions based on tax settlements 
   
   
 (115 
 ) 
   
 (16,587 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Reductions based on expirations of statute of limitations 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (636 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance as of end of period 
   
 $ 
 43,319 
   
 $ 
 34,677 
   
 $ 
 48,874 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  As
of December 31, 2013, we had $43.3 million of unrecognized income tax benefits, of which $42.5 million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. As of
December 31, 2012, we had $34.7 million of unrecognized income tax benefits, of which $34.7 million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. We do not believe that the
total amount of unrecognized income tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months due to the lapse of statute of limitations or settlement with tax authorities.  


 Our
policy related to interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions is to record them as a component of income tax expense in the accompanying statement of operations. During 2013, 2012 and  

 F-38 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 2011,
we recorded an insignificant amount of interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense on the accompanying statements of operations.  

 Estimates
of our uncertain tax positions are made based upon prior experience and are updated in light of changes in facts and circumstances. However, due to the uncertain and complex application of
tax regulations, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of audits may result in liabilities which could be materially different from these estimates. In such an event, we will record additional
income tax provision or income tax benefit in the period in which such resolution occurs.  

  Note 12. Stockholders' Equity   

  Preferred Stock   

 Our Board of Directors is authorized to divide the preferred stock into series and, with respect to each series, to determine the preferences and
rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the series, including the dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking
fund provisions, the number of shares constituting the series, and the designation of such series. Our Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval, issue additional preferred stock of
existing or new series with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of common stock and could have certain anti-takeover effects. As of December 31,
2013, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding.  

  Common Stock   

 The Class A, Class B, and Class C common stock are equivalent except for voting rights. Holders of Class A and
Class C common stock are entitled to one vote per share and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to 10 votes per share. Each share of Class B and Class C
common stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into one share of Class A common stock. Upon a change in control of DISH Network, each holder of outstanding shares of Class C
common stock is entitled to 10 votes for each share of Class C common stock held. Our principal stockholder owns the majority of all outstanding Class B common stock and, together with
all other stockholders, owns outstanding Class A common stock. There are no shares of Class C common stock outstanding.  

 Each
holder of Class D common stock is not entitled to a vote on any matter. Each share of Class D common stock is entitled to receive dividends and distributions upon liquidation on a
basis equivalent to that of the Class A common stock. There are no shares of Class D common stock outstanding.  

  Common Stock Repurchase Program   

 Pursuant to a stock repurchase plan approved by our Board of Directors, we are authorized to repurchase up to $500.0 million of our
outstanding shares of Class A common stock through and including December 31, 2014. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we did not repurchase any common stock
under this plan.  

  Note 13. Employee Benefit Plans   

  Employee Stock Purchase Plan   

 We have an employee stock purchase plan (the "ESPP"), under which we are authorized to issue 2.5 million shares of Class A common
stock. As of December 31, 2013, we had 1.4 million shares of Class A common stock which remain available for issuance under this plan. Substantially all full-time employees who
have been employed by us for at least one calendar quarter are eligible to participate in  

 F-39 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 the
ESPP. Employee stock purchases are made through payroll deductions. Under the terms of the ESPP, employees may not deduct an amount which would permit such employee to purchase our capital stock
under all of our stock purchase plans at a rate which would exceed $25,000 in fair value of capital stock in any one year. The purchase price of the stock is 85.0% of the closing price of the
Class A common stock on the last business day of each calendar quarter in which such shares of Class A common stock are deemed sold to an employee under the ESPP. For the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, employee purchases of Class A common stock through the ESPP totaled 268,000 shares, 158,000 shares and 140,000 shares, respectively.  

  401(k) Employee Savings Plans   

 During 2011 and 2012, we had two 401(k) employee savings plans; one for eligible employees of Hughes Communications which was in place prior to the
Hughes Acquisition (the "Hughes 401(k) Plan") and one for all of our other eligible employees (the "EchoStar 401(k) Plan"). Effective January 1, 2013, all participant account balances under the
EchoStar 401(k) Plan were transferred to the Hughes 401(k) Plan, which was then renamed, the EchoStar 401(k) Plan (the "Plan"), resulting in a single 401(k) employee savings plan for all of our
eligible employees.  

 Under
the Plan, eligible employees may contribute up to 75.0% of their compensation on a pre-tax basis, subject to the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") limit of $17,500 in 2013. Employee contributions
are immediately vested. The Company will match 50 cents on the dollar for the first 6.0% of the employee's salary that they contribute to the Plan for a total of 3.0% match. The Company will match a
maximum of $7,500. The Company match is calculated each pay period there is an employee contribution. Forfeitures of unvested participant balances which were retained by the EchoStar 401(k) Plan may
be used to fund matching and discretionary contributions. Our Board of Directors may also authorize an annual discretionary contribution to the Plan, subject to the maximum deductible limit provided
by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. These contributions may be made in cash or in our stock. Matching contributions under the Plan vest at 20.0% per year and are 100.0% vested after an
eligible employee has completed five years of service. Matching contributions for eligible employees who participated in the Hughes 401(k) Plan prior to the conversion of the two plans, vest 100.0%
after the eligible employees have completed three years of service.  

 For
the year ended December 31, 2013, we recognized matching contributions, net of forfeitures, of $6.1 million and discretionary stock contributions, net of forfeitures of
$10.3 million to the Plan. For the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, we recognized matching contributions, net of forfeitures, of $1.6 million and $1.5 million,
respectively, and discretionary stock contributions, net of forfeitures of $4.7 million and $4.3 million, respectively, to the EchoStar 401(k) Plan. For the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011, we recognized $6.9 million and $3.5 million of matching contributions, respectively, to the Hughes 401(k) Plan.  

  Note 14. Stock-Based Compensation   

  Stock Incentive Plans   

 We maintain stock incentive plans to attract and retain officers, directors and key employees. Stock awards under these plans include both
performance-based and non-performance based stock incentives. As of December 31, 2013, we had outstanding under these plans stock options to acquire 6.3 million shares of our
Class A common stock and 0.1 million restricted stock units. Stock options granted prior to and on December 31, 2013 were granted with exercise prices equal to or greater than the
market value of our Class A common stock at the date of grant and with a maximum term of ten years. While  

 F-40 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 historically
we have issued stock awards subject to vesting, typically over three to five years, some stock awards have been granted with immediate vesting and other stock awards vest only upon the
achievement of certain company-wide objectives. As of December 31, 2013, we had 4.6 million shares of our Class A common stock available for future grant under our stock incentive
plans.  

 In
connection with the Spin-off, as permitted by DISH Network's existing stock incentive plans and consistent with the Spin-off exchange ratio, each DISH Network stock option was converted into two
stock options as follows: 

 
 
 • an adjusted DISH Network stock option for the same number of shares that were exercisable under the original DISH Network
stock option, with an exercise price equal to the exercise price of the original DISH Network stock option multiplied by 0.831219.  
 • a new EchoStar stock option for one-fifth of the number of shares that were exercisable under the original DISH Network
stock option, with an exercise price equal to the exercise price of the original DISH Network stock option multiplied by 0.843907.  
 

 Similarly,
holders of DISH Network restricted stock units retained their DISH Network restricted stock units and received one EchoStar restricted stock unit for every five DISH Network restricted
stock units that they held.  

 Consequently,
the fair value of the DISH Network stock award and the new EchoStar stock award immediately following the Spin-off was equivalent to the fair value of such stock award immediately prior
to the Spin-off.  

 As
of December 31, 2013, the following stock awards were outstanding:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 EchoStar Awards  
   
 DISH Network Awards  
   
 
 
   
   
 Stock 
Options  
   
 Restricted 
Stock 
Units  
   
 Stock 
Options  
   
 Restricted 
Stock 
Units  
   
 
 
   Held by EchoStar employees 
   
   
 5,949,010 
   
   
 77,589 
   
   
 1,237,944 
   
   
 66,999 
   
 
 
   Held by DISH Network employees 
   
   
 322,048 
   
   
 44,288 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total outstanding stock awards 
   
   
 6,271,058 
   
   
 121,877 
   
   
 1,237,944 
   
   
 66,999 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  We
are responsible for fulfilling all stock awards related to EchoStar common stock and DISH Network is responsible for fulfilling all stock awards related to DISH Network common stock, regardless of
whether such stock awards are held by our employees or DISH Network's employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our stock-based compensation expense, resulting from stock awards outstanding at the
Spin-off date, is based on the stock awards held by our employees regardless of whether such stock awards were issued by EchoStar or DISH Network. Accordingly, stock-based compensation that we
recognize with respect to DISH Network stock awards was included in "Additional paid-in capital" in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

 F-41 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 Exercise
prices for stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2013 are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Options Outstanding  
   
 Options Exercisable  
   
 
 
 Price Range

 

  
   
 Number 
Outstanding as 
of December 31, 
2013  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual Term 
(In Years)  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Number 
Exercisable as 
of December 31, 
2013  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual Term 
(In Years)  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 
 
   $0.00 - $10.00 
   
   
 2,653 
   
   
 2 
   
 $ 
 1.98 
   
   
 2,653 
   
   
 2 
   
 $ 
 1.98 
   
 
 
   $10.01 - $15.00 
   
   
 232,579 
   
   
 5 
   
 $ 
 14.83 
   
   
 80,179 
   
   
 5 
   
 $ 
 14.83 
   
 
 
   $15.01 - $20.00 
   
   
 464,216 
   
   
 6 
   
 $ 
 18.95 
   
   
 163,616 
   
   
 6 
   
 $ 
 18.95 
   
 
 
   $20.01 - $25.00 
   
   
 1,310,457 
   
   
 4 
   
 $ 
 22.53 
   
   
 632,257 
   
   
 5 
   
 $ 
 21.65 
   
 
 
   $25.01 - $30.00 
   
   
 1,154,906 
   
   
 5 
   
 $ 
 28.60 
   
   
 917,406 
   
   
 4 
   
 $ 
 28.72 
   
 
 
   $30.01 - $35.00 
   
   
 431,101 
   
   
 8 
   
 $ 
 33.99 
   
   
 307,001 
   
   
 8 
   
 $ 
 33.97 
   
 
 
   $35.01 - $40.00 
   
   
 2,660,146 
   
   
 8 
   
 $ 
 37.85 
   
   
 609,779 
   
   
 8 
   
 $ 
 37.84 
   
 
 
   $40.00 and above 
   
   
 15,000 
   
   
 10 
   
 $ 
 47.19 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
 6,271,058 
   
   
 6 
   
 $ 
 30.43 
   
   
 2,712,891 
   
   
 6 
   
 $ 
 28.69 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Stock Award Activity   

 Our stock option activity was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 Options  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Options  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Options  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 
 
   Total options outstanding, beginning of period 
   
   
 7,908,300 
   
 $ 
 27.21 
   
   
 8,078,413 
   
 $ 
 26.30 
   
   
 7,795,373 
   
 $ 
 23.24 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 1,190,000 
   
 $ 
 38.75 
   
   
 771,000 
   
 $ 
 30.81 
   
   
 1,955,000 
   
 $ 
 36.01 
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (2,494,893 
 ) 
 $ 
 24.65 
   
   
 (569,073 
 ) 
 $ 
 20.02 
   
   
 (1,082,280 
 ) 
 $ 
 23.59 
   
 
 
   Forfeited and cancelled 
   
   
 (332,349 
 ) 
 $ 
 27.01 
   
   
 (372,040 
 ) 
 $ 
 25.71 
   
   
 (589,680 
 ) 
 $ 
 23.07 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total options outstanding, end of period 
   
   
 6,271,058 
   
 $ 
 30.43 
   
   
 7,908,300 
   
 $ 
 27.21 
   
   
 8,078,413 
   
 $ 
 26.30 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Performance-based options outstanding, end of period(1) 
   
   
 629,300 
   
 $ 
 25.27 
   
   
 632,100 
   
 $ 
 25.28 
   
   
 658,700 
   
 $ 
 25.30 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercisable at end of period 
   
   
 2,712,891 
   
 $ 
 28.69 
   
   
 3,746,166 
   
 $ 
 25.98 
   
   
 2,854,272 
   
 $ 
 25.02 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) These
stock options are included in the caption "Total options outstanding, end of period." See discussion of the 2005 LTIP below.  
  
  We
realized total tax benefits from stock options exercised of $21.9 million, $3.1 million and $4.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively.  

 Based
on the closing market price of our Class A common stock on December 31, 2013, the aggregate intrinsic value of our stock options was $120.9 million for options outstanding
and $57.6 million for options exercisable as of December 31, 2013.  

 F-42 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 Our
restricted stock unit activity was as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 Restricted 
Stock 
Units  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Grant Date 
Fair Value  
   
 Restricted 
Stock 
Units  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Grant Date 
Fair Value  
   
 Restricted 
Stock 
Units  
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
Grant Date 
Fair Value  
   
 
 
   Total restricted stock units outstanding, beginning of period 
   
   
 151,683 
   
 $ 
 30.18 
   
   
 144,226 
   
 $ 
 29.22 
   
   
 107,249 
   
 $ 
 27.33 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 33,333 
   
 $ 
 34.22 
   
   
 69,950 
   
 $ 
 32.00 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (22,876 
 ) 
 $ 
 33.08 
   
   
 (16,210 
 ) 
 $ 
 32.61 
   
   
 (11,225 
 ) 
 $ 
 31.84 
   
 
 
   Forfeited and cancelled 
   
   
 (6,930 
 ) 
 $ 
 24.88 
   
   
 (9,666 
 ) 
 $ 
 25.84 
   
   
 (21,748 
 ) 
 $ 
 27.36 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total restricted stock units outstanding, end of period 
   
   
 121,877 
   
 $ 
 29.93 
   
   
 151,683 
   
 $ 
 30.18 
   
   
 144,226 
   
 $ 
 29.22 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Restricted Performance Units outstanding, end of period(1) 
   
   
 57,680 
   
 $ 
 26.94 
   
   
 64,610 
   
 $ 
 26.72 
   
   
 74,276 
   
 $ 
 26.61 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) These
Restricted Performance Units are included in the caption "Total restricted stock units outstanding, end of period." See discussion of the 2005 LTIP
below.   
  
   Long-Term Performance-Based Plans   

  2005 LTIP.     During 2005, DISH Network adopted a long-term, performance-based stock incentive plan (the "2005 LTIP"). The 2005 LTIP provides stock options and
restricted stock units, either alone or in combination, which vests over seven years at the rate of 10.0% per year during the first four years, and at the rate of 20.0% per year thereafter. Exercise
of the stock awards is subject to the foregoing vesting schedule and a performance condition that a company-specific goal is achieved by March 31, 2015.  

 Contingent
compensation related to the 2005 LTIP will not be recorded in our financial statements unless and until the achievement of the performance condition is probable. The competitive nature of
our industry and certain other factors can significantly impact achievement of the goal. While it was determined that achievement of the goal was not probable as of December 31, 2013, this
assessment could change in the future.  

 If
all of the stock awards under the 2005 LTIP were vested and the goal had been met, or if we had determined that achievement of the goal was probable as of December 31, 2013, we would have
recorded additional non-cash, stock-based compensation expense for our employees of $18.9 million,  

 F-43 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


 consisting
of compensation expense of $16.1 million relating to DISH Network awards and $2.8 million related to EchoStar awards.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2005 LTIP  
   
 
 
   
   
 Total  
   
 Vested 
Portion(1)  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   DISH Network awards held by EchoStar employees 
   
 $ 
 16,127 
   
 $ 
 16,098 
   
 
 
   EchoStar awards held by EchoStar employees 
   
   
 2,774 
   
   
 2,768 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 18,901 
   
 $ 
 18,866 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Represents
the amount of this award that has met the foregoing vesting schedule and would therefore vest upon achievement of the performance condition.  
  
   Stock-Based Compensation   

 Total non-cash, stock-based compensation expense for all of our employees is shown in the following table for the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012 and 2011 and was allocated to the same expense categories as the base compensation for such employees:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Research and development expenses 
   
 $ 
 3,478 
   
 $ 
 2,755 
   
 $ 
 2,411 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
   
 14,875 
   
   
 11,830 
   
   
 13,653 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total stock-based compensation 
   
 $ 
 18,353 
   
 $ 
 14,585 
   
 $ 
 16,064 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  As
of December 31, 2013, total unrecognized stock-based compensation cost, net of estimated forfeiture, related to our non-performance based unvested stock awards was $36.1 million. This
cost is based on an estimated future forfeiture rate of approximately 2.0% per year and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately two years.  


  Valuation   

 The fair value of each stock option granted for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was estimated at the date of the grant using
a Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following assumptions:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
 
 
 Stock Options

 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
 0.99% - 1.54% 
   
 0.82% - 1.33% 
   
 1.08% - 2.57% 
 
 
   Volatility factor 
   
 37.54% - 42.23% 
   
 40.36% - 41.12% 
   
 34.68% - 38.92% 
 
 
   Expected term of options in years 
   
 5.4 - 5.5 
   
 5.9 - 6.0 
   
 5.1 - 6.0 
 
 
   Weighted-average grant-date fair value 
   
 $15.59 - $17.20 
   
 $10.60 - $13.70 
   
 $  8.07 - $14.42 
 
 
 
  
  F-44 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued   

 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and accordingly, the dividend yield percentage used in the Black-Scholes option valuation model was assumed to
be zero for all periods. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded stock options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. Consequently, our estimate of fair value may differ from other valuation models. Further, the Black-Scholes option valuation model requires the input of subjective assumptions. Changes
in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate.  

  Note 15. Acquisitions   

 When we acquire a business, we assign the purchase price to the acquired assets and liabilities based upon their fair value using various valuation
techniques, including the market approach, income approach, and/or cost approach.  

 The
accounting standard for business combinations requires most identifiable assets, liabilities, noncontrolling interests, and goodwill acquired to be recorded at fair value. Transaction costs
related to the acquisition of the business are expensed as incurred. Costs associated with the issuance of debt associated with a business combination are capitalized and included as a yield
adjustment to the underlying debt's stated rate.  

  Hughes Communications   

 On June 8, 2011, we completed the Hughes Acquisition, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger (the "Hughes Agreement") by and between us,
certain of our subsidiaries, including EchoStar Satellite Services L.L.C., and Hughes Communications, Inc. Pursuant to the Hughes Agreement, 100.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of
common stock and vested stock options of Hughes Communications, Inc. were converted into the right to receive $60.70 (minus any applicable exercise price) in cash and substantially all of the
outstanding debt of Hughes Communications, Inc. was repaid. The funding of the Hughes Acquisition was supported by the issuance of the Notes. See Note 10 for further discussion.  

 In
connection with the Hughes Acquisition, each share of unvested restricted stock and unvested stock option of Hughes Communications, Inc. was converted into the right to receive $60.70 (minus
any applicable exercise price) in cash on the vesting date of the stock award. As of December 31, 2013, our maximum liability for these unvested stock awards of Hughes
Communications, Inc. was approximately $4.4 million, which is payable based on the original vesting terms of the stock award. Of the $4.4 million, $3.5 million was accrued
as of December 31, 2013, the remainder of which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period associated with the original stock award, the last of which expires in 2014.  


 Hughes
Communications is a global leader in broadband satellite technologies and services and a leading provider of managed network services. Together with Hughes Communications, we have an extensive
fleet of owned and leased satellites, experienced personnel and communications facilities around the world. The Hughes Acquisition significantly expands our ability to provide new video and data
products and solutions.  

 F-45 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


 The
Hughes Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. The aggregate purchase price for the acquisition was assigned to the acquired assets and liabilities, as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Amount  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Cash 
   
 $ 
 98,900 
   
 
 
   Marketable investment securities 
   
   
 22,148 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 282,471 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment 
   
   
 930,426 
   
 
 
   Goodwill (non-deductible) 
   
   
 504,173 
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets 
   
   
 420,907 
   
 
 
   Regulatory authorizations 
   
   
 400,000 
   
 
 
   Other noncurrent assets 
   
   
 61,463 
   
 
 
   Current liabilities 
   
   
 (293,029 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (220,928 
 ) 
 
 
   Long-term liabilities 
   
   
 (22,239 
 ) 
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (9,679 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total purchase price 
   
 $ 
 2,174,613 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  During
2011, in connection with the Hughes Acquisition, we incurred $35.3 million of acquisition related transaction costs consisting primarily of banking, bond forfeiture, legal and accounting
fees. These costs are included in "Other, net" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss).  

 The
following unaudited pro forma consolidated operating results for the year ended December 31, 2011 give effect to the Hughes Acquisition as if it occurred on January 1, 2010. These
pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred if these transactions had occurred on such date and should not be used as a predictive measure of our
future financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. The pro forma adjustments are based on currently available information and certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Supplemental pro forma financial information (Unaudited)

 

  
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2011  
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 3,226,721 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 21,582 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic EPS 
   
 $ 
 0.25 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted EPS 
   
 $ 
 0.25 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Effective
June 9, 2011, revenue and expenses associated with the Hughes Acquisition are included within the Hughes segment in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
(Loss). See Note 17 for further information.  

 F-46 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies   


  Commitments   

 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2013 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our
liquidity and cash flow in future periods:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Payments due in the Year Ending December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 Total  
   
 2014  
   
 2015  
   
 2016  
   
 2017  
   
 2018  
   
 Thereafter  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt obligations 
   
 $ 
 2,001,588 
   
 $ 
 1,431 
   
 $ 
 150 
   
 $ 
 7 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 2,000,000 
   
 
 
   Capital lease obligations 
   
   
 420,800 
   
   
 68,360 
   
   
 28,005 
   
   
 29,074 
   
   
 32,414 
   
   
 35,949 
   
   
 226,998 
   
 
 
   Interest expense on long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
   
   
 1,143,017 
   
   
 180,475 
   
   
 175,822 
   
   
 172,990 
   
   
 169,863 
   
   
 166,378 
   
   
 277,489 
   
 
 
   Satellite-related obligations 
   
   
 1,106,738 
   
   
 466,992 
   
   
 236,438 
   
   
 68,222 
   
   
 52,414 
   
   
 45,914 
   
   
 236,758 
   
 
 
   Operating lease obligations 
   
   
 71,170 
   
   
 22,143 
   
   
 18,589 
   
   
 12,918 
   
   
 8,460 
   
   
 2,830 
   
   
 6,230 
   
 
 
   Purchase and other obligations 
   
   
 212,108 
   
   
 207,107 
   
   
 1,667 
   
   
 1,667 
   
   
 1,667 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 4,955,421 
   
 $ 
 946,508 
   
 $ 
 460,671 
   
 $ 
 284,878 
   
 $ 
 264,818 
   
 $ 
 251,071 
   
 $ 
 2,747,475 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  "Satellite-related
obligations" primarily includes, among other things, payment pursuant to agreements for the construction of the EchoStar XIX and TerreStar-2 satellites, payments pursuant to launch
services contracts, executory costs for our capital lease satellites, costs under transponder agreements and in-orbit incentives relating to certain satellites.  

 Our
"Purchase and other obligations" primarily consists of binding purchase orders for digital set-top boxes and related components. Our purchase obligations can fluctuate significantly from period to
period due to, among other things, management's control of inventory levels, and can materially impact our future operating asset and liability balances, and our future working capital requirements.  

 The
table above does not include amounts related to deferred tax liabilities, unrecognized tax positions and certain other amounts recorded in our noncurrent liabilities as the timing of any payments
is uncertain. The table also excludes long-term deferred revenue and other long-term liabilities that do not require future cash payments.  

 In
certain circumstances, the dates on which we are obligated to pay our contractual obligations could change.  

  Rent Expense   

 For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, we recorded $22.6 million, $23.4 million and $16.9 million,
respectively, of operating lease expense relating to the leases of office, equipment, and other facilities. Rent expense excludes satellite-related expenses incurred of $181.2 million,
$161.6 million and $109.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively  

  Patents and Intellectual Property   

 Many entities, including some of our competitors, have or may in the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights that cover or
affect products or services directly or indirectly related to those that we offer. We may not be aware of all patents and other intellectual property rights that our products and services may
potentially infringe. Damages in patent infringement cases can be  

 F-47 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 substantial,
and in certain circumstances can be trebled. Further, we cannot estimate the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain licenses with respect to intellectual property
rights held by others and the availability and cost of any such licenses. Various parties have asserted patent and other intellectual property rights with respect to components within our direct
broadcast satellite products and services. We cannot be certain that these persons do not own the rights they claim, that these rights are not valid or that our products and services do not infringe
on these rights. Further, we cannot be certain that we would be able to obtain licenses from these persons on commercially reasonable terms or, if we were unable to obtain such licenses, that we would
be able to redesign our products and services to avoid infringement.  

  Contingencies   

  Separation Agreement   

 In connection with the Spin-off, we entered into a separation agreement with DISH Network that provides, among other things, for the division of
certain liabilities, including liabilities resulting from litigation. Under the terms of the separation agreement, we have assumed certain liabilities that relate to our business including certain
designated liabilities for acts or omissions that occurred prior to the Spin-off. Certain specific provisions govern intellectual property related claims under which, generally, we will only be liable
for our acts or omissions following the Spin-off and DISH Network will indemnify us for any liabilities or damages resulting from intellectual property claims relating to the period prior to the
Spin-off as well as DISH Network's acts or omissions following the Spin-off.  

  Litigation   

 We are involved in a number of legal proceedings (including those described below) concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our
business activities. Many of these proceedings are at preliminary stages, and many of these proceedings seek an indeterminate amount of damages. We regularly evaluate the status of the legal
proceedings in which we are involved to assess whether a loss is probable or there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may have been incurred and to determine if accruals are
appropriate. If accruals are not appropriate, we further evaluate each legal proceeding to assess whether an estimate of the possible loss or range of possible loss can be made. We record an accrual
for litigation and other loss contingencies when we determine that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Legal fees and other costs of defending litigation are
charged to expense as incurred.  

 For
certain cases described below, management is unable to provide a meaningful estimate of the possible loss or range of possible loss because, among other reasons, (i) the proceedings are in
various stages; (ii) damages have not been sought; (iii) damages are unsupported and/or exaggerated; (iv) there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions;
(v) there are significant factual issues to be resolved; and/or (vi) there are novel legal issues or unsettled legal theories to be presented or a large number of parties are involved
(as with many patent-related cases). For these cases, however, management does not believe, based on currently available information, that the outcomes of these proceedings will have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, though the outcomes could
be material to our operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period.  

 F-48 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


  California Institute of Technology   

 On October 1, 2013, the California Institute of Technology ("Caltech") filed suit against two of our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Hughes Communications, Inc. and Hughes Network Systems, LLC, as well as against DISH Network, DISH Network L.L.C., and dishNET Satellite Broadband L.L.C., in the United States District
Court for the Central District of California alleging infringement of United States Patent Nos. 7,116,710; 7,421,032; 7,916,781; and 8,284,833, each of which is entitled "Serial Concatenation
of Interleaved Convolutional Codes forming Turbo-Like Codes." Caltech appears to assert that encoding data as specified by the DVB-S2 standard infringes each of the asserted patents.  


 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patents, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages, and/or an injunction that could require us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to our consumers. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the
suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  CRFD Research, Inc. (a subsidiary of Marathon Patent Group, Inc.)   

 On January 17, 2014, CRFD Research, Inc. ("CRFD") filed a complaint against EchoStar Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary,
EchoStar Technologies L.L.C., as well as against DISH Network, DISH DBS and DISH Network L.L.C., in United States District Court for the District of Delaware, alleging infringement of United States
Patent No. 7,191,233 (the "233 patent"). The 233 patent is entitled "System for Automated, Mid-Session, User-Directed, Device-to-Device Session Transfer System," and relates to transferring an
ongoing software session from one device to another. CRFD alleges that certain of our set-top boxes infringe the 233 patent. On the same day, CRFD filed patent infringement complaints against
AT&T Inc., Comcast Corp., DirecTV, Time Warner Cable Inc., Cox Communications, Inc., Level 3 Communications, Inc., Akamai Technologies, Inc., Cablevision
Systems Corp. and Limelight Networks, Inc. CRFD is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein.  


 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patent, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages, and/or an injunction that could require us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to consumers. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit
or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  E-Contact Technologies, LLC   

 On February 22, 2012, E-Contact Technologies, LLC ("E-Contact") filed suit against two of our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Hughes Communications, Inc. and Hughes Network Systems, LLC, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of United States Patent
No. 5,347,579, which is entitled "Personal Computer Diary." E-Contact appeared to assert that some portion of HughesNet email services infringed that patent. On April 17, 2013, the Court
ordered E-Contact to show cause as to why the case should not be dismissed in light of a number of E-Contact's patent claims being invalidated in an associated case,  E-Contact
Technologies, Inc. v. Apple, Inc. et al. , 1:11-cv-432 (E.D. Tex.). On April 22, 2013, the Court granted a stipulated motion that dismissed with prejudice
E-Contact's claims against us, and the matter is now concluded.  

 F-49 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  The Hopper Litigation   

 On May 24, 2012, DISH Network L.L.C., filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against American
Broadcasting Companies, Inc. ("ABC"), CBS Corporation ("CBS"), Fox Entertainment Group, Inc., Fox Television Holdings, Inc., Fox Cable Network Services, L.L.C. (collectively,
"Fox") and NBCUniversal Media, LLC ("NBC"). The lawsuit seeks a declaratory judgment that DISH Network L.L.C is not infringing any defendant's copyright, or breaching any defendant's
retransmission consent agreement, by virtue of the PrimeTime Anytime™ and AutoHop™ features in the Hopper™ set-top boxes we design and sell to DISH Network. A
consumer can use the PrimeTime Anytime feature at his or her option, to record certain primetime programs airing on ABC, CBS, Fox, and/or NBC up to every night, and to store those recordings for up to
eight days. A consumer can use the AutoHop feature at his or her option, to watch certain recordings the subscriber made with our PrimeTime Anytime feature, commercial-free, if played back the next
day after the show's original airing.  

 Later
on May 24, 2012, (i) Fox Broadcasting Company, Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp. and Fox Television Holdings, Inc. filed a lawsuit against DISH Network and DISH Network
L.L.C. (collectively, "DISH") in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, alleging that the PrimeTime Anytime feature, the AutoHop feature, as well as DISH's use of
Sling placeshifting functionality infringe their copyrights and breach their retransmission consent agreements, (ii) NBC Studios LLC, Universal Network Television, LLC, Open 4
Business Productions LLC and NBCUniversal Media, LLC filed a lawsuit against DISH in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, alleging that the PrimeTime
Anytime feature and the AutoHop feature infringe their copyrights, and (iii) CBS Broadcasting Inc., CBS Studios Inc. and Survivor Productions LLC filed a lawsuit against
DISH in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, alleging that the PrimeTime Anytime feature and the AutoHop feature infringe their copyrights.  

 As
a result of certain parties' competing counterclaims and venue-related motions brought in both the New York and California actions, and certain networks filing various amended complaints, the
claims are presently pending in the following venues: (1) the copyright and contract claims regarding the ABC parties are pending in New York; (2) the copyright and contract claims
regarding the CBS parties are pending in New York; (3) the copyright and contract claims regarding the Fox parties are pending in California; and (4) the copyright and contract claims
regarding the NBC parties are pending in California.  

 On
September 21, 2012, the United States District Court for the Central District of California heard the Fox plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Hopper set-top box's
PrimeTime Anytime and AutoHop features and, on November 7, 2012, entered an order denying the motion. The Fox plaintiffs appealed and on July 24, 2013, the United States Court of Appeals
for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the denial of the Fox plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction as to the PrimeTime Anytime and AutoHop features. On August 7, 2013, the Fox plaintiffs
filed a petition for rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was denied on January 24, 2014. On March 27, 2013, at the request of the parties, the United States District Court for the
Central District of California granted a stay of all proceedings in the action brought by the NBC plaintiffs, pending resolution of the appeal by the Fox plaintiffs.  

 On
August 17, 2012, the NBC plaintiffs filed a first amended complaint in their California action adding us and our wholly-owned subsidiary EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. to the NBC litigation,
alleging various claims of copyright infringement. We and our subsidiary answered on September 18,  

 F-50 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 2012.
On October 9, 2012, the ABC plaintiffs filed copyright counterclaims in the New York action against EchoStar Technologies, L.L.C., with the CBS plaintiffs filing similar copyright
counterclaims in the New York action against EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. on October 12, 2012. Additionally, the CBS
plaintiffs have filed a counterclaim alleging that DISH fraudulently concealed the AutoHop feature when negotiating renewal of its CBS retransmission consent agreement. On November 23, 2012,
the ABC plaintiffs filed a motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Hopper set-top box's PrimeTime Anytime and AutoHop features. On September 18, 2013, the New York court denied that
motion. The ABC plaintiffs appealed, and oral argument on the appeal began on February 20, 2014 before the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In addition, on
February 21, 2013, the Fox plaintiffs filed a second motion for preliminary injunction against: (i) DISH, seeking to enjoin the Hopper Transfers™ feature in the
second-generation Hopper set-top box, alleging breach of a retransmission consent agreement; and (ii) EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. and DISH, seeking to enjoin the Sling placeshifting
functionality in the second-generation Hopper set-top box, alleging copyright infringement by both defendants, and breach of the earlier-mentioned retransmission consent agreement by DISH. A hearing
on that motion was held on April 19, 2013, the Fox plaintiffs' motion was denied on September 23, 2013, and the Fox plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on October 22, 2013. The
Fox claims are set for trial on January 13, 2015, and the ABC and CBS claims are set to be trial-ready on April 17, 2015.  

 We
intend to vigorously prosecute and defend our position in these cases. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted copyrights, we may be subject to substantial
damages, and/or an injunction that could require us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to DISH Network. An adverse decision against DISH Network could decrease the number of
Sling enabled set-top boxes we sell to DISH Network, which could have an adverse impact on the business operations of our EchoStar Technologies segment. In addition, to the extent that DISH Network
experiences fewer gross new subscriber additions, sales of our digital set-top boxes and related components to DISH Network may further decline, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on
our financial position and results of operations. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of these suits or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  


  Lightsquared/Harbinger Capital Partners LLC (LightSquared Bankruptcy)   

 On August 6, 2013, Harbinger Capital Partners LLC and other affiliates of Harbinger (collectively, "Harbinger"), a shareholder of
LightSquared Inc., filed an adversary proceeding against EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network Corporation, L-Band Acquisition, LLC ("LBAC"), Charles W. Ergen (our Chairman), SP Special
Opportunities, LLC ("SPSO") (an entity controlled by Mr. Ergen), and certain other parties, in the LightSquared bankruptcy cases pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the
Southern District of New York (the "Bankruptcy Court"), which cases are jointly administered under the caption In re LightSquared Inc., et. al., Case No. 12 12080 (SCC). Harbinger
alleged, among other things, claims based on fraud, unfair competition, civil conspiracy and tortious interference with prospective economic advantage related to certain purchases of LightSquared
secured debt by SPSO. Subsequently, LightSquared intervened to join in certain claims alleged against certain defendants other than EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network Corporation and LBAC.  

 On
October 29, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court dismissed all of the claims against us in Harbinger's complaint in their entirety, but granted leave for LightSquared to file its own complaint in
intervention. On November 15, 2013, LightSquared filed its complaint, which included various claims against
EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network Corporation, Mr. Ergen and SPSO. On December 2, 2013, Harbinger filed an amended complaint, asserting various claims against SPSO. On
December 12, 2013,  

 F-51 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 the
Bankruptcy Court dismissed several of the claims asserted by LightSquared and Harbinger. The surviving claims include, among others, LightSquared's claims against SPSO for declaratory relief,
breach of contract and statutory disallowance; LightSquared's tortious interference claim against EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network Corporation and Mr. Ergen; and Harbinger's claim against
SPSO for equitable disallowance. These claims proceeded to a non-jury trial on January 9, 2014, which concluded on January 17, 2014. The parties are in the process of post-trial briefing
and a hearing for closing arguments has been set for March 12, 2014.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this proceeding and cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of this proceeding or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  Nazomi Communications, Inc.   

 On February 10, 2010, Nazomi Communications, Inc. ("Nazomi") filed suit against Sling Media, Inc. ("Sling"), our indirect wholly
owned subsidiary, as well as Nokia Corp, Nokia Inc., Microsoft Corp., Amazon.com Inc., Western Digital Corp., Western Digital Technologies, Inc., Garmin Ltd., Garmin Corp.,
Garmin International, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc., Vizio Inc. and iOmega Corp in the United States District Court for the Central District of California alleging infringement of United
States Patent No. 7,080,362 (the "362 patent") and United States Patent No. 7,225,436 (the "436 patent"). The 362 patent and the 436 patent relate to Java hardware acceleration. On
August 14, 2012, the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, to which the case had earlier been transferred, granted Sling's motion for summary judgment of
non-infringement. On January 10, 2014, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the District Court's grant of summary judgment.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe any of the asserted patents, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include
treble damages, and/or an injunction that could require us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to consumers. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the
suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  Network Acceleration Technologies, LLC   

 On November 30, 2012, Network Acceleration Technologies, LLC ("NAT") filed suit against Hughes Network Systems, LLC, our
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of United States Patent No. 6,091,710 (the "710 patent"), which is
entitled "System and Method for Preventing Data Slow Down Over Asymmetric Data Transmission Links." NAT re-filed its case on July 19, 2013. NAT is an entity that seeks to license an acquired
patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patent, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages, as well as an ongoing royalty obligation. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

 F-52 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued   

  Personalized Media Communications, Inc.   

 During 2008, Personalized Media Communications, Inc. ("PMC") filed suit against EchoStar Corporation, DISH Network and Motorola Inc. in
the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of United States Patent Nos. 5,109,414, 4,965,825, 5,233,654, 5,335,277, and 5,887,243, which relate to
satellite signal processing. PMC is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein. Subsequently, Motorola Inc. settled
with PMC, leaving DISH Network and us as defendants. On July 18, 2012, pursuant to a Court order, PMC filed a Second Amended Complaint that added Rovi Guides, Inc. (f/k/a/ Gemstar-TV
Guide International, Inc.) and TVG-PMC, Inc. (collectively, "Gemstar") as a party, and added a new claim against all defendants seeking a declaratory judgment as to the scope of
Gemstar's license to the patents in suit, under which DISH Network and we are sub licensees. A new trial date has not yet been set.  


 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe any of the asserted patents, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include
treble damages, and/or an injunction that could cause us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified by DISH Network for any potential
liability or damages resulting from this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of the Spin-off. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine
the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  Premier International Associates, LLC   

 On August 3, 2012, Premier International Associates, LLC ("Premier International Associates") filed suit against EchoStar Corporation,
our wholly-owned subsidiary EchoStar Technologies L.L.C. and DISH Network and its indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, DISH DBS and DISH Network L.L.C., in the United States District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois alleging infringement of United States Patent No. 6,243,725 (the "725 patent"), which is entitled "List Building System." The 725 patent relates to a system for
building an inventory of audio/visual works. Premier International Associates is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited
therein. On March 27, 2013, Premier International Associates dismissed the action against us and the DISH Network defendants with prejudice, pursuant to a settlement under which we and the DISH
Network defendants made an immaterial payment in exchange for a license to certain patents and patent applications.  

  Shareholder Derivative Litigation   

 On December 5, 2012, Greg Jacobi, derivatively on behalf of EchoStar Corporation, filed suit (the "Jacobi Litigation") against
Charles W. Ergen, Michael T. Dugan, R. Stanton Dodge, Tom A. Ortolf, C. Michael Schroeder, Joseph P. Clayton, David K. Moskowitz, and EchoStar
Corporation in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada. The complaint alleges that a March 2011 attempted grant of 1.5 million stock options to Charles Ergen breached
defendants' fiduciary duties, resulted in unjust enrichment, and constituted a waste of corporate assets.  

 On
December 18, 2012, Chester County Employees' Retirement Fund, derivatively on behalf of EchoStar Corporation, filed a suit (the "Chester County Litigation") against Charles W. Ergen,
Michael T. Dugan, R. Stanton Dodge, Tom A. Ortolf, C. Michael Schroeder, Anthony M. Federico, Pradman P. Kaul, Joseph P. Clayton, and EchoStar
Corporation in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado. The complaint similarly alleges that the March 2011 attempted grant of  

 F-53 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 1.5 million
stock options to Charles Ergen breached defendants' fiduciary duties, resulted in unjust enrichment, and constituted a waste of corporate assets.  


 On
February 22, 2013, the Chester County Litigation was transferred to the District of Nevada, and on April 3, 2013, the Chester County Litigation was consolidated into the Jacobi
Litigation.  

 Of
the attempted grant of 1.5 million options to Mr. Ergen in 2011, only 800,000 were validly granted and remain outstanding. We intend to vigorously defend these cases. We cannot
predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of any potential liability.  

  Technology Development and Licensing, LLC   

 On January 22, 2009, Technology Development and Licensing, LLC ("TDL") filed suit against EchoStar Corporation and DISH
Network in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois alleging infringement of United States Patent No. Re. 35,952, which relates to certain favorite channel features. TDL
is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein. In July 2009, the Court granted our motion to stay the case pending two
reexamination petitions before the United States Patent and Trademark Office.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patent, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages, and/or an injunction that could cause us to materially modify certain features that we currently offer to consumers. We are being indemnified by DISH Network for any potential liability or
damages resulting from this suit relating to the period prior to the effective date of the Spin-off. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of
any potential liability or damages.  

  TQP Development, LLC   

 On October 11, 2012, TQP Development, LLC ("TQP") filed suit against our indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, Sling Media, Inc.
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging infringement of United States Patent No. 5,412,730, which is entitled "Encrypted Data Transmission System
Employing Means for Randomly Altering the Encryption Keys." On November 14, 2012, TQP filed suit in the same venue against Hughes Network Systems, LLC, our indirectly wholly owned
subsidiary, alleging infringement of the same patent. TQP is an entity that seeks to license an acquired patent portfolio without itself practicing any of the claims recited therein. On July 8,
2013, the Court granted a joint motion to dismiss the claims against Sling without prejudice.  

 We
intend to vigorously defend this case. In the event that a court ultimately determines that we infringe the asserted patent, we may be subject to substantial damages, which may include treble
damages. We cannot predict with any degree of certainty the outcome of the suit or determine the extent of any potential liability or damages.  

  Other   

 In addition to the above actions, we are subject to various other legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. In
our opinion, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to any of these actions is unlikely to materially affect our financial position, results of operations or liquidity, though the outcomes
could be material to our operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period.  

 F-54 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Note 17. Segment Reporting   

 Operating segments are business components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available and regularly evaluated by the
chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), who for EchoStar is the Company's Chief Executive Officer. Under this definition, we operate three primary business segments.  

 
 
 • EchoStar Technologies— which designs, develops and distributes
digital set-top boxes and related products and technology, primarily for satellite TV service providers, telecommunication companies and international cable companies. Our EchoStar Technologies
segment also provides digital broadcast operations, including satellite uplinking/downlinking, transmission services, signal processing, conditional access management, and other services primarily to
DISH Network. In addition, we provide our Slingboxes directly to consumers via retail outlets and online.  
 • Hughes— which provides satellite broadband internet access to
North American consumers and broadband network services and equipment to domestic and international enterprise markets. The Hughes segment also provides managed services to large enterprises and
solutions to customers for mobile satellite systems.  
 • EchoStar Satellite Services— which uses certain of our owned
and leased in-orbit satellites and related licenses to lease capacity on a full-time and occasional-use basis primarily to DISH Network, and secondarily to Dish Mexico, United States government
service providers, state agencies, internet service providers, broadcast news organizations, programmers, and private enterprise customers.  
 

 The
primary measure of segment profitability that is reported regularly to our CODM is earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA. Our segment operating results do not
include real estate and other activities, costs of certain business development activities, expenses of various corporate departments and our centralized treasury operations, including income from our
investment portfolio and interest expense on our debt. These activities are accounted for in the "All Other and Eliminations" column in the table below. Total assets by segment have not been reported
herein because the information is not provided to our CODM on a regular basis. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, transactions between segments were not significant.  

 F-55 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


 The
following tables present revenue, capital expenditures, and EBITDA for each of our operating segments and reconciles total consolidated EBITDA to reported "Income (loss) before income taxes" in
our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 EchoStar 
Technologies  
   
 Hughes  
   
 EchoStar 
Satellite 
Services  
   
 All 
Other and 
Eliminations  
   
 Consolidated 
Total  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 

 

 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   External revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,715,579 
   
 $ 
 1,215,783 
   
 $ 
 326,828 
   
 $ 
 24,262 
   
 $ 
 3,282,452 
   
 
 
   Intersegment revenue 
   
 $ 
 412 
   
 $ 
 2,343 
   
 $ 
 3,349 
   
 $ 
 (6,104 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,715,991 
   
 $ 
 1,218,126 
   
 $ 
 330,177 
   
 $ 
 18,158 
   
 $ 
 3,282,452 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 56,935 
   
 $ 
 186,561 
   
 $ 
 12,700 
   
 $ 
 135,677 
   
 $ 
 391,873 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 136,057 
   
 $ 
 281,513 
   
 $ 
 235,993 
   
 $ 
 (3,466 
 ) 
 $ 
 650,097 
   
 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 

 
 
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   External revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,658,203 
   
 $ 
 1,156,590 
   
 $ 
 275,280 
   
 $ 
 31,631 
   
 $ 
 3,121,704 
   
 
 
   Intersegment revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,826 
   
 $ 
 2,124 
   
 $ 
 2,705 
   
 $ 
 (6,655 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,660,029 
   
 $ 
 1,158,714 
   
 $ 
 277,985 
   
 $ 
 24,976 
   
 $ 
 3,121,704 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 69,809 
   
 $ 
 292,222 
   
 $ 
 118,998 
   
 $ 
 31,976 
   
 $ 
 513,005 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 110,933 
   
 $ 
 265,756 
   
 $ 
 212,549 
   
 $ 
 204,660 
   
 $ 
 793,898 
   
 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2011 

 

 
 
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   External revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,780,491 
   
 $ 
 675,586 
   
 $ 
 277,707 
   
 $ 
 27,647 
   
 $ 
 2,761,431 
   
 
 
   Intersegment revenue 
   
 $ 
 151 
   
 $ 
 636 
   
 $ 
 418 
   
 $ 
 (1,205 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 1,780,642 
   
 $ 
 676,222 
   
 $ 
 278,125 
   
 $ 
 26,442 
   
 $ 
 2,761,431 
   
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
   
 $ 
 81,420 
   
 $ 
 156,768 
   
 $ 
 119,004 
   
 $ 
 19,980 
   
 $ 
 377,172 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 144,753 
   
 $ 
 167,100 
   
 $ 
 197,848 
   
 $ 
 (26,895 
 ) 
 $ 
 482,806 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   EBITDA 
   
 $ 
 650,097 
   
 $ 
 793,898 
   
 $ 
 482,806 
   
 
 
   Interest income and expense, net 
   
   
 (177,898 
 ) 
   
 (141,853 
 ) 
   
 (71,772 
 ) 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 (507,111 
 ) 
   
 (457,326 
 ) 
   
 (385,894 
 ) 
 
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 876 
   
   
 (35 
 ) 
   
 635 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income (loss) before income taxes 
   
 $ 
 (34,036 
 ) 
 $ 
 194,684 
   
 $ 
 25,775 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Geographic Information and Transactions with Major Customers   

  Geographic Information.     Revenue is attributed to geographic regions based upon the location where the goods and services are provided. North America revenue
includes transactions with North America customers. All other revenue includes transactions with customers in Asia, Africa, Australia, Europe,  

 F-56 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 South
America, and the Middle East. The following table summarizes total long-lived assets and revenue attributed to the North America and other foreign locations.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
 Long-lived assets:

 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   North America: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 3,745,403 
   
 $ 
 3,921,385 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 947 
   
   
 40 
   
 
 
   All other 
   
   
 150,139 
   
   
 108,991 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 3,896,489 
   
 $ 
 4,030,416 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
 Revenue:

 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   North America: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 2,819,968 
   
 $ 
 2,403,976 
   
 $ 
 2,229,498 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 215,787 
   
   
 360,590 
   
   
 316,060 
   
 
 
   All other 
   
   
 246,697 
   
   
 357,138 
   
   
 215,873 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 3,282,452 
   
 $ 
 3,121,704 
   
 $ 
 2,761,431 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Transactions with Major Customers.     For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, our revenue included sales to two major customers. The following
table summarizes sales to each customer and its percentage of total revenue.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Total revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   DISH Network: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   EchoStar Technologies segment 
   
 $ 
 1,546,051 
   
 $ 
 1,277,038 
   
 $ 
 1,413,940 
   
 
 
   Hughes segment 
   
   
 113,869 
   
   
 34,017 
   
   
 1,854 
   
 
 
   EchoStar Satellite Services segment 
   
   
 247,174 
   
   
 201,300 
   
   
 215,741 
   
 
 
   All Other and Eliminations 
   
   
 24,541 
   
   
 31,409 
   
   
 23,394 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total DISH Network 
   
   
 1,931,635 
   
   
 1,543,764 
   
   
 1,654,929 
   
 
 
   Bell TV (EchoStar Technologies segment) 
   
   
 77,475 
   
   
 222,038 
   
   
 218,329 
   
 
 
   All other 
   
   
 1,273,342 
   
   
 1,355,902 
   
   
 888,173 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 3,282,452 
   
 $ 
 3,121,704 
   
 $ 
 2,761,431 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Percentage of total revenue: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   DISH Network 
   
   
 58.8 
 % 
   
 49.5 
 % 
   
 59.9 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Bell TV 
   
   
 2.4 
 % 
   
 7.1 
 % 
   
 7.9 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   All other 
   
   
 38.8 
 % 
   
 43.4 
 % 
   
 32.2 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-57 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Note 18. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)   

 Our quarterly results of operations are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Three Months Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 March 31  
   
 June 30  
   
 September 30  
   
 December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2013: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 795,454 
   
 $ 
 830,003 
   
 $ 
 848,908 
   
 $ 
 808,087 
   
 
 
   Operating income 
   
 $ 
 23,936 
   
 $ 
 6,088 
   
 $ 
 40,904 
   
 $ 
 32,659 
   
 
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 3,458 
   
 $ 
 (9,759 
 ) 
 $ 
 4,320 
   
 $ 
 4,506 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings (loss) per share 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 ) 
 $ 
 0.05 
   
 $ 
 0.05 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
   
 $ 
 0.04 
   
 $ 
 (0.11 
 ) 
 $ 
 0.05 
   
 $ 
 0.05 
   
 
 
   Year ended December 31, 2012: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Total revenue 
   
 $ 
 764,780 
   
 $ 
 806,004 
   
 $ 
 764,721 
   
 $ 
 786,199 
   
 
 
   Operating income 
   
 $ 
 29,410 
   
 $ 
 45,933 
   
 $ 
 23,880 
   
 $ 
 663 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to EchoStar 
   
 $ 
 126,588 
   
 $ 
 35,682 
   
 $ 
 22,554 
   
 $ 
 26,224 
   
 
 
   Basic EPS 
   
 $ 
 1.46 
   
 $ 
 0.41 
   
 $ 
 0.26 
   
 $ 
 0.29 
   
 
 
   Diluted EPS 
   
 $ 
 1.45 
   
 $ 
 0.41 
   
 $ 
 0.26 
   
 $ 
 0.28 
   
 
 
 
  
  For
the quarter ended December 31, 2013, our operating results included (i) $7.8 million in non-operating interest income and gains in connection with the settlement of certain
accounts receivable and (ii) a goodwill impairment charge of $3.8 million.  

 For
the quarter ended December 31, 2012, our operating results included (i) a $28.5 million nonrecurring dividend from a strategic investment and (ii) $32.8 million
in impairment charges for certain of our goodwill and intangible assets.  

  Note 19. Related Party Transactions   

  DISH Network   

 Following the Spin-off, we and DISH Network have operated as separate public companies and DISH Network has no ownership interest in us. However, a
substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of both companies is owned beneficially by Charles W. Ergen, our Chairman, and by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the
benefit of his family.  

 In
connection with and following the Spin-off, we and DISH Network have entered into certain agreements pursuant to which we obtain certain products, services and rights from DISH Network; DISH
Network obtains certain products, services and rights from us; and we and DISH Network have indemnified each other against certain liabilities arising from our respective businesses. We also may enter
into additional agreements with DISH Network in the future.  

 Generally,
the amounts DISH Network pays for products and services provided under the agreements are based on our cost plus a fixed margin (unless noted differently below), which varies depending on
the nature of the products and services provided.  

 The
following is a summary of the terms of our principal agreements with DISH Network that may have an impact on our financial position and results of operations.  

 F-58 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


  "Equipment revenue—DISH Network"   

  Receiver Agreement.     Effective January 1, 2012, we and DISH Network entered into a receiver agreement (the "2012 Receiver Agreement"), pursuant to which DISH
Network has the right, but not the obligation, to purchase digital set-top boxes, related accessories, and other equipment from us for the period from January 1, 2012 to December 31,
2014. The 2012 Receiver Agreement allows DISH Network to purchase digital set-top boxes, related accessories, and other equipment from us either: (i) at cost (decreasing as we reduce costs and
increasing as costs increase) plus a dollar mark-up which will depend upon the cost of the product subject to a collar on our mark-up; or (ii) at cost plus a fixed margin, which will depend on
the nature of the equipment purchased. Under the 2012 Receiver Agreement, our margins will be increased if we are able to reduce the costs of our digital set-top boxes and our margins will be reduced
if these costs increase. We provide DISH Network with standard manufacturer warranties for the goods sold under the 2012 Receiver Agreement. Additionally, the 2012 Receiver Agreement includes an
indemnification provision, whereby the parties indemnify each other for certain intellectual property matters. DISH Network is able to terminate the 2012 Receiver Agreement for any reason upon at
least 60 days notice to us. We are able to terminate the 2012 Receiver Agreement if certain entities acquire DISH Network. DISH Network has an option, but not the obligation, to extend the 2012
Receiver Agreement for one additional year upon 180 days notice prior to the end of the term.  

 In
connection with the Spin-off, we and DISH Network entered into a receiver agreement pursuant to which DISH Network had the right, but not the obligation, to purchase digital set-top boxes and
related accessories, and other equipment from us for a period that ended on January 1, 2012 (the "Prior Receiver Agreement"). The Prior Receiver Agreement allowed DISH Network to purchase
digital set-top boxes, related accessories and other equipment from us at our cost plus a fixed percentage margin, which varied depending on the nature of the equipment purchased. Additionally, we
provided DISH Network with standard manufacturer warranties for the goods sold under the Prior Receiver Agreement. DISH Network was able to terminate the Prior Receiver Agreement for any reason upon
at least 60 days notice to us. We were able to terminate the Prior Receiver Agreement if certain entities were to acquire DISH Network. The Prior Receiver Agreement also included an
indemnification provision, whereby the parties indemnified each other for certain intellectual property matters.  

  "Services and other revenue—DISH Network"   

  Broadcast Agreement.     Effective January 1, 2012, we and DISH Network entered into a new broadcast agreement (the "2012 Broadcast Agreement") pursuant to
which we provide certain broadcast services to DISH Network, including teleport services such as transmission and downlinking, channel origination services, and channel management services, for the
period from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2016. The fees for the services provided under the 2012 Broadcast Agreement are calculated at either: (a) our cost of providing the
relevant service plus a fixed dollar fee, which is subject to certain adjustments; or (b) our cost of providing the relevant service plus a fixed margin, which will depend on the nature of the
services provided. DISH Network has the ability to terminate channel origination services and channel management services for any reason and without any liability upon at least 60 days notice
to us. If DISH Network terminates the teleport services provided under the 2012 Broadcast Agreement for a reason other than our breach, DISH Network generally is obligated to reimburse us for any
direct costs we incur related to any such termination that we cannot reasonably mitigate.  

 In
connection with the Spin-off, we and DISH Network entered into a broadcast agreement pursuant to which we provided certain broadcast services to DISH Network, including teleport services such as  

 F-59 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 transmission
and downlinking, channel origination services, and channel management services for a period that ended on January 1, 2012 (the "Prior Broadcast Agreement"). DISH Network had the
ability to terminate channel origination services and channel management services for any reason and without any liability upon at least 60 days notice to us. If DISH Network terminated
teleport services for a reason other than our breach, DISH Network was obligated to pay us the aggregate amount of the remainder of the expected cost of providing the teleport services. The fees for
the services provided under the Prior Broadcast Agreement were calculated at cost plus a fixed margin, which varied depending on the nature of the products and services provided.  


  Broadcast Agreement for Certain Sports Related Programming.     During May 2010, we and DISH Network entered into a broadcast agreement pursuant to which we provide
certain broadcast services to DISH Network in connection with its carriage of certain sports related programming. The term of this agreement is for ten years. If DISH Network terminates this agreement
for a reason other than our breach, DISH Network generally is obligated to reimburse us for any direct costs we incur related to any such termination that we cannot reasonably mitigate. The fees for
the broadcast services provided under this agreement depend, among other things, upon the cost to develop and provide such services.  

  Satellite Capacity Leased to DISH Network.     Since the Spin-off, we have entered into certain satellite
capacity agreements pursuant to which DISH Network leases satellite capacity on certain satellites owned or leased by us. The fees for the services provided under these satellite capacity agreements
depend, among other things, upon the orbital location of the applicable satellite and the length of the lease. The term of each lease is set forth below:  

 

  EchoStar VI, VIII and XII.      The leases for EchoStar VI, VIII and XII generally terminate upon the earlier of: (i) the end of life or replacement of the satellite
(unless, in the case of EchoStar VI or XII, DISH Network determines to renew on a year-to-year basis); (ii) the date the satellite fails; (iii) the date the transponders on which
service is being provided fail; or (iv) a certain date, which depends upon, among other things, the estimated useful life of the satellite, whether the replacement satellite fails at launch or
in orbit prior to being placed into service, and the exercise of certain renewal options. DISH Network has the option to renew the lease of EchoStar VI or XII on a year-to-year basis through
the end of the respective satellite's life. There can be no assurance that any option to renew such agreement will be exercised. Beginning in the first quarter of 2013, the leases for the EchoStar VI
and VIII satellites expired in accordance with their terms; DISH Network no longer leases capacity from us on the EchoStar VI satellite however, in May 2013, DISH Network began leasing capacity
from us on EchoStar VIII as an in-orbit spare. Effective March 1, 2014 this lease will be converted to a month-to-month lease. Both parties have the right to terminate this lease with 30
days notice.  

  EchoStar IX.      DISH Network leases certain satellite capacity from us on EchoStar IX. Subject to availability, DISH Network generally has the right to
continue to lease satellite capacity from us on EchoStar IX on a month-to-month basis.  

  EchoStar XVI.      During December 2009, we entered into an initial ten-year transponder service agreement with DISH Network to lease from us all of the capacity on
EchoStar XVI, a DBS satellite. EchoStar XVI was launched in November 2012 and placed at the 61.5 degree orbital location. Under the original transponder service agreement, the initial
term generally expired upon the earlier of: (i) the end-of-life or replacement of the satellite; (ii) the date the satellite failed; (iii) the date the transponder(s) on which
service was being provided under the agreement failed; or (iv) ten years following the actual service commencement date. Effective December 21, 2012, we  

 
 F-60 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 

 and
DISH Network amended the transponder service agreement to, among other things, change the initial term to generally expire upon the earlier of: (i) the end-of-life or replacement of the
satellite; (ii) the date the satellite fails; (iii) the date the transponder(s) on which service is being provided under the agreement fails; or (iv) four years following the
actual service commencement date. Prior to expiration of the initial term, we, upon certain conditions, and DISH Network have the option to renew for an additional six-year period. If either we or
DISH Network exercise our respective six-year renewal options, DISH Network has the option to renew for an additional five-year period prior to expiration of the then-current term. There can be no
assurance that any option to renew this agreement will be exercised. We began to lease capacity on EchoStar XVI to DISH Network in January 2013.  

 

  Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction.     On February 20, 2014, we entered into agreements with DISH Network to implement a transaction pursuant to which,
among other things: (i) on March 1, 2014, EchoStar and HSS will issue shares of preferred tracking stock to DISH Network in exchange for five satellites owned by DISH Network (EchoStar
I, EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI and EchoStar XIV) (including related in-orbit incentive obligations and interest payments of approximately $58.9 million) and approximately
$11.4 million in cash; and (ii) beginning on March 1, 2014, DISH Network will lease certain satellite capacity on these five satellites (collectively, the "Satellite and Tracking
Stock Transaction"). See Note 20 for a discussion of our subsequent events.  

  Nimiq 5 Agreement.     During 2009, we entered into a fifteen-year satellite service agreement with Telesat Canada ("Telesat") to receive service on all 32 DBS
transponders on the Nimiq 5 satellite at the 72.7 degree west longitude orbital location (the "Telesat Transponder Agreement"). During 2009, we also entered into a satellite service agreement
(the "DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement") with DISH Network, pursuant to which DISH Network leases from us all 32 of the DBS transponders covered by the Telesat Transponder Agreement.  

 Under
the terms of the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement, DISH Network makes certain monthly payments to us that commenced in September 2009 when the Nimiq 5 satellite was placed into service and
continue through the service term. Unless earlier terminated under the terms and conditions of the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement, the service term will expire ten years following the date it was
placed into service. Upon expiration of the initial term, DISH Network has the option to renew the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement on a year-to-year basis through the end of life of the Nimiq 5
satellite. Upon in-orbit failure or end of life of the Nimiq 5 satellite, and in certain other circumstances, DISH Network has certain rights to receive service from us on a replacement
satellite. There can be no assurance that any options
to renew the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement will be exercised or that DISH Network will exercise its option to receive service on a replacement satellite.  

  QuetzSat-1 Agreement.     During 2008, we entered into a ten-year satellite service agreement with SES Latin America, which provides, among other things, for the
provision by SES Latin America to us of service on 32 DBS transponders on the QuetzSat-1 satellite. Concurrently, in 2008, we entered into a transponder service agreement with DISH Network, pursuant
to which DISH Network leases 24 of the DBS transponders on QuetzSat-1. QuetzSat-1 was launched on September 29, 2011 and was placed into service during the fourth quarter of 2011 at the 67.1
degree west longitude orbital location. In the interim, we provided DISH Network with alternate capacity at the 77 degree west longitude orbital location. During the third quarter of 2012, we and DISH
Network entered into an agreement pursuant to which we sublease back from DISH Network five of the 24 DBS transponders on the QuetzSat-1 satellite leased to DISH Network. In January 2013, QuetzSat-1
was moved to the 77 degree west  

 F-61 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 longitude
orbital location and DISH Network commenced commercial operations at such location in February 2013.  

 Under
the terms of our contractual arrangements with DISH Network, we began to provide service to DISH Network on the QuetzSat-1 satellite in February 2013 and will continue to provide service through
the remainder of the service term. Unless extended or earlier terminated under the terms and conditions of our agreement with DISH Network for the QuetzSat-1 satellite, the initial service term will
expire in November 2021. Upon expiration of the initial service term, DISH Network has the option to renew the agreement for the QuetzSat-1 satellite on a year-to-year basis through the end of life of
the QuetzSat-1 satellite. Upon an in-orbit failure or end of life of the QuetzSat-1 satellite, and in certain other circumstances, DISH Network has certain rights to receive service from us on a
replacement satellite. There can be no assurance that any options to renew this agreement will be exercised or that DISH Network will exercise its option to receive service on a replacement satellite.  


  103 Degree Orbital Location/SES-3.     During May 2012, we entered into a spectrum development agreement (the "103 Spectrum Development Agreement") with Ciel Satellite
Holdings Inc. ("Ciel") to develop certain spectrum rights at the 103 degree west longitude orbital location (the "103 Spectrum Rights"). During June 2013, we and DISH Network entered into a
spectrum development agreement (the "DISH 103 Spectrum Development Agreement") pursuant to which DISH Network may use and develop the 103 Spectrum Rights. During the third quarter 2013, DISH Network
made a payment to us in exchange for these rights. Unless earlier terminated under the terms and conditions of the DISH 103
Spectrum Development Agreement, the term generally will continue for the duration of the 103 Spectrum Rights Agreement.  


 In
connection with the 103 Spectrum Development Agreement, during May 2012, we also entered into a ten-year service agreement with Ciel pursuant to which we lease certain satellite capacity from Ciel
on the SES-3 satellite at the 103 degree orbital location (the "103 Service Agreement"). During June 2013, we and DISH Network entered into an agreement pursuant to which DISH Network leases certain
satellite capacity from us on the SES-3 satellite (the "DISH 103 Service Agreement"). Under the terms of the DISH 103 Service Agreement, DISH Network makes certain monthly payments to us through the
service term. Unless earlier terminated under the terms and conditions of the DISH 103 Service Agreement, the initial service term will expire on the earlier of: (i) the date the SES-3
satellite fails; (ii) the date the transponder(s) on which service was being provided under the agreement fails; or (iii) ten years following the actual service commencement date. Upon
in-orbit failure or end of life of the SES-3 satellite, and in certain other circumstances, DISH Network has certain rights to receive service from us on a replacement satellite. There can be no
assurance that DISH Network will exercise its option to receive service on a replacement satellite.  

  TT&C Agreement.     Effective January 1, 2012, we entered into a telemetry, tracking and control ("TT&C") agreement pursuant to which we provide TT&C services
to DISH Network and its subsidiaries for a period ending on December 31, 2016 (the "2012 TT&C Agreement"). The fees for services provided under the 2012 TT&C Agreement are calculated at either:
(i) a fixed fee or (ii) cost plus a fixed margin, which will vary depending on the nature of the services provided. DISH Network is able to terminate the 2012 TT&C Agreement for any
reason upon 60 days notice.  

 In
connection with the Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction, on February 20, 2014, we amended the TT&C Agreement to cease the provision of TT&C services to DISH Network for the EchoStar I,
EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI and EchoStar XIV satellites. See Note 20 for a discussion of our subsequent events.  

 F-62 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued   

 In connection with the Spin-off, we entered into a telemetry, tracking and control ("TT&C") agreement pursuant to which we provided TT&C services to DISH Network for a period
that ended on January 1, 2012 (the "Prior TT&C Agreement"). The fees for services provided under the Prior TT&C Agreement were calculated at cost plus a fixed margin. DISH Network was able to
terminate the Prior TT&C Agreement for any reason upon 60 days notice.  

  Real Estate Lease Agreements.     We have entered into lease agreements pursuant to which DISH Network leases certain real estate from us. The rent on a per square
foot basis for each of the leases is comparable to per square foot rental rates of similar commercial property in the same geographic area at the time of the lease, and DISH Network is responsible for
its portion of the taxes, insurance, utilities and maintenance of the premises. The term of each of the leases is set forth below:  

 

  Inverness Lease Agreement.      The lease for certain space at 90 Inverness Circle East in Englewood, Colorado is for a period ending on December 31, 2016. This agreement can
be terminated by either party upon six months prior notice.  

  Meridian Lease Agreement.      The lease for all of 9601 S. Meridian Blvd. in Englewood, Colorado is for a period ending on December 31, 2016.  


  Santa Fe Lease Agreement.     The lease for all of 5701 S. Santa Fe Dr. in Littleton, Colorado is for a period ending on December 31, 2016 with a renewal option for
one additional year.  

  EchoStar Data Networks Sublease Agreement.      The sublease for certain space at 211 Perimeter Center in Atlanta, Georgia is for a period ending on October 31, 2016.  

  Gilbert Lease Agreement.      The lease for certain space at 801 N. DISH Dr. in Gilbert, Arizona is a month to month lease and can be terminated by either party upon
30 days prior notice.  

  Cheyenne Lease Agreement.     The lease for certain space at 530 EchoStar Drive in Cheyenne, Wyoming is for a period ending on December 31, 2031.  

 

  Product Support Agreement.     In connection with the Spin-off, we entered into a product support agreement pursuant to which DISH Network has the right, but not the
obligation, to receive product support from us (including certain engineering and technical support services) for all set-top boxes and related components that our subsidiaries have previously sold
and in the future may sell to DISH Network. The fees for the services provided under the product support agreement are calculated at cost plus a fixed margin, which varies depending on the nature of
the services provided. The term of the product support agreement is the economic life of such set-top boxes and related components, unless terminated earlier. DISH Network may terminate the product
support agreement for any reason upon at least 60 days notice. In the event of an early termination of this agreement, DISH Network is entitled to a refund of any unearned fees paid to us for
the services.  

  DISHOnline.com Services Agreement.     Effective January 1, 2010, DISH Network entered into a two-year agreement with us pursuant to which DISH Network receives
certain services associated with an online video portal. The fees for the services provided under this services agreement depend, among other
things, upon the cost to develop and operate such services. DISH Network has the option to renew this agreement for three successive one year terms and the agreement may be terminated by DISH Network
for any reason upon at least 120 days notice to us. In November 2013, DISH Network exercised its right to renew this agreement for a one-year period ending on December 31, 2014.  

 F-63 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  DISH Remote Access Services Agreement.     Effective February 23, 2010, we entered into an agreement with DISH Network pursuant to which DISH Network receives,
among other things, certain remote digital video recorder ("DVR") management services. The fees for the services provided under this services agreement depend, among other things, upon the cost to
develop and operate such services. This agreement has a term of five years with automatic renewal for successive one year terms and may be terminated by DISH Network for any reason upon at least
120 days notice to us.  

  SlingService Services Agreement.     Effective February 23, 2010, we entered into an agreement with DISH Network pursuant to which DISH Network receives certain
services related to placeshifting. The fees for the services provided under this services agreement depend, among other things, upon the cost to develop and operate such services. This agreement has a
term of five years with automatic renewal for successive one year terms and may be terminated by DISH Network for any reason upon at least 120 days notice to us.  


  Blockbuster Agreements.     On April 26, 2011, DISH Network acquired substantially all of the assets of Blockbuster, Inc. (the "Blockbuster
Acquisition"). On June 8, 2011, we completed the acquisition of Hughes Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Hughes Acquisition"). Hughes Network Systems, LLC ("HNS"), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Hughes Communications, Inc., provided certain broadband products and services to Blockbuster pursuant to an agreement that was entered into prior to the Blockbuster
Acquisition and the Hughes Acquisition. Subsequent to both the Blockbuster Acquisition and the Hughes Acquisition, Blockbuster entered into a new agreement with HNS pursuant to which Blockbuster may
continue to purchase broadband products and services from our Hughes segment (the "Blockbuster VSAT Agreement"). The term of the Blockbuster VSAT Agreement is through October 31, 2014 and
Blockbuster has the option to renew the agreement for an additional one year period.  

 In
connection with the closing of all of the Blockbuster retail locations, we received a notice in November 2013 that, effective February 1, 2014, all services to all Blockbuster locations,
including Blockbuster franchisee locations, would be terminated.  

  Radio Access Network Agreement.     On November 29, 2012, HNS entered into an agreement with DISH Network L.L.C. pursuant to which HNS will construct for
DISH Network a ground-based satellite radio access network ("RAN") for a fixed fee. The completion of the RAN under this agreement is expected to occur on or before November 29, 2014. This
agreement generally may be terminated by DISH Network at any time for convenience.  

  RUS Implementation Agreement.     In September 2010, DISH Broadband L.L.C. ("DISH Broadband"), DISH Network's wholly owned subsidiary, was selected by the Rural
Utilities Service ("RUS") of the United States Department of Agriculture to receive up to approximately $14.1 million in broadband stimulus grant funds (the "Grant Funds"). Effective November
2011, HNS and DISH Broadband entered into a RUS Implementation Agreement (the "RUS Agreement") pursuant to which HNS provides certain portions of the equipment and broadband service used to implement
DISH Broadband's RUS program. The initial term of the RUS Agreement continues until the earlier of: (i) September 24, 2013; or (ii) the date that the Grant Funds have been
exhausted. In addition, DISH Broadband may terminate the RUS Agreement for convenience upon 45 days prior written notice to HNS. The RUS Agreement expired in June 2013 when the Grant Funds were
exhausted.  

  TerreStar Agreement.     On March 9, 2012, DISH Network completed its acquisition of substantially all the assets of TerreStar. Prior to DISH Network's
acquisition of substantially all the assets of TerreStar and our completion of the Hughes Acquisition, TerreStar and HNS entered into various agreements  

 F-64 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 pursuant
to which our Hughes segment provides, among other things, hosting, operations and maintenance services for TerreStar's satellite gateway and associated ground infrastructure. These agreements
generally may be terminated by DISH Network at any time for convenience.  

  Hughes Broadband Distribution Agreement.     Effective October 1, 2012, HNS and dishNET Satellite
Broadband L.L.C. ("dishNET"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH Network, entered into a distribution agreement (the "Distribution Agreement") pursuant to which dishNET has the right, but not
the obligation, to market, sell and distribute the Hughes satellite internet service (the "Hughes service"). dishNET pays HNS a monthly per subscriber wholesale service fee for the Hughes service
based upon a subscriber's service level, and, beginning January 1, 2014, based upon certain volume subscription thresholds. The Distribution Agreement also provides that dishNET has the right,
but not the obligation, to purchase certain broadband equipment from us to support the sale of the Hughes service. The Distribution Agreement has a five year term with automatic renewal for successive
one year terms unless terminated by either party with a written notice at least 180 days before the expiration of the then-current term. Upon expiration or termination of the Distribution
Agreement, the parties will continue to provide the Hughes service to the then-current dishNET subscribers pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Distribution Agreement. As part of the Satellite
and Tracking Stock Transaction, on February 20, 2014, Hughes and dishNET entered into an amendment to the Distribution Agreement which will, among other things, extend the initial term of the
Distribution Agreement through March 1, 2024. See Note 20 for a discussion of our subsequent events.  


  Set-Top Box Application Development Agreement.     During the fourth quarter of 2012, we and DISH Network entered into a set-top box application development agreement
(the "Application Development Agreement") pursuant to which we provide DISH Network with certain services relating to the development of web-based applications for the period ending February 1,
2015. The Application Development Agreement renews automatically for successive one-year periods thereafter, unless terminated earlier by us or DISH Network at any time upon at least 90 days
notice. The fees for services provided under the Application Development Agreement are calculated at our cost of providing the relevant service plus a fixed margin, which will depend on the nature of
the services provided.  

  XiP Encryption Agreement.     During the third quarter of 2012, we entered into an encryption agreement with DISH Network for our whole-home HD DVR line of set-top
boxes (the "XiP Encryption Agreement") pursuant to which we provide certain security measures on our whole-home HD DVR line of set-top boxes to encrypt the content delivered to the set-top
box via a smart card and secure the content between set-top boxes. The term of the XiP Encryption Agreement is until December 31, 2014. Under the XiP Encryption Agreement, DISH Network
has an option, but not the obligation to extend the XiP Encryption Agreement for one additional year upon at least 180 days notice prior to the end of the term. We and DISH Network each have
the right to terminate the XiP Encryption Agreement for any reason upon at least 180 days' notice and 30 days' notice, respectively. The fees for the services provided under the XiP
Encryption Agreement are calculated on a monthly basis based on the number of receivers utilizing such security measures each month.  

  "General and administrative expenses—DISH Network"   

  Management Services Agreement.     In connection with the Spin-off, we entered into a Management Services Agreement with DISH Network pursuant to which DISH Network
made certain of its officers available to provide services (which were primarily accounting services) to us. The Management Services Agreement automatically renewed on January 1, 2013 for an
additional one-year period until  

 F-65 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 January 1,
2014. Effective June 15, 2013, we terminated the Management Services Agreement. We made payments to DISH Network based upon an allocable portion of the personnel costs and
expenses incurred by DISH Network with respect to such DISH Network officers (taking into account wages and fringe benefits). These allocations were based upon the estimated percentages of time to be
spent by the DISH Network executive officers performing services for us under the Management Services Agreement. We also reimbursed DISH Network for direct out-of-pocket costs incurred by DISH Network
for management services provided to us. We and DISH Network evaluated all charges for reasonableness at least annually and made any adjustments to these charges as we and DISH Network mutually agreed
upon.  

  Professional Services Agreement.     In connection with the Spin-off, we entered into various agreements with DISH Network including the Transition Services Agreement,
Satellite Procurement Agreement and Services Agreement, which all expired on January 1, 2010 and were replaced by a Professional Services Agreement. During 2009, we and DISH Network agreed that
we shall continue to have the right, but not the obligation, to receive the following services from DISH Network, among others, certain of which were previously provided under the Transition Services
Agreement: information technology, travel and event coordination, internal audit, legal, accounting and tax, benefits administration, program acquisition services and other support services.
Additionally, we and DISH Network agreed that DISH Network shall continue to have the right, but not the obligation, to engage us to manage the process of procuring new satellite capacity for DISH
Network (previously provided under the Satellite Procurement Agreement), receive logistics, procurement and quality assurance services from us (previously provided under the Services Agreement) and
other support services. The Professional Services Agreement automatically renewed on January 1, 2014 for an additional one-year period and renews automatically for successive one-year periods
thereafter, unless terminated earlier by either party upon at least 60 days notice. However, either party may terminate the Professional Services
Agreement in part with respect to any particular service it receives for any reason upon at least 30 days' notice.  


  Real Estate Lease Agreements.     Since the Spin-off, we have entered into lease agreements pursuant to which we lease certain real estate from DISH Network. The rent
on a per square foot basis for each of the leases is comparable to per square foot rental rates of similar commercial property in the same geographic area at the time of the lease, and we are
responsible for our portion of the taxes, insurance, utilities and maintenance of the premises. The term of each of the leases is set forth below:  

 

  El Paso Lease Agreement.      During 2012, we leased certain space at 1285 Joe Battle Blvd., El Paso, Texas from DISH Network for a period ending on August 1, 2015, which
also provides us with renewal options for four consecutive three year terms.  

  American Fork Occupancy License Agreement.      The license for certain space at 796 East Utah Valley Drive in American Fork, Utah is for a period ending on July 31, 2017, subject to
the
terms of the underlying lease agreement.  

 

  Other Agreements—DISH Network   

  Satellite Capacity Leased from DISH Network.     Since the Spin-off, we entered into certain satellite capacity agreements pursuant to which we acquire certain
satellite capacity from DISH Network on certain satellites owned or leased by DISH Network. The fees for the services provided under these  

 F-66 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


 satellite
capacity agreements depend, among other things, upon the orbital location of the applicable satellite and the length of the lease. The term of each satellite capacity agreement is set forth
below:  

 

  D-1.      In November 2012, HNS entered into a satellite capacity agreement pursuant to which HNS leases certain satellite capacity from DISH Network on the
D-1 satellite for research and development. This service agreement terminates upon the earlier of: (i) the end-of-life of the satellite; (ii) the date the satellite fails;
(iii) the date the spectrum capacity on which service is being provided under the agreement fails; or (iv) June 30, 2014.  


  EchoStar XV.     In May 2013, we began leasing satellite capacity from DISH Network on EchoStar XV and relocated the satellite to the 45 degree west longitude
orbital location for testing pursuant to our Brazilian authorization. Effective March 1, 2014, this lease will be converted to a month-to-month lease. Both parties have the right to terminate
this lease with 30 days notice.  

 

  Remanufactured Receiver Agreement.     In connection with the Spin-off, we entered into a remanufactured receiver agreement with DISH Network pursuant to which we have
the right, but not the obligation, to purchase remanufactured receivers and related components from DISH Network at cost plus a fixed margin, which varies depending on the nature of the equipment
purchased. In November 2013, we and DISH Network extended this agreement until December 31, 2014. We may terminate the remanufactured receiver agreement for any reason upon at least
60 days notice to DISH Network. DISH Network may also terminate this agreement if certain entities acquire it. Our purchase of remanufactured receivers and related components from DISH Network
was minimal, $3.5 million and $0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

  Tax Sharing Agreement.     In connection with the Spin-off, we entered into a tax sharing agreement with DISH Network which governs our respective rights,
responsibilities and obligations after the Spin-off with respect to taxes for the periods ending on or before the Spin-off. Generally, all pre-Spin-off taxes, including any taxes that are incurred as
a result of restructuring activities undertaken to implement the Spin-off, are borne by DISH Network, and DISH Network will indemnify us for such taxes. However, DISH Network is not liable for and
will not indemnify us for any taxes that are incurred as a result of the Spin-off or certain related transactions failing to qualify as tax-free distributions pursuant to any provision of
Section 355 or Section 361 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended because of: (i) a direct or indirect acquisition of any of our stock, stock options or assets;
(ii) any action that we take
or fail to take; or (iii) any action that we take that is inconsistent with the information and representations furnished to the IRS in connection with the request for the private letter
ruling, or to counsel in connection with any opinion being delivered by counsel with respect to the Spin-off or certain related transactions. In such case, we will be solely liable for, and will
indemnify DISH Network for, any resulting taxes, as well as any losses, claims and expenses. The tax sharing agreement will only terminate after the later of the full period of all applicable statutes
of limitations, including extensions, or once all rights and obligations are fully effectuated or performed.  

 In
light of the tax sharing agreement, among other things, and in connection with our consolidated federal income tax returns for certain tax years prior to and for the year of the Spin-off, during
the third quarter of 2013, we and DISH Network agreed upon a supplemental allocation of the tax benefits arising from certain tax items resolved in the course of the IRS's examination of our
consolidated tax returns. Prior to the agreement with DISH Network, the federal tax benefits of $82.8 million were reflected as a deferred tax asset for depreciation and amortization, which was
netted in our noncurrent deferred tax liabilities. The agreement requires DISH Network to pay us $82.8 million of the federal tax benefit it receives at such time as we would have otherwise
been able to realize such tax benefit,  

 F-67 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 which
we currently estimate would be after 2014. Accordingly, we recorded a noncurrent receivable from DISH Network for $82.8 million in "Other receivable—DISH Network" and a
corresponding increase in our net noncurrent deferred tax liabilities to reflect the effects of this agreement in the third quarter of 2013. In addition, during the third quarter of 2013, we and DISH
Network agreed upon a tax sharing arrangement for filing certain combined state income tax returns and a method of allocating the respective tax liabilities between us and DISH Network for such
combined returns, through the taxable period ending on December 31, 2017.  

  TiVo.     On April 29, 2011, we and DISH Network entered into a settlement agreement with TiVo, Inc. ("TiVo"). The settlement resolved all pending
litigation between us and DISH Network, on the one hand, and TiVo, on the other hand, including litigation relating to alleged patent infringement involving certain DISH Network DVRs.  

 Under
the settlement agreement, all pending litigation has been dismissed with prejudice and all injunctions that permanently restrain, enjoin or compel any action by us or DISH Network have been
dissolved. We and DISH Network are jointly responsible for making payments to TiVo in the aggregate amount of $500.0 million, including an initial payment of $300.0 million and the
remaining $200.0 million in six equal annual installments between 2012 and 2017. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreements entered into in connection with the Spin-off, DISH
Network made the initial payment to TiVo in May 2011, except for the contribution from us totaling approximately $10.0 million, representing an allocation of liability relating to our sales of
DVR-enabled receivers to an international customer.
Future payments will be allocated between us and DISH Network based on historical sales of certain licensed products, with EchoStar being responsible for 5% of each annual payment.  

  Patent Cross-License Agreements.     During December 2011, we and DISH Network entered into separate patent cross-license agreements with the same third party whereby:
(i) we and such third party licensed our respective patents to each other subject to certain conditions; and (ii) DISH Network and such third party licensed their respective patents to
each other subject to certain conditions (each, a "Cross-License Agreement"). Each Cross-License Agreement covers patents acquired by the respective party prior to January 1, 2017 and aggregate
payments under both Cross-License Agreements total less than $10.0 million. Each Cross-License Agreement also contains an option to extend each Cross-License Agreement to include patents
acquired by the respective party prior to January 1, 2022. If both options are exercised, the aggregate additional payments to such third party would total less than $3.0 million.
However, we and DISH Network may elect to extend our respective Cross-License Agreement independently of each other. Since the aggregate payments under both Cross-License Agreements were based on the
combined annual revenue of us and DISH Network, we and DISH Network agreed to allocate our respective payments to such third party based on our respective percentage of combined total revenue.  

  Voom Settlement Agreement.     On October 21, 2012, we entered into the Voom Settlement Agreement with Voom and Cablevision, and for certain limited purposes,
MSG Holdings, L.P., The Madison Square Garden Company and DISH Network. The Voom Settlement Agreement resolved the litigation between the parties relating to the Voom programming services. We
were a party to the Voom Settlement Agreement solely for the purposes of executing a mutual release of claims with Voom, Cablevision, MSG Holdings, L.P. and The Madison Square Garden Company
related to the Voom programming services.  

 F-68 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  


  DBSD North America Agreement.     On March 9, 2012, DISH Network completed its acquisition of 100% of the equity of reorganized DBSD North America, Inc.
("DBSD North America"). Prior to DISH Network's acquisition of DBSD North America and our completion of the Hughes Acquisition, DBSD North America and HNS entered into an agreement pursuant to which
our Hughes segment provides, among other things, hosting, operations and maintenance services of DBSD North America's satellite gateway and associated ground infrastructure. This agreement was renewed
for a one-year period ending on February 15, 2014, and renews for three successive one-year periods unless terminated by DBSD North America upon at least 30 days' notice prior to the
expiration of any renewal term.  

  DISH Digital Holding L.L.C.     Effective July 1, 2012, we and DISH Network formed DISH Digital, which is owned two-thirds by DISH Network and one-third
by EchoStar. DISH Digital was formed to develop and commercialize certain advanced technologies. We, DISH Network and DISH Digital entered into the following agreements with respect to DISH Digital:
(i) a contribution agreement pursuant to which we and DISH Network contributed certain assets in exchange for our respective ownership interests in DISH Digital; (ii) a limited liability
company operating agreement, which provides for the governance of DISH Digital; and (iii) a commercial agreement pursuant to which, among other things, DISH Digital has: (a) certain
rights and corresponding obligations with respect to DISH Digital's business; and (b) the right, but not the obligation, to receive certain services from us and DISH Network, respectively. We
account for our investment in DISH Digital using the equity method.  

  TerreStar-2 Development Agreement.     In August 2013, we and DISH Network entered into a development agreement ("T2 Development Agreement") with respect to the
TerreStar-2 ("T2") satellite under which we reimburse DISH Network for amounts it pays pursuant to an authorization to proceed ("T2 ATP") with SS/L, LLC in connection with the construction of
the T2 satellite. In exchange, DISH Network granted us certain rights to purchase the T2 satellite during the term of the T2 Development Agreement. The T2 Development Agreement was amended in December
2013 to provide for the ability to purchase DISH Network's rights and obligations under the T2 ATP and the related agreement for the construction of the T2 satellite with SS/L. The T2 Development
Agreement expires on the later of: (i) December 19, 2014, or (ii) the date on which the T2 ATP expires.  

  Other Agreements   

 In November 2009, Mr. Roger J. Lynch became employed by both us and DISH Network as Executive Vice President. Mr. Lynch is
responsible for the development and implementation of advanced technologies that are of potential utility and importance to both us and DISH Network. Mr. Lynch's compensation consists of cash
and equity compensation and is borne by both DISH Network and us.  

  Hughes Systique Corporation ("Hughes Systique")   

 We contract with Hughes Systique for software development services. In addition to our 44.4% ownership in Hughes Systique, Mr. Pradman Kaul,
the President of Hughes Communications, Inc. and a member of our Board of Directors and his brother, who is the CEO and President of Hughes Systique, in the aggregate, owned approximately
26.1%, on an undiluted basis, of
Hughes Systique's outstanding shares as of December 31, 2013. Furthermore, Mr. Pradman Kaul serves on the board of directors of Hughes Systique. We are considered the "primary
beneficiary" of Hughes Systique due to, among other factors, our ability to significantly influence and direct the operating and financial decisions of Hughes Systique and our obligation to provide
financial support in the form of term loans.  

 F-69 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 As
a result, we are required to consolidate Hughes Systique's financial statements in our Consolidated Financial Statements.  

  NagraStar L.L.C.   

 We own 50% of NagraStar L.L.C. ("NagraStar"), a joint venture that is our primary provider of encryption and related security technology used
in our set-top boxes. We account for our investment in NagraStar using the equity method.  

 The
table below summarizes our transactions with NagraStar.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Purchases from NagraStar 
   
 $ 
 14,901 
   
 $ 
 13,024 
   
 $ 
 16,771 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Due to NagraStar 
   
 $ 
 1,211 
   
 $ 
 2,694 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Commitments to purchase from NagraStar 
   
 $ 
 5,874 
   
 $ 
 7,303 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Dish Mexico   

 During 2008, we entered into a joint venture for a DTH satellite service in Mexico known as Dish Mexico. Pursuant to these arrangements, we provide
certain broadcast services and satellite capacity and sell hardware such as digital set-top boxes and related equipment to Dish Mexico. We account for our investment in Dish Mexico using the equity
method.  

 The
following table summarizes services we provided to Dish Mexico that are not related to the original contribution commitment associated with our investment.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Digital set-top boxes and related accessories 
   
 $ 
 36,929 
   
 $ 
 58,097 
   
 $ 
 62,964 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Satellite services 
   
 $ 
 22,638 
   
 $ 
 13,320 
   
 $ 
 8,520 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Uplink services 
   
 $ 
 6,735 
   
 $ 
 9,144 
   
 $ 
 8,137 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other services 
   
 $ 
 127 
   
 $ 
 640 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   Due from Dish Mexico 
   
 $ 
 3,506 
   
 $ 
 11,699 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-70 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

  Deluxe/EchoStar LLC   

 We own 50% of Deluxe/EchoStar LLC ("Deluxe"), a joint venture that we entered into in 2010 to build an advanced digital cinema satellite
distribution network targeting delivery to digitally equipped theaters in the U.S. and Canada. We account for our investment in Deluxe using the equity method. For the years ended December 31,
2013, 2012 and 2011, we recognized revenue from Deluxe for transponder services and the sale of broadband equipment of $1.8 million, $1.6 million and $0.2 million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we have receivables from Deluxe of approximately $1.1 million and $0.8 million, respectively.  

  Note 20. Subsequent Events   

  Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction .  

 On
February 20, 2014, EchoStar entered into agreements with DISH Network to implement a transaction pursuant to which, among other things: (i) on
March 1, 2014, EchoStar will issue two series of preferred tracking stocks in exchange for the transfer by DISH of five satellites (including related in-orbit incentive obligations and interest
payments of approximately $58.9 million) and approximately $11.4 million in cash; and (ii) beginning on March 1, 2014, we will lease to DISH Network certain satellite
capacity on these five satellites (collectively, the "Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction").  

  Transaction Agreement.     On February 20, 2014, EchoStar Corporation, Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ("HSS"), and certain of our other subsidiaries
entered into a Transaction Agreement (the "Transaction Agreement") with DISH Operating L.L.C. ("DOLLC") and DISH Network L.L.C. ("DNLLC" and, together with DOLLC, the "DISH Investors"),
each an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of DISH Network Corporation ("DISH Network"), and EchoStar XI Holding L.L.C., a wholly-owned subsidiary of DNLLC, pursuant to which on
March 1, 2014, EchoStar Corporation and HSS will among other things, issue an aggregate of 6,290,499 shares (the "EchoStar Tracking Stock") and 81.128 shares the "HSS Tracking Stock", and
together with the EchoStar Tracking Stock, the "Tracking Stock"), respectively, of preferred tracking stock to the DISH Investors in exchange for the transfer by the DISH Investors and their
respective subsidiaries, as applicable, to EchoStar Corporation and HSS, as applicable, five satellites (EchoStar I, EchoStar VII, EchoStar X, EchoStar XI and
EchoStar XIV) (including related in-orbit incentive obligations of approximately $58.9 million) and approximately $11.4 million in cash (the "Transaction"). The Tracking
Stock will generally track the residential retail satellite broadband business of Hughes Network Systems, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of HSS ("Hughes"), including without limitation the
operations, assets and liabilities attributed to the Hughes residential retail satellite broadband business (collectively, the "Hughes Retail Group"). The shares of the Tracking Stock to be issued to
the DISH Investors will represent an aggregate 80.0% economic interest in the Hughes Retail Group. In addition to the remaining 20.0% economic interest in the Hughes Retail Group, EchoStar will retain
all economic interest in the wholesale satellite broadband business. The Transaction Agreement includes, among other things, customary mutual provisions for representations, warranties and
indemnification.  

  Satellite Capacity Leased to DISH.     On February 20, 2014, we and certain subsidiaries of DISH Network entered into certain satellite capacity agreements
pursuant to which beginning March 1, 2014, DISH Network will, among other things, lease certain satellite capacity on the EchoStar I, EchoStar VII, EchoStar X,
EchoStar XI, and EchoStar XIV satellites. The total fees for the services provided under these satellite capacity agreements depend, among other things, upon the number of transponders
on the applicable satellite and the length of the lease. The term of each satellite capacity agreement generally terminates upon the earlier of: (i) the end of life of the satellite;
(ii) the date the satellite  

 F-71 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
ECHOSTAR CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—Continued  

 fails;
or (iii) a certain date based upon, among other things, the estimated useful life of the satellite. DISH generally has the option to renew each lease on a year-to-year basis through the
end of the respective satellite's life. There can be no assurance that any options to renew such agreements will be exercised.  


  Investor Rights Agreement.     On February 20, 2014, EchoStar and HSS entered into an Investor Rights Agreement (the "Investor Rights Agreement") with the DISH
Investors with respect to the Tracking Stock. The Investor Rights Agreement provides for, among other things, certain information and consultation rights for the DISH Investors; certain transfer
restrictions on the Tracking Stock and certain rights and obligations to offer and sell under certain circumstances (including a prohibition on transfer of the Tracking Stock for one year, with
continuing transfer restrictions (including right of first offer in favor of EchoStar) thereafter, an obligation to sell the Tracking Stock to us in connection with a change of control of DISH Network
and a right to require us to repurchase the Tracking Stock in connection with a change of control of EchoStar, in each case subject to certain terms and conditions; certain registration rights;
certain obligations to provide conversion and exchange rights of the Tracking Stock under certain circumstances; and certain protective covenants afforded to holders of the Tracking Stock. The
Investor Rights Agreement generally will terminate as to the DISH Investors at such time as the DISH Investors no longer hold any shares of the HSS-issued Tracking Stock and any registrable securities
under the Investor Rights Agreement.  

 F-72 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
    ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   SCHEDULE I          

 Parent company only financials are provided only as of and for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 because there were no restricted net
assets of EchoStar that would require the filing of such parent company only financials prior to issuance of the Notes and acquisition of Hughes Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries in
June 2011.  

   

   
   
   CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   (Parent Company Information Only—See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements)   (In thousands, except per share amounts)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 $ 
 399,838 
   
 $ 
 471,820 
   
 
 
   Marketable investment securities 
   
   
 869,673 
   
   
 773,529 
   
 
 
   Other current assets 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 16,678 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 1,269,511 
   
   
 1,262,027 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Noncurrent Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries, including intercompany balances 
   
   
 1,933,533 
   
   
 1,819,699 
   
 
 
   Restricted cash and marketable investment securities 
   
   
 1,023 
   
   
 979 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
   
 77,664 
   
   
 112,619 
   
 
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
   
   
 39,150 
   
   
 56,113 
   
 
 
   Other investments 
   
   
 37,296 
   
   
 54,324 
   
 
 
   Other receivable—DISH Network 
   
   
 87,972 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total noncurrent assets 
   
   
 2,176,638 
   
   
 2,043,734 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 3,446,149 
   
 $ 
 3,305,761 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Trade accounts payable—DISH Network 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 70 
   
 
 
   Accrued expenses and other 
   
   
 225,325 
   
   
 159,177 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 2,444 
   
   
 3,712 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 227,769 
   
   
 162,959 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Noncurrent Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Long-term deferred revenue and other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 1,010 
   
   
 1,912 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total noncurrent liabilities 
   
   
 1,010 
   
   
 1,912 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 228,779 
   
   
 164,871 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Commitments and Contingencies 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Stockholders' Equity: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Preferred Stock, $.001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Class A common stock, $.001 par value, 1,600,000,000 shares authorized, 48,370,956 and 45,449,362 shares issued, and 42,838,638 and 39,917,044 shares
outstanding, respectively 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 45 
   
 
 
   Class B common stock, $.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, 47,687,039 shares issued and outstanding 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
   Class C common stock, $.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Class D common stock, $.001 par value, 800,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 3,502,005 
   
   
 3,394,646 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (14,655 
 ) 
   
 18,752 
   
 
 
   Accumulated deficit 
   
   
 (171,914 
 ) 
   
 (174,439 
 ) 
 
 
   Treasury stock, at cost 
   
   
 (98,162 
 ) 
   
 (98,162 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total stockholders' equity 
   
   
 3,217,370 
   
   
 3,140,890 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
   
 $ 
 3,446,149 
   
 $ 
 3,305,761 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-73 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 
   

   
   
   ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   (Parent Company Information Only—See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements)   (In thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Costs and Expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative expenses 
   
 $ 
 1,598 
   
 $ 
 1,083 
   
 $ 
 1,762 
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 16,964 
   
   
 16,965 
   
   
 15,982 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total costs and expenses 
   
   
 18,562 
   
   
 18,048 
   
   
 17,744 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Operating loss 
   
   
 (18,562 
 ) 
   
 (18,048 
 ) 
   
 (17,744 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Other Income (Expense): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest income and expense, net 
   
   
 7,197 
   
   
 8,874 
   
   
 7,105 
   
 
 
   Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net 
   
   
 36,280 
   
   
 162,257 
   
   
 6,518 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates, net 
   
   
 (12,068 
 ) 
   
 (7,224 
 ) 
   
 3,325 
   
 
 
   Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15,871 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (598 
 ) 
   
 46,026 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other income, net 
   
   
 30,811 
   
   
 209,933 
   
   
 32,819 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income before income taxes and equity in earnings of consolidated subsidiaries, net 
   
   
 12,249 
   
   
 191,885 
   
   
 15,075 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings (losses) of consolidated subsidiaries, net 
   
   
 (2,251 
 ) 
   
 16,033 
   
   
 (2,010 
 ) 
 
 
   Income tax benefit (provision), net 
   
   
 (7,473 
 ) 
   
 3,130 
   
   
 (9,426 
 ) 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Comprehensive Income (Loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
   
   
 (15,508 
 ) 
   
 (2,595 
 ) 
   
 (14,095 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on AFS securities and other 
   
   
 18,413 
   
   
 30,799 
   
   
 (1,276 
 ) 
 
 
   Recognition of previously unrealized gains on AFS securities in net income 
   
   
 (36,312 
 ) 
   
 (175,223 
 ) 
   
 (6,637 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
   
 (33,407 
 ) 
   
 (147,019 
 ) 
   
 (22,008 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 (30,882 
 ) 
 $ 
 64,029 
   
 $ 
 (18,369 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-74 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 
   

   
   
   ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (Parent Company Information Only—See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements)   (In thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Years Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 2,525 
   
 $ 
 211,048 
   
 $ 
 3,639 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 16,964 
   
   
 16,965 
   
   
 15,982 
   
 
 
   Equity in losses (earnings) of unconsolidated affiliates, net           
   
   
 12,068 
   
   
 7,224 
   
   
 (3,325 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity in losses (earnings) of consolidated subsidiaries, net           
   
   
 2,251 
   
   
 (16,033 
 ) 
   
 2,010 
   
 
 
   Realized gains on marketable investment securities and other investments, net 
   
   
 (36,280 
 ) 
   
 (162,257 
 ) 
   
 (6,518 
 ) 
 
 
   Gains on investments accounted for at fair value, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (15,871 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred tax provision (benefit) 
   
   
 33,380 
   
   
 (95,982 
 ) 
   
 (49,353 
 ) 
 
 
   Changes in current assets and current liabilities, net 
   
   
 88,677 
   
   
 101,434 
   
   
 119,472 
   
 
 
   Changes in noncurrent assets and noncurrent liabilities, net           
   
   
 (88,874 
 ) 
   
 1,912 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 24,494 
   
   
 16,893 
   
   
 10,173 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash flows from operating activities 
   
   
 55,205 
   
   
 81,204 
   
   
 76,209 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Purchases of marketable investment securities 
   
   
 (957,142 
 ) 
   
 (878,427 
 ) 
   
 (1,746,577 
 ) 
 
 
   Sales and maturities of marketable investment securities 
   
   
 857,139 
   
   
 931,317 
   
   
 1,470,904 
   
 
 
   Contributions to subsidiaries and affiliates, net 
   
   
 (98,387 
 ) 
   
 (118,049 
 ) 
   
 (135,060 
 ) 
 
 
   Distribution received from investments in affiliates 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,500 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Change in restricted cash and marketable investment securities 
   
   
 (44 
 ) 
   
 (233 
 ) 
   
 105 
   
 
 
   Purchase of strategic investments securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (59,475 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from sale of strategic investments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 697,498 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,596 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash flows from investing activities 
   
   
 (198,434 
 ) 
   
 (57,892 
 ) 
   
 225,799 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net proceeds from Class A common stock options exercised and stock issued under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
   
   
 71,247 
   
   
 15,398 
   
   
 28,718 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,882 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash flows from financing activities 
   
   
 71,247 
   
   
 15,398 
   
   
 30,600 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (71,982 
 ) 
   
 38,710 
   
   
 332,608 
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
   
   
 471,820 
   
   
 433,110 
   
   
 100,502 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
   
 $ 
 399,838 
   
 $ 
 471,820 
   
 $ 
 433,110 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  F-75 

 
 
 
 

       


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 
   

   
   
   ECHOSTAR CORPORATION   SCHEDULE II   VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS          

 Our valuation and qualifying accounts as of December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 

  
   
 Balance at 
Beginning 
of Year  
   
 Charged to 
Costs and Expenses  
   
 Deductions  
   
 Balance at 
End of Year  
   
 
 
   
   
 (In thousands) 
   
 
 
   For the years ended: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 16,894 
   
 $ 
 35,311 
   
 $ 
 (38,968 
 ) 
 $ 
 13,237 
   
 
 
   December 31, 2012 
   
 $ 
 18,484 
   
 $ 
 27,099 
   
 $ 
 (28,689 
 ) 
 $ 
 16,894 
   
 
 
   December 31, 2011 
   
 $ 
 7,644 
   
 $ 
 18,779 
   
 $ 
 (7,939 
 ) 
 $ 
 18,484 
   
 
 
 
  
  F-76 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
