
 10-K
 1
 d633944d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  

 Index to Financial Statements 

    
     UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549  
 Form 10-K      
 
 
   
 þ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013  
  Or      
 
 
   
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from              to
                Commission file number: 1-5690  
 GENUINE PARTS COMPANY    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Georgia 
   
 58-0254510 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
 2999 Circle 75 Parkway, Atlanta, Georgia 
   
 30339 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   770-953-1700    (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)    Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 


 
 Common Stock, $1 par value per share 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   þ     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.    Yes   ¨     No   þ   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes   þ     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of  Regulation S-T  during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files).    Yes   þ     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     þ     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer   þ 
   
 Accelerated filer   ¨ 
    
 Non-accelerated filer   ¨ 
   
 Smaller reporting company   ¨ 
 
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes   ¨     No   þ   
 As of June 30, 2013, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
approximately $11,558,411,000 based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.    Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Class 
    
   Outstanding at February 18, 2013 


 
 Common Stock, $1 par value per share 
    
 153,727,213 shares 
   Specifically identified portions of the Company’s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting
of Shareholders to be held on April 28, 2014 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.      
       

 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  PART I.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1 . 
 BUSINESS .     Genuine Parts Company, a Georgia corporation incorporated on May 7, 1928, is a service organization engaged in the distribution of automotive replacement parts, industrial replacement parts, office
products and electrical/electronic materials through our four operating segments, each described in more detail below. In 2013, business was conducted from approximately 2,600 locations throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico and, effective
April 1, 2013, Australia and New Zealand. As of December 31, 2013, the Company employed approximately 37,500 persons.    As used in this report, the “Company” refers to Genuine Parts Company and its subsidiaries, except as otherwise indicated by the context; and the terms “automotive parts” and
“industrial parts” refer to replacement parts in each respective category.    Financial Information about
Segments .     For financial information regarding segments as well as our geographic areas of operation, refer to Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on
 page F-1.     Available Information .     The
Company’s internet website can be found at www.genpt.com. The Company makes available, free of charge through its internet website, access to the Company’s annual reports on  Form 10-K,  quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other reports, and any amendments to these documents, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”). Additionally, our corporate governance guidelines, codes of conduct and ethics, and charters of the Audit Committee and the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors, as well as
information regarding our procedure for shareholders and other interested parties to communicate with our Board of Directors, are available on our website.    In Part III of this Form 10-K, we incorporate certain information by reference to our proxy statement for our 2014 annual meeting of shareholders. We expect to file that proxy statement with the
SEC on or about February 27, 2014, and we will make it available online at the same time at http://www.proxydocs.com/gpc. Please refer to the proxy statement for the information incorporated by reference into Part III of this From 10-K when it
is available.    AUTOMOTIVE PARTS GROUP    The Automotive Parts Group, the largest division of the Company, distributes automotive parts and accessory items. In addition to nearly 450,000 available part numbers, the Company offers complete
inventory, cataloging, marketing, training and other programs in the automotive aftermarket. The Company, as a result of its acquisition of Quaker City Motor Parts Co. in May 2012, is the sole member of the National Automotive Parts Association
(“NAPA”), a voluntary trade association formed in 1925 to provide nationwide distribution of automotive parts.  
 During 2013, the Company’s Automotive Parts Group included NAPA automotive parts distribution centers and automotive parts stores
(“auto parts stores” or “NAPA AUTO PARTS stores”) owned and operated in the United States by the Company; NAPA and Traction automotive parts distribution centers and auto parts stores in the United States and Canada owned and
operated by the Company and NAPA Canada/UAP Inc. (“NAPA Canada/UAP”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company; auto parts stores and distribution centers in the United States operated by corporations in which the Company owned either a
noncontrolling or controlling interest; auto parts stores in Canada operated by corporations in which UAP owns a 50% interest; import automotive parts distribution centers in the United States owned by the Company and operated by its Altrom America
division; import automotive parts distribution centers in Canada owned and operated by Altrom Canada Corporation (“Altrom Canada”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company; distribution centers in the United States owned by Balkamp, Inc.
(“Balkamp”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company; distribution facilities in the United  
      1  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
States owned by the Company and operated by its Rayloc division; and automotive parts distribution centers and automotive parts stores in Mexico, owned and operated by Grupo Auto Todo, S.A. de
C.V. (“Auto Todo”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.    In addition, effective April 1, 2013, the Company
completed the purchase of the remaining 70% stake of Exego Group, subsequently renamed GPC Asia Pacific, for approximately $590 million (USD), net of cash acquired of $70 million, and the assumption of approximately $230 million (USD) in net debt.
The purchase was funded using a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under existing credit facilities. The Company had previously purchased a 30% stake in GPC Asia Pacific on January 1, 2012 for approximately $166 million (USD) in cash.
GPC Asia Pacific, headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, is a leading aftermarket distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in Australasia, with annual revenues of approximately $1.1 billion (USD) and a company-owned store
footprint of 460 locations across Australia and New Zealand. In 2012, the Company accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting.    The Company has a 15% interest in Mitchell Repair Information (“MRIC”), a subsidiary of Snap-on Incorporated. MRIC is a leading automotive diagnostic and repair information company with over
40,000 North American subscribers linked to its services and information databases. MRIC’s core product, “Mitchell ON-DEMAND”, is a premier electronic repair information source in the automotive aftermarket.  
 The Company’s NAPA automotive parts distribution centers distribute replacement parts (other than body parts) for substantially all
motor vehicle makes and models in service in the United States, including imported vehicles, trucks, SUVs, buses, motorcycles, recreational vehicles and farm vehicles. In addition, the Company distributes replacement parts for small engines, farm
equipment and heavy duty equipment. The Company’s inventories also include accessory items for such vehicles and equipment, and supply items used by a wide variety of customers in the automotive aftermarket, such as repair shops, service
stations, fleet operators, automobile and truck dealers, leasing companies, bus and truck lines, mass merchandisers, farms, industrial concerns and individuals who perform their own maintenance and parts installation. Although the Company’s
domestic automotive operations purchase from approximately 100 different suppliers, approximately 50% of 2013 automotive parts inventories were purchased from 10 major suppliers. Since 1931, the Company has had return privileges with most of its
suppliers, which have protected the Company from inventory obsolescence.    Distribution
System .     In 2013, the Company operated 62 domestic NAPA automotive parts distribution centers located in 41 states and approximately 1,100 domestic company-owned NAPA AUTO PARTS stores located in 46 states. At
December 31, 2013, the Company owned either a noncontrolling or controlling interest in six corporations, which operated approximately 114 auto parts stores in nine states.  
 NAPA Canada/UAP, founded in 1926, is a Canadian leader in the distribution and marketing of replacement parts and
accessories for automobiles and trucks. NAPA Canada/UAP employs approximately 3,800 people and operates a network of 12 distribution centers supplying approximately 594 NAPA stores and 104 Traction wholesalers. Traction is a supplier of parts
to small and large fleet owners and operators and, together with NAPA stores, is a significant supplier to the mining and forestry industries. The NAPA stores and Traction wholesalers in Canada include approximately 187 company owned stores, 12
joint ventures and 28 progressive owners in which NAPA Canada/UAP owns a 50% interest and approximately 471 independently owned stores. NAPA and Traction operations supply bannered installers and independent installers in all provinces of Canada, as
well as networks of service stations and repair shops operating under the banners of national accounts. UAP is a licensee of the NAPA ®  name in Canada.    In Canada, Altrom Canada
operates 13 import automotive parts distribution centers. In the United States, Altrom America operates two import automotive parts distribution centers.    In Mexico, Auto Todo owns and operates 11 distribution centers, four auto parts stores and four tire centers. Auto Todo is a licensee of the NAPA ®  name in Mexico.    In Australia and New
Zealand, GPC Asia Pacific is leading distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories. GPC Asia Pacific operates eight distribution centers, 399 Repco stores and 61 branches associated with the Ashdown Ingram, Motospecs and McLeod
operations.  
      2  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  The Company’s domestic distribution centers serve approximately 4,900 independently
owned NAPA AUTO PARTS stores located throughout the United States. NAPA AUTO PARTS stores, in turn, sell to a wide variety of customers in the automotive aftermarket. Collectively, these independent automotive parts stores account for approximately
65% of the Company’s total U.S. Automotive sales and 24% of the Company’s total sales, with no automotive parts store or group of automotive parts stores with individual or common ownership accounting for more than 0.25% of the total sales
of the Company.    Products .     Distribution centers have access to over
446,000 different parts and related supply items. Each item is cataloged and numbered for identification and accessibility. Significant inventories are carried to provide for fast and frequent deliveries to customers. Most orders are filled and
shipped the same day as they are received. The majority of sales are paid from statements with varied terms and conditions. The Company does not manufacture any of the products it distributes. The majority of products are distributed under the NAPA ®  name, a mark licensed to the Company by NAPA, which is important to the sales and marketing of these products.
Traction sales also include products distributed under the HD Plus name, a proprietary line of automotive parts for the heavy duty truck market.    Related Operations .     Balkamp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, distributes a wide variety of replacement parts and accessory items for passenger cars,
heavy-duty vehicles, motorcycles and farm equipment. In addition, Balkamp distributes service items such as testing equipment, lubricating equipment, gauges, cleaning supplies, chemicals and supply items used by repair shops, fleets, farms and
institutions. Balkamp packages many of the 45,000 products, which constitute the “Balkamp” line of products that are distributed through the NAPA system. These products are categorized into over 175 different product categories purchased
from approximately 450 domestic suppliers and over 100 foreign manufacturers. Balkamp has two distribution centers located in Plainfield, Indiana, and West Jordan, Utah. In addition, Balkamp operates two redistribution centers that provide the NAPA
system with over 1,100 SKUs of oils and chemicals. BALKAMP ® , a federally registered trademark, is important to
the sales and marketing promotions of the Balkamp organization.    The Company, through its Rayloc division,
operates four facilities where certain small automotive parts are distributed through the NAPA system under the
NAPA ®  brand name. Rayloc ®  is a mark licensed to the Company by NAPA.  
 The Company’s Heavy Vehicle Parts Group operates as TW Distribution, with one warehouse location in Atlanta, Georgia, which serves 22
Traction Heavy Duty parts stores in the United States, of which 14 are company-owned and eight are independently owned. This group distributes heavy vehicle parts through the NAPA system and direct to small fleet owners and operators.  
 Segment Data .     In the year ended December 31, 2013, sales from the Automotive Parts Group were
approximately 53% of the Company’s net sales, as compared to 49% in 2012 and 2011. For additional segment information, see Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1.  
 Service to NAPA AUTO PARTS Stores .     The Company believes that the quality and the
range of services provided to its automotive parts customers constitute a significant advantage for its automotive parts distribution system. Such services include fast and frequent delivery, parts cataloging (including the use of electronic NAPA
AUTO PARTS catalogs) and stock adjustment through a continuing parts classification system which, as initiated by the Company from time to time, allows independent retailers (“jobbers”) to return certain merchandise on a scheduled basis.
The Company offers its NAPA AUTO PARTS store customers various management aids, marketing aids and service on topics such as inventory control, cost analysis, accounting procedures, group insurance and retirement benefit plans, as well as marketing
conferences and seminars, sales and advertising manuals and training programs. Point of sale/inventory management is available through TAMS ®  (Total Automotive Management Systems), a computer system designed and developed by the Company for the NAPA AUTO PARTS stores.  
 The Company, has developed and refined an inventory classification system to determine optimum distribution center and auto parts store
inventory levels for automotive parts stocking based on automotive registrations, usage rates, production statistics, technological advances and other similar factors. This system, which undergoes continuous analytical review, is an integral part of
the Company’s inventory control procedures and  
      3  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
comprises an important feature of the inventory management services that the Company makes available to its NAPA AUTO PARTS store customers. Over the last 20 years, losses to the Company
from obsolescence have been insignificant and the Company attributes this to the successful operation of its classification system, which involves product return privileges with most of its suppliers.  
 Competition .     The automotive parts distribution business is highly competitive. The Company competes
with automobile manufacturers (some of which sell replacement parts for vehicles built by other manufacturers as well as those that they build themselves), automobile dealers, warehouse clubs and large automotive parts retail chains. In addition,
the Company competes with the distributing outlets of parts manufacturers, oil companies, mass merchandisers, including national retail chains, and with other parts distributors and retailers. The Automotive Parts Group competes primarily on product
offering, service, brand recognition and price. Further information regarding competition in the industry is set forth in “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We Face Substantial Competition in the Industries in Which We Do Business.”
   NAPA .     The Company is the sole member of the National Automotive Parts Association, a
voluntary association formed in 1925 to provide nationwide distribution of automotive parts. NAPA, which neither buys nor sells automotive parts, functions as a trade association whose sole member in 2013 owned and operated 62 distribution centers
located throughout the United States. NAPA develops marketing concepts and programs that may be used by its members which, at December 31, 2013, includes only the Company. It is not involved in the chain of distribution.  
 Among the automotive lines within the NAPA system that the Company purchases and distributes are certain lines designated, cataloged,
advertised and promoted as “NAPA” lines. The Company is not required to purchase any specific quantity of parts so designated and may, and does, purchase competitive lines from other supply sources.  
 The Company uses the federally registered trademark NAPA ®  as part of the trade name of its distribution centers and parts stores. The Company contributes to NAPA’s national advertising program, which is designed to
increase public recognition of the NAPA name and to promote NAPA product lines.    The Company is a party, together with the
former members of NAPA, to a consent decree entered by the Federal District Court in Detroit, Michigan, on May 4, 1954. The consent decree enjoins certain practices under the federal antitrust laws, including the use of exclusive agreements
with manufacturers of automotive parts, allocation or division of territories among the Company and former NAPA members, fixing of prices or terms of sale for such parts among such members, and agreements to adhere to any uniform policy in selecting
parts customers or determining the number and location of, or arrangements with, auto parts customers.    INDUSTRIAL PARTS GROUP
   The Industrial Parts Group is operated as Motion Industries, Inc. (“Motion”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Motion distributes industrial replacement parts and related supplies such as bearings, mechanical and electrical power transmission, industrial automation, hose, hydraulic and pneumatic components,
industrial supplies and material handling products to MRO (maintenance, repair and operation) and OEM (original equipment manufacturer) customers throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico.  
 In Canada, industrial parts are distributed by Motion Industries (Canada), Inc. (“Motion Canada”). The Mexican market is served
by Motion Mexico S de RL de CV (“Motion Mexico”). These organizations operate in the Company’s North American structure.    In 2013, the Industrial Parts Group served more than 150,000 customers in all types of industries located throughout North America, including the food and beverage, forest products, primary metal, pulp
and paper, mining, automotive, oil and gas, petrochemical and pharmaceutical industries; as well as strategically targeted specialty industries such as power generation, wastewater treatment facilities, wind power generation, solar power, government
projects, pipelines, railroad, ports, and others. Motion services all manufacturing and processing industries with access to a database of 5.6 million parts. Additionally, Motion provides U.S. government agencies access to approximately 600,000
products and replacement parts through a Government Services Administration (GSA) schedule.  
      4  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  In the fourth quarter of 2013, Motion made two strategic acquisitions. Effective
October 26, 2013, Motion acquired the stock of AST Bearings LLC (“AST”), with facilities in Montville, New Jersey and Irvine, California. AST is an industrial distributor specializing in high-precision, miniature and specialty
bearings, bushings and related services, with annual revenues of approximately $35 million. Effective December 2, 2013, Motion acquired the assets of Paragon Service & Supply, Inc. (“Paragon”), located in Lima, Ohio. Paragon
is a distributor of industrial cutting tools, abrasives and metal-working equipment, with approximately $15 million in annual revenues.    Effective January 31, 2014, Motion Canada acquired Commercial Solutions Inc. (“CSI”), which at that time was a public company traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol
“CSA”. CSI’s shares were delisted following the acquisition. Headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, CSI is an independent national distributor of industrial supplies, including bearings and power transmission products, complete solutions
for drilling rigs and industrial and safety supplies. Its customers represent a broad cross-section of industries and are served from 22 locations across Canada and one in the U.S. CSI is expected to generate approximately $100 million in annual
revenues.    The Industrial Parts Group provides customers with supply chain efficiencies achieved through inventory management
and logistical solutions coupled with Motion’s vast product knowledge and system capabilities. The Company meets the MRO demand of a large and fragmented market with high levels of service in the areas of asset management, inventory and
logistics management, product application and utilization management processes. A highly developed supply chain with vendor partnerships and customer connectivity are enhanced by Motion’s leading e-business capabilities, such as
MiSupplierConnect, which provides integration between the Company’s information technology network and suppliers’ systems, creating numerous benefits for both the supplier and customer.  
 Distribution System .     In North America, the Industrial Parts Group operated 511 branches, 15
distribution centers and 42 service centers as of December 31, 2013. The distribution centers stock and distribute more than 240,000 different items purchased from more than 1,100 different suppliers. The service centers provide hydraulic, hose
and mechanical repairs for customers. Approximately 34% of 2013 total industrial product purchases were made from 10 major suppliers. Sales are generated from the Industrial Parts Group’s branches located in 49 states, Puerto Rico, nine
provinces in Canada, and Mexico. Each branch has warehouse facilities that stock significant amounts of inventory representative of the products used by customers in the respective market area served.  
 Products .     The Industrial Parts Group distributes a wide variety of parts and products to its
customers, primarily industrial concerns. Products include such items as hoses, belts, bearings, pulleys, pumps, valves, chains, gears, sprockets, speed reducers, electric motors, and industrial supplies. In recent years, Motion expanded its
offering to include systems and automation products in response to the increasing sophistication of motion control and process automation for full systems integration of plant equipment. Manufacturing trends and government policies have led to
opportunities in the “green” and energy-efficient product markets, focusing on product offerings such as energy-efficient motors and drives, recyclable and environmentally friendly parts and supplies. The nature of this group’s
business demands the maintenance of adequate inventories and the ability to promptly meet demanding delivery requirements. Virtually all of the products distributed are installed by the customer or used in plant and facility maintenance activities.
Most orders are filled immediately from existing stock and deliveries are normally made within 24 hours of receipt of order. The majority of all sales are on open account. Motion has ongoing purchase agreements with existing customers that
represent approximately 50% of the annual sales volume.    Supply Agreements .     Non-exclusive
distributor agreements are in effect with most of the Industrial Parts Group’s suppliers. The terms of these agreements vary; however, it has been the experience of the Industrial Parts Group that the custom of the trade is to treat such
agreements as continuing until breached by one party or until terminated by mutual consent. Motion has return privileges with most of its suppliers, which has protected the Company from inventory obsolescence.  
 Segment Data .     In the year ended December 31, 2013, sales from the Company’s Industrial
Parts Group approximated 31% of the Company’s net sales, as compared to 34% in 2012 and 33% in 2011. For additional segment information, see Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1.  
      5  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Competition .     The industrial parts distribution business
is highly competitive. The Industrial Parts Group competes with other distributors specializing in the distribution of such items, general line distributors and others who provide similar services. To a lesser extent, the Industrial Parts Group
competes with manufacturers that sell directly to the customer. The Industrial Parts Group competes primarily on the breadth of product offerings, service and price. Further information regarding competition in the industry is set forth in
“Item 1A. Risk Factors — We Face Substantial Competition in the Industries in Which We Do Business.”    OFFICE
PRODUCTS GROUP    The Office Products Group, operated through S. P. Richards Company (“S. P. Richards”), a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. S. P. Richards is engaged in the wholesale distribution of a broad line of office and other business related products through a diverse customer base of resellers. These
products are used in homes, businesses, schools, offices, and other institutions. Office products fall into the general categories of computer supplies, imaging products, office furniture, office machines, general office products, school supplies,
cleaning, janitorial, sanitation and breakroom supplies, safety and security items, healthcare products and disposable food service products.    The Office Products Group is represented in Canada through S. P. Richards Canada, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company headquartered near Toronto, Ontario. S. P. Richards Canada services office
product resellers throughout Canada from locations in Vancouver, Toronto, Calgary, Edmonton and Winnipeg.    Effective
February 1, 2014, S. P. Richards acquired the assets of Garland C. Norris Company, Inc. (“GCN”), headquartered in Apex, North Carolina. GCN is a regional wholesale distributor of food service disposables and janitorial and cleaning
supplies, with annual revenues of approximately $35 million.    Distribution System .     The
Office Products Group distributes more than 55,000 items to over 4,300 resellers and distributors throughout the United States and Canada from a network of 41 distribution centers. This group’s network of strategically located distribution
centers provides overnight delivery of the Company’s comprehensive product offering. Approximately 47% of the Company’s 2013 total office products purchases were made from 10 major suppliers.  
 The Office Products Group sells to a wide variety of resellers. These resellers include independently owned office product dealers,
national office product superstores and mass merchants, large contract stationers, mail order companies, Internet resellers, college bookstores, military base stores, office furniture dealers, value-added technology resellers, business machine
dealers, janitorial and sanitation supply distributors, safety product resellers and food service distributors. Resellers are offered comprehensive marketing programs, which include print and electronic catalogs and flyers, electronic content for
reseller websites, and education and training resources. In addition, market analytics programs are made available to qualified resellers.    Products .     The Office Products Group distributes computer supplies including storage media, printer supplies and computer accessories; office furniture including desks,
credenzas, chairs, chair mats, partitions, file cabinets and computer furniture; office machines including telephones, answering machines, calculators, fax machines, multi-function copiers, printers, digital cameras, televisions, laminators and
shredders; general office supplies including desk accessories, business forms, accounting supplies, binders, filing supplies, report covers, writing instruments, envelopes, note pads, copy paper, mailroom and shipping supplies, drafting supplies and
audiovisual supplies; school supplies including bulletin boards, teaching aids and art supplies; healthcare products including exam room supplies and accessories; janitorial and cleaning supplies; safety supplies; disposable food service products;
and breakroom supplies including napkins, utensils, snacks and beverages. S. P. Richards has return privileges with most of its suppliers, which have protected the Company from inventory obsolescence.  
 While the Company’s inventory includes products from nearly 600 of the industry’s leading manufacturers
worldwide, S. P. Richards also markets products under its eight proprietary brands. These brands include:
Sparco tm , an economical line of office supply basics;
Compucessory ® , a line of computer accessories; Lorell tm , a line of office furniture; NatureSaver ® , an offering of recycled products; Elite
Image ® , a line of new and remanufactured toner cartridges, premium papers and labels; Integra tm , a line of writing instruments; Genuine Joe ® , a line  
      6  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
of cleaning and breakroom products; and Business Source ® ,
a line of basic office supplies available only to independent resellers. Through the Company’s
FurnitureAdvantage tm  program, S. P. Richards provides
resellers with an additional 11,000 furniture items made available to consumers in 7 to 10 business days.    Segment
Data .     In the year ended December 31, 2013, sales from the Company’s Office Products Group approximated 12% of the Company’s net sales, as compared to 13% in 2012 and 14% in 2011. For additional segment
information, see Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1.  
 Competition .     The office products distribution business is highly competitive. In the distribution of
its product offering to resellers, S. P. Richards competes with many other wholesale distributors, as well as with certain manufacturers of office products. S. P. Richards competes primarily on price, product offerings, service, marketing programs
and brand recognition. Further information regarding competition in the industry is set forth in “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We Face Substantial Competition in the Industries in Which We Do Business.”  
 ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC MATERIALS GROUP    The Electrical/Electronic Materials Group was formed on July 1, 1998 through the acquisition of EIS, Inc. (“EIS”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company headquartered in Atlanta,
Georgia. This Group distributes materials to more than 20,000 electrical and electronic manufacturers, as well as industrial assembly and specialty wire and cable markets in North America. With 47 branch locations in the United States, Puerto Rico,
the Dominican Republic, Mexico and Canada, this Group distributes over 100,000 items including wire and cable, insulating and conductive materials, assembly tools and test equipment. EIS also has six manufacturing facilities that provide custom
fabricated parts.    In 2013, EIS made two strategic acquisitions. Effective August 1, 2013, EIS acquired the assets of
Trient Technologies Inc., a fabricator of flexible materials with one location in Woodville, Wisconsin and annual revenues of approximately $9 million. Effective October 31, 2013, EIS acquired the assets of Tekra Corporation
(“Tekra”), headquartered in New Berlin, Wisconsin. Tekra is an independent fabricator and coater of films and flexible materials with approximately $75 million in annual revenues.  
 Additionally, effective February 1, 2014, EIS acquired the assets of Electro-Wire, Inc. (“Electro-Wire”). Headquartered in
Schaumburg, Illinois, Electro-Wire is a North American distributor and contract manufacturer of specialty wire and cable products with four locations in the U.S. and primarily serving the telecom and transit markets. Electro-Wire is expected to
generate approximately $100 million in annual revenues.    Distribution System .     The
Electrical/Electronic Materials Group provides distribution services to OEM’s, motor repair shops, specialty wire and cable users and a broad variety of industrial assembly markets. EIS actively utilizes its e-commerce Internet site to present
its products to customers while allowing these on-line visitors to conveniently purchase from a large product assortment.  
 Electrical and electronic, industrial assembly, and wire and cable products are distributed from warehouse locations in major user markets
throughout the United States, as well as in Mexico, Canada, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. EIS has return privileges with some of its suppliers, which have protected the Company from inventory obsolescence.  
 Products .    The Electrical/Electronic Materials Group distributes a wide variety of products to
customers from over 350 vendors. These products include custom fabricated flexible materials that are used as components within a customer’s manufactured finished product in a variety of market segments. Among the products distributed and
fabricated are such items as magnet wire, conductive materials, electrical wire and cable, insulating and shielding materials, assembly tools, test equipment, adhesives and chemicals, pressure sensitive tapes, solder, anti-static products, thermal
management products and coated films. To meet the prompt delivery demands of its customers, this Group maintains large inventories. The majority of sales are on open account. Approximately 45% of 2013 total Electrical/Electronic Materials Group
purchases were made from 10 major suppliers.    Integrated Supply .     The Electrical/Electronic
Materials Group’s integrated supply programs are a part of the marketing strategy, as a greater number of customers — especially national accounts — are given the opportunity to participate in this low-cost, high-service
capability. The Group developed AIMS (Advanced Inventory  
      7  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
Management System), a totally integrated, highly automated solution for inventory management. The Group’s Integrated Supply offering also includes AIMS EASI, an electronic vending dispenser
used to eliminate costly tool cribs, or in-house stores, at customer warehouse facilities.    Segment
Data .     In the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, sales from the Company’s Electrical/Electronic Materials Group approximated 4% of the Company’s net sales. For additional segment information,
see Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1.  
 Competition .    The electrical and electronics distribution business is highly competitive. The
Electrical/Electronic Materials Group competes with other distributors specializing in the distribution of electrical and electronic products, general line distributors and, to a lesser extent, manufacturers that sell directly to customers. EIS
competes primarily on factors of price, product offerings, service and engineered solutions. Further information regarding competition in the industry is set forth in “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We Face Substantial Competition in
the Industries in Which We Do Business.”      
 
 
 ITEM 1A . 
 RISK FACTORS .     FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    Some statements in this report, as well as in
other materials we file with the SEC or otherwise release to the public and in materials that we make available on our website, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Senior officers may also make verbal statements to analysts, investors, the media and others that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may relate, for example, to future operations, prospects, strategies, financial
condition, economic performance (including growth and earnings), industry conditions and demand for our products and services. The Company cautions that its forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and while we believe that our
expectations for the future are reasonable in view of currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events may differ materially from those indicated in our
forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed below.    Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no duty to update its forward-looking statements except as required by law. You are advised, however, to review
any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our subsequent Forms 10-Q, Form 8-K and other reports to the SEC.    Set forth below are the material risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business or could cause our actual results to differ materially from the
results contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this report and in the other public statements we make. Please be aware that these risks may change over time and other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may emerge at
any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our securities.  
 Our business will be adversely affected if demand for our products slows.  
 Our business depends on customer demand for the products that we distribute. Demand for these products depends on many factors.
   With respect to our automotive group, the primary factors are:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the number of miles vehicles are driven annually, as higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranty or maintenance offered on new vehicles;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the number of vehicles in current service that are six years old and older, as these vehicles are typically no longer under the original vehicle
manufacturers’ warranty and will need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles;  
      8  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   gas prices, as increases in gas prices may deter consumers from using their vehicles;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in travel patterns, which may cause consumers to rely more on other transportation;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation, as
consumers may be forced to have all diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the vehicle manufacturers’ dealer networks; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the economy generally, which in declining conditions may cause consumers to defer vehicle maintenance and repair and defer discretionary spending.
   With respect to our industrial parts group, the primary factors are:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the level of industrial production and manufacturing capacity utilization, as these indices reflect the need for industrial replacement parts;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an index reading of 50 or
more implies an expanding manufacturing economy, while a reading below 50 implies a contracting manufacturing economy;     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the consolidation of certain of our manufacturing customers and the trend of manufacturing operations being moved overseas; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for industrial output.  
 With respect to our office products group, the primary factors are:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the increasing digitization of the workplace, as this impacts the need for certain office products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the level of unemployment, especially as it relates to white collar and service jobs, as this impacts the need for office products; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for office products consumption.  
 With respect to our electrical/electronic materials group, the primary factors are:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an index reading of 50 or
more implies an expanding manufacturing economy, while a reading below 50 implies a contracting manufacturing economy; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for industrial output.  
 Uncertainty and/or deterioration in general macro-economic conditions, including unemployment, inflation or deflation, high energy
costs, uncertain credit markets, or other economic conditions, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.    Our business and operating results may in the future be adversely affected by uncertain global economic conditions, including instability in credit markets, declining consumer and business confidence,
fluctuating commodity prices, volatile exchange rates, and other challenges that could affect the global economy. Both our commercial and retail customers may experience deterioration of their financial resources, which could result in existing or
potential customers delaying or canceling plans to purchase our products. Our vendors could experience similar conditions, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. Future weakness in the global economy could adversely
affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future periods.    We depend on our relationships
with our vendors, and a disruption of our vendor relationships or a disruption in our vendors’ operations could harm our business.    As a distributor of automotive parts, industrial parts, office products and electrical/electronic materials, our business depends on developing and maintaining close and productive relationships with our
vendors. We depend  
      9  


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
on our vendors to sell us quality products at favorable prices. Many factors outside our control, including, without limitation, raw material shortages, inadequate manufacturing capacity, labor
disputes, transportation disruptions or weather conditions, could adversely affect our vendors’ ability to deliver to us quality merchandise at favorable prices in a timely manner. Furthermore, financial or operational difficulties with a
particular vendor could cause that vendor to increase the cost of the products or decrease the quality of the products we purchase from it. Vendor consolidation could also limit the number of suppliers from which we may purchase products and could
materially affect the prices we pay for these products. In our automotive business, the number of vendors could decrease considerably, and the prices charged to us by the remaining vendors could increase, to the extent that vehicle production slows
due to a decline in consumer spending and, possibly, the failure of one or more of the large automobile manufacturers. We would suffer an adverse impact if our vendors limit or cancel the return privileges that currently protect us from inventory
obsolescence.    We face substantial competition in the industries in which we do business.  
 The sale of automotive and industrial parts, office products and electrical materials is highly competitive and impacted by many factors,
including name recognition, product availability, customer service, anticipating changing customer preferences, store location, and pricing pressures. Because we seek to offer competitive prices, if our competitors reduce their prices, we may be
forced to reduce our prices, which could result in a material decline in our revenues and earnings. Increased competition among distributors of automotive and industrial parts, office products and electronic materials, including internet-related
initiatives, could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The Company anticipates no decline in competition in any of its four business segments in the foreseeable future.  
 In particular, the market for replacement automotive parts is highly competitive and subjects us to a wide variety of competitors. We
compete primarily with national and regional auto parts chains, independently owned regional and local automotive parts and accessories stores, automobile dealers that supply manufacturer replacement parts and accessories, mass merchandisers and
wholesale clubs that sell automotive products and regional and local full service automotive repair shops. Furthermore, the automotive aftermarket has experienced consolidation in recent years. Consolidation among our competitors could further
enhance their financial position, provide them with the ability to provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to achieve increased efficiencies in their consolidated operations that enable them to more
effectively compete for customers. If we are unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.  
 We may not be able to successfully implement our business initiatives in each of our four business segments to grow our sales and
earnings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.    We
have implemented numerous initiatives in each of our four business segments to grow sales and earnings, including the introduction of new and expanded product lines, strategic acquisitions, geographic expansion (including through acquisitions),
sales to new markets, enhanced customer marketing programs and a variety of gross margin and cost savings initiatives. If we are unable to implement these initiatives efficiently and effectively, or if these initiatives are unsuccessful, our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.    Successful implementation of
these initiatives also depends on factors specific to the automotive parts industry and the other industries in which we operate and numerous other factors that may be beyond our control. In addition to the other risk factors contained in this
“Item 1A. Risk Factors”, adverse changes in the following factors could undermine our business initiatives and have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the competitive environment in our end markets may force us to reduce prices below our desired pricing level or to increase promotional spending;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to meet customers’ needs for our products in a timely manner;
 
      10  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to successfully enter new markets, including by successfully identifying and acquiring suitable acquisition targets in these new markets;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to effectively manage our costs;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to continue to grow through acquisitions and successfully integrate acquired businesses in our existing operations; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the economy in general.    Because we are involved in litigation from time to time and are subject to numerous laws and governmental regulations, we could incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees and other costs.
   We are sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation from customers, employees or other third parties for various
actions. The damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings are substantial. Although we maintain liability insurance for some litigation claims, if one or more of the claims were to greatly exceed our insurance coverage limits or
if our insurance policies do not cover a claim, this could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.    Additionally, we are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to environmental protection, product quality standards, building and zoning requirements, as
well as employment law matters. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. In addition, our capital expenses
could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations.      
 
 
 ITEM 1B . 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS .     Not applicable.      
 
 
 ITEM 2 . 
 PROPERTIES .     The Company’s headquarters and Automotive Parts Group headquarters are located in two office buildings owned by the Company in Atlanta, Georgia.  
 The Company’s Automotive Parts Group currently operates 62 NAPA Distribution Centers in the United States distributed among ten
geographic divisions. Approximately 90% of the distribution center properties are owned by the Company. At December 31, 2013, the Company operated approximately 1,100 NAPA AUTO PARTS stores located in 46 states, and the Company owned
either a noncontrolling or controlling interest in 114 additional auto parts stores in nine states. Other than NAPA AUTO PARTS stores located within Company owned distribution centers, the majority of the automotive parts stores in which the
Company has an ownership interest are operated in leased facilities. In addition, NAPA Canada/UAP operates 12 distribution centers and approximately 199 automotive parts and Traction stores in Canada, excluding any joint ventures. Auto Todo
operates 11 distribution centers and eight stores and tire centers in Mexico. These operations are conducted in leased facilities. GPC Asia Pacific operates throughout Australia and New Zealand with eight distribution centers, 399 Repco stores and
61 branches associated with the Ashdown Ingram, Motospecs and McLeod operations. These distribution center, store and branch operations are conducted in leased facilities.    The Company’s Automotive Parts Group also operates four Balkamp distribution/redistribution centers, four Rayloc distribution facilities and two transfer and shipping facilities. Nearly all of the
Balkamp and Rayloc operations are conducted in facilities owned by the Company. Altrom Canada operates 13 import parts distribution centers and Altrom America operates two import parts distribution centers. The Heavy Vehicle Parts Group operates one
TW distribution center, which serves 22 Traction stores of which 14 are company owned and located in the U.S. These operations are conducted in leased facilities.    The Company’s Industrial Parts Group, operating through Motion and Motion Canada, operates 15 distribution centers, 42 service centers and 511 branches. Approximately 90% of these branches are
operated in leased facilities.  
      11  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  The Company’s Office Products Group operates 36 facilities in the United States and
five facilities in Canada distributed among the Group’s five geographic divisions. Approximately 75% of these facilities are operated in leased buildings.    The Company’s Electrical/Electronic Materials Group operates in 47 locations in the United States, one location in Puerto Rico, one location in the Dominican Republic, three locations in Mexico and
one location in Canada. All of this Group’s 53 facilities are operated in leased buildings.    We believe that our
facilities on the whole are in good condition, are adequately insured, are fully utilized and are suitable and adequate for the conduct of our current operations.    For additional information regarding rental expense on leased properties, see Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 3 . 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS .     The Company is subject to various legal and governmental proceedings, many involving routine litigation incidental to the businesses, including approximately 3,000 product liability lawsuits resulting
from its national distribution of automotive parts and supplies. Many of these involve claims of personal injury allegedly resulting from the use of automotive parts distributed by the Company. While litigation of any type contains an element of
uncertainty, the Company believes that its defense and ultimate resolution of pending and reasonably anticipated claims will continue to occur within the ordinary course of the Company’s business and that resolution of these claims will not
have a material effect on the Company’s business, results of operations or financial condition.      
 
 
 ITEM 4 . 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.     Not applicable.  
      12  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  PART II .   
   
 
 
 ITEM 5 . 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES .   
 Market Information Regarding Common Stock    The Company’s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “GPC”. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for the common stock per
quarter as reported on the New York Stock Exchange and dividends per share of common stock paid during the last two fiscal years:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Sales Price of Common Shares 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   Quarter 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   First 
    
 $ 
 78.12 
    
    
 $ 
 64.43 
    
    
 $ 
 66.43 
    
    
 $ 
 60.84 
    
 
   Second 
    
   
 84.27 
    
    
   
 71.87 
    
    
   
 66.50 
    
    
   
 55.58 
    
 
   Third 
    
   
 85.41 
    
    
   
 77.80 
    
    
   
 65.18 
    
    
   
 58.73 
    
 
   Fourth 
    
   
 84.89 
    
    
   
 76.26 
    
    
   
 66.90 
    
    
   
 59.53 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Dividends Declared per Share 
   
 
     
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Quarter 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   First 
    
 $ 
 0.5375 
    
    
 $ 
 0.4950 
    
 
   Second 
    
   
 0.5375 
    
    
   
 0.4950 
    
 
   Third 
    
   
 0.5375 
    
    
   
 0.4950 
    
 
   Fourth 
    
   
 0.5375 
    
    
   
 0.4950 
    
 
      13  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Stock Performance Graph  
 Set forth below is a line graph comparing the yearly dollar change in the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company’s Common
Stock against the cumulative total shareholder return of the Standard and Poor’s 500 Stock Index and a peer group composite index structured by the Company as set forth below for the five year period that commenced December 31, 2008 and
ended December 31, 2013. This graph assumes that $100 was invested on December 31, 2008 in Genuine Parts Company Common Stock, the S&P 500 Stock Index (the Company is a member of the S&P 500, and its cumulative total shareholder
return went into calculating the S&P 500 results set forth in the graph) and the peer group composite index as set forth below and assumes reinvestment of all dividends.    Comparison of five year cumulative total shareholder return      
 


 
    Genuine Parts Company, S&P 500 Index and peer group composite index  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cumulative Total Shareholder Return $ at Fiscal Year
End 
    
 2008 
   
    
 2009 
   
    
 2010 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Genuine Parts Company 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 105.22 
    
    
   
 147.87 
    
    
   
 182.23 
    
    
   
 195.48 
    
    
   
 263.01 
    
 
   S&P 500 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 126.46 
    
    
   
 145.50 
    
    
   
 148.58 
    
    
   
 172.35 
    
    
   
 228.17 
    
 
   Peer Index 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 142.97 
    
    
   
 207.35 
    
    
   
 199.05 
    
    
   
 227.70 
    
    
   
 321.78 
    
   In constructing the peer group composite index (“Peer Index”) for use in the stock performance
graph above, the Company used the shareholder returns of various publicly held companies (weighted in accordance with each company’s stock market capitalization at December 31, 2008 and including reinvestment of dividends) that compete
with the Company in three industry segments: automotive parts, industrial parts and office products (each group of companies included in the Peer Index as competing with the Company in a separate industry segment is hereinafter referred to as a
“Peer Group”). Included in the automotive parts Peer Group are those companies making up the Dow Jones U.S. Auto Parts Index (the Company is a member of such industry group, and its individual shareholder return was included when
calculating the Peer Index results set forth in the performance graph). Included in the industrial parts Peer Group are Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. and Kaman Corporation and included in the office products Peer Group is United Stationers
Inc. The Peer Index does not break out a separate electrical/electronic peer group due to the fact that there is currently no true market comparative to EIS. The electrical/electronic component of sales is redistributed to the Company’s other
segments on a pro rata basis to calculate the final Peer Index.  
      14  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  In determining the Peer Index, each Peer Group was weighted to reflect the Company’s
annual net sales in each industry segment. Each industry segment of the Company comprised the following percentages of the Company’s net sales for the fiscal years shown:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Industry Segment 
    
 2008 
   
   
 2009 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Automotive Parts 
    
   
 48 
 %  
   
   
 52 
 %  
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 53 
 %  
 
   Industrial Parts 
    
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 34 
 %  
   
   
 31 
 %  
 
   Office Products 
    
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Electrical/Electronic Materials 
    
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 4 
 %  
   Holders    As of December 31, 2013, there were 5,071 holders of record of the Company’s common stock. The number of holders of record does not include beneficial owners of the common stock whose shares are
held in the names of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries.    Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
   The following table provides information about the purchases of shares of the Company’s common stock during the
three month period ended December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased(1) 
   
    
 Average Price 
Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number 
of Shares Purchased as Part of
Publicly Announced Plans or Programs(2) 
   
    
 Maximum Number 
of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
   


 
   October 1, 2013 through October 31, 2013 
    
   
 215,475 
    
    
 $ 
 78.66 
    
    
   
 214,400 
    
    
   
 11,065,142 
    
 
   November 1, 2013 through November 30, 2013 
    
   
 276,080 
    
    
 $ 
 80.71 
    
    
   
 220,547 
    
    
   
 10,844,595 
    
 
   December 1, 2013 through December 31, 2013 
    
   
 190,561 
    
    
 $ 
 81.31 
    
    
   
 176,216 
    
    
   
 10,668,379 
    
 
   Totals 
    
   
 682,116 
    
    
 $ 
 80.23 
    
    
   
 611,163 
    
    
   
 10,668,379 
    
         
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes shares surrendered by employees to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of shares of restricted stock, the
exercise of stock options and/or tax withholding obligations.      
 
 
 (2) 
 On November 17, 2008, the Board of Directors announced that it had authorized the repurchase of 15 million shares. The authorization for this repurchase plan
continues until all such shares have been repurchased or the repurchase plan is terminated by action of the Board of Directors. Approximately 10.7 million shares authorized in the 2008 plan remain available to be repurchased by the Company.
There were no other publicly announced plans as of December 31, 2013.  
      15  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 
 
 ITEM 6 . 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA .     The following table sets forth certain selected historical financial and operating data of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The following selected financial data are qualified by
reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information beginning on page F-1, as well as in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this report.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2010 
   
    
 2009 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 14,077,843 
    
    
 $ 
 13,013,868 
    
    
 $ 
 12,458,877 
    
    
 $ 
 11,207,589 
    
    
 $ 
 10,057,512 
    
 
   Cost of goods sold 
    
   
 9,857,923 
    
    
   
 9,235,777 
    
    
   
 8,852,837 
    
    
   
 7,954,645 
    
    
   
 7,047,750 
    
 
   Operating and non-operating expenses, net 
    
   
 3,175,616 
    
    
   
 2,759,159 
    
    
   
 2,715,234 
    
    
   
 2,491,161 
    
    
   
 2,365,597 
    
 
   Income before taxes 
    
   
 1,044,304 
    
    
   
 1,018,932 
    
    
   
 890,806 
    
    
   
 761,783 
    
    
   
 644,165 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 359,345 
    
    
   
 370,891 
    
    
   
 325,690 
    
    
   
 286,272 
    
    
   
 244,590 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 684,959 
    
    
 $ 
 648,041 
    
    
 $ 
 565,116 
    
    
 $ 
 475,511 
    
    
 $ 
 399,575 
    
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding during year — assuming dilution 
    
   
 155,714 
    
    
   
 156,420 
    
    
   
 157,660 
    
    
   
 158,461 
    
    
   
 159,707 
    
 
   Per common share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Diluted net income 
    
 $ 
 4.40 
    
    
 $ 
 4.14 
    
    
 $ 
 3.58 
    
    
 $ 
 3.00 
    
    
 $ 
 2.50 
    
 
   Dividends declared 
    
   
 2.15 
    
    
   
 1.98 
    
    
   
 1.80 
    
    
   
 1.64 
    
    
   
 1.60 
    
 
   December 31 closing stock price 
    
   
 83.19 
    
    
   
 63.58 
    
    
   
 61.20 
    
    
   
 51.34 
    
    
   
 37.96 
    
 
   Total debt, less current maturities 
    
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 500,000 
    
 
   Total equity 
    
   
 3,358,768 
    
    
   
 3,008,179 
    
    
   
 2,753,591 
    
    
   
 2,763,486 
    
    
   
 2,590,144 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 7,680,297 
    
    
 $ 
 6,807,061 
    
    
 $ 
 6,202,774 
    
    
 $ 
 5,788,227 
    
    
 $ 
 5,327,872 
    
     
 
 
 ITEM 7 . 
 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS .   
 OVERVIEW    Genuine
Parts Company is a service organization engaged in the distribution of automotive parts, industrial parts, office products and electrical/electronic materials. We have a long tradition of growth dating back to 1928, the year we were founded in
Atlanta, Georgia. In 2013, the Company conducted business throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Mexico and Puerto Rico from approximately 2,600 locations.  
 We recorded consolidated net sales of $14.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2013, an increase of 8% compared to $13.0
billion in 2012. Consolidated net income for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $685 million, up 6% from $648 million in 2012. The Company’s internal growth initiatives, including the positive impact of acquisitions, as well as
effective cost management, which we discuss further below, served to drive our solid financial performance for the year, despite the challenging market conditions that were experienced by our non-automotive business segments.  
 The 8% sales growth in 2013 follows a 4.5% revenue increase in 2012 and an 11% increase in revenues in 2011. Our 6% increase in net income
follows a 15% increase in net income in 2012 and a 19% increase in net income in 2011. In 2011, we experienced strong and steady growth in three of our four business segments, as conditions in these industries improved significantly from the
depressed levels associated with the recessionary period of 2009. These favorable conditions began to moderate following the first quarter of 2012, which created a more challenging sales environment over the balance of the year. In 2013, we
continued to experience difficult market conditions in the Industrial, Electrical/Electronic and Office industries, while the Automotive business performed reasonably well. Over the three year period of 2011 through 2013, our financial performance
was positively impacted by a variety of initiatives we implemented to grow sales and earnings in each of our four  
      16  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
businesses. Examples of such initiatives include strategic acquisitions, the introduction of new and expanded product lines, geographic expansion, sales to new markets, enhanced customer
marketing programs and a variety of gross margin and cost savings initiatives. We discuss these initiatives further below.  
 With regard to the December 31, 2013 consolidated balance sheet, the Company’s cash balance of $197 million was down from cash
of $403 million at December 31, 2012, due primarily to recent acquisitions in our Automotive, Industrial and Electrical/Electronic business segments during 2013, which are discussed further under Liquidity and Capital Resources. The
Company continues to maintain a strong cash position, supported by the increase in net income and ongoing working capital management in 2013. Accounts receivable increased by approximately 12%, which is less than our sales increase in the fourth
quarter of the year, and inventory was up by approximately 13%, or approximately 1% before the impact of acquisitions. Accounts payable increased $588 million or 35% from the prior year. The significant increase in this line item is due
primarily to improved payment terms with certain suppliers. Additionally, accounts payable associated with acquisitions accounted for approximately 10% of the increase. Total debt outstanding at December 31, 2013 was $765 million, an increase
of $265 million from $500 million at December 31, 2012.    RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
 Our results of operations are summarized below for the three years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands except per share data) 
   


 
   Net Sales 
    
 $ 
 14,077,843 
    
    
 $ 
 13,013,868 
    
    
 $ 
 12,458,877 
    
 
   Gross Profit 
    
   
 4,219,920 
    
    
   
 3,778,091 
    
    
   
 3,606,040 
    
 
   Net Income 
    
   
 684,959 
    
    
   
 648,041 
    
    
   
 565,116 
    
 
   Diluted Earnings Per Share 
    
   
 4.40 
    
    
   
 4.14 
    
    
   
 3.58 
    
   Net Sales    Consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2013 totaled $14.1 billion, an 8% increase from 2012 driven by an 18.5% increase in the Automotive segment, that was offset by a 1% sales
decrease in our non-automotive businesses. Acquisitions, primarily in Automotive, but also in the Industrial and Electrical/Electronic businesses, contributed 7% to our total sales growth and increased sales volume accounted for the remaining 1%.
The impact of product inflation varied by business again in 2013 and, cumulatively, prices were flat in the Automotive segment, up approximately 1% in the Industrial and Electrical/Electronic segments and up approximately 0.5% in the Office segment.
The Company is well positioned to improve sales in 2014.    Consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2012
totaled $13.0 billion, a 4.5% increase from 2011 and driven by sales increases in three of our four business segments. Acquisitions in our Automotive and Electrical businesses contributed 2% to our sales growth and increased sales volume added
approximately 2% to sales. The impact of product inflation varied by business, as, cumulatively, prices in 2012 were flat in the Automotive segment, up approximately 2% in the Industrial segment, flat in the Electrical/Electronic segment and up
approximately 3% in the Office segment.    Automotive Group  
 Net sales for the Automotive Group (“Automotive”) were $7.5 billion in 2013, an increase of 18.5% from 2012. The increase
in sales for the year was primarily due to the April 1, 2013 acquisition of GPC Asia Pacific, formerly Exego, and the May 1, 2012 acquisition of Quaker City Motor Parts Co. (“Quaker City”). Combined, these acquisitions
contributed approximately 15% to sales. Additionally, Automotive achieved a positive comparable store sales increase of approximately 4%, offset slightly by the 0.5% negative impact of currency associated with our Canadian business. Automotive sales
were not materially impacted by product inflation or the effect of currency associated with our Mexican businesses. In 2013, Automotive revenues were up 3% in the first quarter, then up 22% in the second and third quarters and up 25% in the fourth
quarter. We believe that the  
      17  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
underlying fundamentals in the automotive aftermarket, including the overall aging of the vehicle population, remain solid and will serve to drive increased demand for automotive aftermarket
maintenance and supply items in 2014. Based on these fundamentals and the internal growth initiatives in our Automotive business, we expect to grow our sales for this group again in 2014.  
 Net sales for Automotive were $6.3 billion in 2012, an increase of 4% from 2011. The increase in sales for the year was primarily due
to the May 1, 2012 acquisition of Quaker City, which contributed approximately 3% to sales. Additionally, Automotive achieved a positive comparable store sales increase of slightly more than 1%. Automotive sales were not materially impacted by
product inflation or the effect of currency associated with our Canadian and Mexican businesses. In 2012, Automotive revenues were up 6% in the first quarter, then up 4% in the second quarter, up 2.5% in the third quarter and up 5% in the fourth
quarter.    Industrial Group    Net sales for Motion Industries, our Industrial Group (“Industrial”), were $4.4 billion in 2013, down slightly compared to 2012. Sales volumes in this business were down approximately 1%
from the prior year, while higher transaction values associated with product inflation added 1% to sales in 2013. The slight positive impact on sales from acquisitions was offset by the slight negative impact of currency associated with our Canadian
business. Industrial revenues were down 2% in the first quarter of 2013 , down 1% in the second quarter, down 2.5% in the third quarter and up 3% in the fourth quarter. We expect the recent acquisitions for this business segment, as well as other
internal growth initiatives and relatively stable manufacturing indicators, to provide us ample growth opportunities for our Industrial business in 2014.    Net sales for Industrial, were $4.5 billion in 2012, an increase of 7% compared to 2011. The positive impact of Industrial’s internal sales initiatives, which drove higher sales volume,
contributed 5% to sales. Higher transaction values in 2012 associated with product inflation added another 2% to sales. There was no material impact on sales from acquisitions and no effect of currency associated with our Canadian business.
Industrial revenues were up 12% in the first quarter of 2012, up 8% in the second quarter, then up 4.5% and 2% in the third and fourth quarters, respectively.    Office Group    Net sales for S. P. Richards, our Office Products Group
(“Office”), were $1.6 billion in 2013, a 3% decrease in sales from 2012. The industry-wide weakness in office products consumption, driven by the ongoing elevated levels of white collar unemployment and the declining demand for paper
and paper-based office products due to workplace digitization, continues to pressure this segment, and we do not expect any meaningful improvement in these conditions in the near future. Overall, sales volume in Office declined by approximately 3.5%
for the year, offset by the benefit of slightly higher transaction values associated with price inflation of 0.5%. Sales decreased by 1% in the first quarter, 3% in the second and third quarters and 4% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Our focus in
2014 will be on market share initiatives, product line extensions and further diversification of our product and customer portfolios.    Net sales for Office were $1.7 billion in 2012, flat with revenues in 2011. Overall, sales volume in Office declined by 3% for the year, offset by higher transaction values associated with price
inflation of approximately 3%. Sales decreased by 1% in the first, second and third quarters, and were up 3% in the fourth quarter of 2012.    Electrical/Electronic Group    Net sales for EIS, our Electrical and
Electronic Group (“Electrical/Electronic”), decreased to $569 million in 2013, down 2% from 2012. The decrease in revenues is attributable to several factors, as sales volume was down by 5% and copper pricing negatively impacted sales
by 1% relative to 2012. These items were partially offset by a 3% positive sales contribution from acquisitions and the benefit of higher transaction values associated with 1% price inflation for the year. Sales for Electrical/Electronic decreased
by 5% in the first quarter, 4% in the second quarter and 5% in the third quarter and were up 6% in the fourth quarter. Despite the slow market conditions for this segment in 2013, we expect the Electrical/Electronic business to benefit from its
internal growth initiatives, a gradually improving manufacturing environment and the incremental revenue from their recently completed acquisitions in the periods ahead.  
      18  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Net sales for Electrical/Electronic increased to $583 million in 2012, up 4.5% from
2011. The increase in revenues is due primarily to acquisitions, which contributed approximately 8% to our sales growth in 2012. A 2.5% decrease in sales volume and a 1% negative impact from copper pricing for the year served to offset this
increase. Sales for Electrical/Electronic increased by 5% in the first quarter, and were up 9% in the second quarter, up 5% in the third quarter and were down 2% in the fourth quarter.  
 Cost of Goods Sold    The Company includes in Cost of goods sold the actual cost of merchandise, which represents the vast majority of this line item. Other costs in Cost of goods sold include warranty costs and in-bound
freight from the supplier, net of any vendor allowances and incentives. Cost of goods sold was $9.9 billion, $9.2 billion and $8.9 billion in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The 7% increase in cost of goods sold in 2013 from 2012
is directly related to the sales increase for the same period, as product inflation was relatively insignificant and actual costs were relatively unchanged from the prior year. Cost of goods sold represented 70.0% of net sales in 2013, 71.0 %
of net sales in 2012 and 71.1% of net sales in 2011. The 100 basis point decrease in cost of goods sold as a percent of net sales in 2013 primarily reflects the positive gross margin impact of the 100% company owned store model at GPC Asia Pacific.
Other changes in cost of goods sold, including the slight decrease in 2012 from 2011, reflect our gross margin initiatives to enhance our pricing strategies, promote and sell higher margin products and minimize material acquisition costs.
   In 2013, the Industrial, Electrical/Electronic and Office business segments experienced slight vendor price increases. In
2012, only the Industrial and Office business segments experienced vendor price increases. In 2011, all four of our business segments experienced vendor price increases. In any year where we experience price increases, we are able to work with our
customers to pass most of these along to them.    Operating Expenses  
 The Company includes in Selling, administrative and other expenses (“SG&A”), all personnel and personnel related costs at
its headquarters, distribution centers and stores, which accounts for approximately 65% of total SG&A. Additional costs in SG&A include our facilities, delivery, marketing, advertising, legal and professional costs.  
 SG&A increased by $371 million or approximately 14% to $3.0 billion in 2013, representing 21.4% of net sales, which compares
to 20.4% of net sales in 2012. Primarily, the increase in SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales from the prior year is due to the 100% company owned store model at GPC Asia Pacific, which serves to increase both gross profit and SG&A
expenses. Additionally, we experienced decreased expense leverage in 2013 associated with the weak sales environment in our non-automotive businesses throughout the year. These items were partially offset by a $54 million one-time gain, net of other
expense adjustments, recorded to SG&A in the second quarter of 2013 as a purchase accounting adjustment associated with the April 1, 2013 acquisition of GPC Asia Pacific. Our management teams remain focused on properly managing the
Company’s expenses and continuing to assess the appropriate cost structure in our businesses. Depreciation and amortization expense was $134 million in 2013, an increase of $36 million or 36% from 2012. This increase primarily relates to the
depreciation for higher levels of capital expenditures and the amortization associated with acquisitions during the year. The provision for doubtful accounts was $9 million in 2013, an increase from $8 million in 2012. We believe the
Company is adequately reserved for bad debts at December 31, 2013.    SG&A increased by $54 million or
approximately 2% to $2.6 billion in 2012, representing 20.4% of net sales and down from 20.8% of net sales in 2011. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales improved from the prior year due to slightly greater expense leverage associated
with our sales growth, combined with management’s ongoing cost control measures in areas such as personnel, freight, fleet and logistics. Excluding acquisitions, the Company’s headcount at December 31, 2012 decreased by approximately
1% from 2011. These expense initiatives have served to further improve the Company’s cost structure. Depreciation and amortization expense was $98 million in 2012, an increase of $9 million or 11% from 2011. This increase primarily relates to
the amortization associated with acquisitions during the year. The provision for doubtful accounts was $8 million in 2012, down $5 million or 40% from $13 million in 2011.  
      19  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Total share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 was $12.6 million, $10.7 million and $7.5 million, respectively. Refer to Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding share-based compensation.  
 Non-Operating Expenses and Income    Non-operating expenses consist primarily of interest. Interest expense was $27 million in 2013, $20 million in 2012 and $27 million in 2011. The $7 million increase in interest expense in 2013 is due
to higher debt levels incurred for the GPC Asia Pacific acquisition. In November 2013, the Company renewed certain debt at a favorable interest rate and although the renewal did not materially reduce interest expense in 2013, the new interest rate
will save approximately $4 million in annual interest expense beginning in 2014. In 2012, the Company benefited from an improved interest rate on certain long-term debt, effective November 2011, which reduced interest expense by $7 million from the
prior year.    In “Other”, the net benefit of interest income, equity method investment income and noncontrolling
interests in 2013 was $13 million, a decrease of $3 million from 2012. These items had increased to $16 million in 2012, up approximately $8 million from 2011. This increase reflects the Company’s equity income recorded in 2012 for its 30%
investment interest in GPC Asia Pacific.    Income Before Income Taxes  
 Income before income taxes was $1.0 billion in 2013, an increase of 2.5% from 2012. As a percentage of net sales, income before
income taxes was 7.4% in 2013 compared to 7.8% in 2012. In 2012, income before income taxes of $1.0 billion was up 14% from $891 million in 2011 and as a percentage of net sales was 7.8%, an increase from 7.1% in 2011.  
 Automotive Group    Automotive income before income taxes as a percentage of net sales, which we refer to as operating margin, was steady with the prior year at 8.6%. The changes in gross profit and operating costs as a
percentage of net sales, which related primarily to the acquisition of GPC Asia Pacific, were relatively neutral to operating profit during the year. Looking forward, Automotive’s initiatives to grow sales and control costs are intended to
improve its operating margin in the years ahead.    Automotive’s operating margin increased to 8.6% in 2012 from 7.7% in
2011. The improvement in operating margin for 2012 is attributed primarily to effective cost controls and cost reductions implemented during the year. A slight increase in gross margin also positively impacted the operating margin.  
 Industrial Group    Industrial’s operating margin decreased to 7.2% in 2013 from 7.9% in 2012. The decrease in operating margin in 2013 is due to the combination of reduced expense leverage associated with the slight
decrease in sales relative to the prior year and the decline in volume incentives for the year. These items were partially offset by effective cost control measures. Industrial has made several recent acquisitions which will positively impact this
segment and will continue to focus on its many sales initiatives and cost controls to further improve its operating margin in the years ahead.    Industrial’s operating margin decreased to 7.9% in 2012 from 8.1% in 2011. The decrease in operating margin in 2012 is due to the combination of reduced expense leverage associated with slower sales
growth relative to the prior year and the decline in volume incentives for the year. These items were partially offset by effective cost control measures.    Office Group    Office’s operating margin decreased to 7.5% in 2013 from
8.0% in 2012, primarily related to the reduced expense leverage associated with the decrease in sales for this segment relative to 2012. Previously, the operating margin at Office was relatively steady over the last few years, at 8.0% in 2012 and
7.9% in 2011. In each of these  
      20  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
periods, the cost savings measures in the Office segment were somewhat offset by the ongoing gross margin pressures associated with the slow demand for office products across the industry. Office
will continue to focus on its sales initiatives and cost controls to further improve its operating margin in the years ahead.  
 Electrical/Electronic Group    Electrical/Electronic’s operating margin decreased to 8.4% in 2013 from 8.7% in 2012. The slight decline in operating margin is primarily due loss of expense leverage associated with the sales
decrease for this segment in 2013 relative to 2012. Electrical/Electronic will continue to focus on its sales initiatives and cost controls to improve its operating margin in the years ahead.  
 Electrical/Electronic’s operating margin increased to 8.7% in 2012 from 7.3% in 2011. The increase in operating margin in 2012 is
primarily due to the positive impact of effective cost management as well as an improved gross margin. The improvement in gross margin reflects several factors, including higher margin business associated with recent acquisitions, and the decrease
in copper prices during the year, which generally do not affect profit dollars, but positively impact margins, as the standard industry practice is to bill copper to the customer at cost.  
 Income Taxes    The effective income tax rate of 34.4% in 2013 was down from 36.4% in 2012. The decrease reflects the favorable impact of a lower Australian tax rate applied to the pre-tax earnings of GPC Asia Pacific,
as well as the favorable tax rate applied to the one-time acquisition gain recorded in the second quarter of 2013. The income tax rate of 36.4% in 2012 was down slightly from 36.6% in 2011, primarily due to the favorable impact of a retirement asset
valuation adjustment in 2012 relative to 2011.    Net Income  
 Net income was $685 million in 2013, an increase of 6% from $648 million in 2012. On a per share diluted basis, net income was
$4.40 in 2013 compared to $4.14 in 2012, up 6%. Net income in 2013 was 4.9% of net sales compared to 5.0% of net sales in 2012.  
 In connection with the acquisition of GPC Asia Pacific, the Company recorded one-time positive purchase accounting adjustments of $33
million or $0.21 per diluted share in 2013.    Net income was $648 million in 2012, an increase of 15% from
$565 million in 2011. On a per share diluted basis, net income was $4.14 in 2012 compared to $3.58 in 2011, up 16%. Net income in 2012 was 5.0% of net sales compared to 4.5% of net sales in 2011.  
 In December 2012, the Company’s U.S. Defined Benefit Plan was amended to reflect a hard freeze as of December 31, 2013. The
Company recorded a one-time noncash curtailment gain of $23.5 million or $0.10 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2012 in connection with this amendment.    FINANCIAL CONDITION     Our cash balance of $197 million at
December 31, 2013 reflects a decrease of 51% compared to our cash balance of $403 million at December 31, 2012. In 2013, record levels of cash from operations provided by the increase in net income and ongoing working capital management
was offset by approximately $712 million used for the acquisition of businesses and other investing activities. The Company’s accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2013 increased by approximately 12% from the prior year, which is
less than the Company’s 13% sales increase for the fourth quarter of 2013. Inventory at December 31, 2013 was up by approximately 13% from December 31, 2012, which is primarily attributable to acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions,
inventory was up by approximately 1% from the prior year. Accounts payable increased $588 million or approximately 35% from December 31, 2012 due primarily to improved payment terms with certain suppliers and the impact of the GPC Asia
Pacific acquisition. Goodwill and other intangible assets increased by $492 million and $300, respectively, from December 31, 2012 due to the Company’s acquisitions during the year, primarily GPC Asia Pacific. The change in our
December 31, 2013 balances for deferred tax assets, down $182 million, and pension  
      21  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
and other post-retirement benefits liabilities, down $433 million, from December 31, 2012, is primarily due to a change in funded status of the Company’s pension plans in 2013.
Finally, the change in our December 31, 2013 balance for other assets, down $241 million or 38%, is primarily due to the purchase of the remaining 70% interest in GPC Asia Pacific in 2013. Previously, the Company accounted for the 30%
investment under the equity method of accounting, which was included in other assets in 2012.    LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
   The Company’s sources of capital consist primarily of cash flows from operations, supplemented as necessary by
private issuances of debt and bank borrowings. We have $765 million of total debt outstanding at December 31, 2013, of which $250 million matures in November 2016 and $250 million matures in December 2023. In addition, the
Company entered into a Syndicated Facility Agreement (the “Syndicated Facility”) for $850 million in September 2012, which replaced the $350 million unsecured revolving line of credit that was scheduled to mature in December 2012.
$265 million was outstanding under the Syndicated Facility or line of credit at December 31, 2013 and no amount was outstanding at December 31, 2012. Currently, we believe that our cash on hand and available short-term and long-term
sources of capital are sufficient to fund the Company’s operations, including working capital requirements, scheduled debt payments, interest payments, capital expenditures, benefit plan contributions, income tax obligations, dividends, share
repurchases and contemplated acquisitions.    The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 1.6 to 1 at
December 31, 2013 and this compares to 1.9 to 1 at December 31, 2012. Our liquidity position remains solid. The Company’s total debt outstanding at December 31, 2013 is up $265 million or 53% from December 31, 2012 and
primarily relates to the incremental borrowings utilized for the GPC Asia Pacific acquisition.    Sources and Uses of
Net Cash    A summary of the Company’s consolidated statements of cash flows is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
   
 Percent Change 
   
 
   Net Cash Provided by (Used in): 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2013 vs. 2012 
   
   
 2012 vs. 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Operating Activities 
    
 $ 
 1,056,731 
    
   
 $ 
 906,438 
    
   
 $ 
 624,927 
    
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 45 
 %  
 
   Investing Activities 
    
   
 (825,579 
 )  
   
   
 (651,867 
 )  
   
   
 (231,497 
 )  
   
   
 27 
 %  
   
   
 182 
 %  
 
   Financing Activities 
    
   
 (425,117 
 )  
   
   
 (378,834 
 )  
   
   
 (394,140 
 )  
   
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 (4 
 )%  
   Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities:  
 The Company continues to generate cash and in 2013 net cash provided by operating activities totaled $1.1 billion. This reflects a 17%
increase from 2012 as, collectively, trade accounts receivable, merchandise inventories and trade accounts payable net to a $278 million source of cash in 2013 compared to a $208 million source of cash in 2012. Additionally, net income and
depreciation and amortization in 2013 increased by $37 million and $36 million, respectively, from 2012. Net cash provided by operating activities was $906 million in 2012, a 45% increase from 2011, as, collectively, trade accounts receivable,
merchandise inventories and trade accounts payable represented a $208 million source of cash in 2012 compared to a $19 million use of cash in 2011. Additionally, net income in 2012 increased by $83 million.  
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities:    Net cash flow used in investing activities was $826 million in 2013 compared to $652 million in 2012, an increase of 27%. Cash used for acquisitions of businesses and other investing activities
in 2013 was $712 million, as previously discussed, or $154 million greater than in 2012. Capital expenditures of $124 million in 2013 increased by $22 million or 22% from 2012, but were within our estimate of $115 to $135 million, and we estimate
that cash used for capital expenditures in 2014 will be approximately $140 to $160 million. Net cash flow used in investing activities was $652 million in 2012 compared to $231 million in 2011, an increase of 182%.
 
      22  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
Cash used for acquisitions of businesses and other investing activities in 2012 was $558 million, as previously discussed, or $421 million greater than in 2011. Capital expenditures of $102
million in 2012 were relatively consistent with 2011.    Net Cash Used in Financing Activities:  
 The Company used $425 million of cash in financing activities in 2013, up 12% from the $379 million used in financing activities
in 2012. Cash used in financing activities in 2012 was down $15 million or 4% from the $394 million used in 2011. For the three years presented, net cash used in financing activities was primarily for dividends paid to shareholders and repurchases
of the Company’s common stock. The Company paid dividends to shareholders of $326 million, $301 million and $276 million during 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Company expects this trend of increasing dividends to continue
in the foreseeable future. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company repurchased $121 million, $82 million and $122 million, respectively, of the Company’s common stock. We expect to remain active in our share repurchase program,
but the amount and value of shares repurchased will vary.    Notes and Other Borrowings  
 The Company maintains an $850 million unsecured revolving line of credit with a consortium of financial institutions, which matures
in September 2017 and bears interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which is based on the Company’s leverage ratio (0.92% at December 31, 2013). The Company also has the option under this agreement to increase its borrowing an additional $350
million, as well as an option to decrease the borrowing capacity or terminate the Syndicated Facility with appropriate notice. At December 31, 2013, approximately $265 million was outstanding under this line of credit. No amounts were
outstanding under this line of credit at December 31, 2012. Due to the workers’ compensation and insurance reserve requirements in certain states, the Company also had unused letters of credit of approximately $62 million and $61
million outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    At December 31, 2013, the Company had unsecured
Senior Notes outstanding under financing arrangements as follows: $250 million series D and E senior unsecured notes, 3.35% fixed, due 2016; and $250 million series F senior unsecured notes, 2.99% fixed, due 2023. These borrowings contain
covenants related to a maximum debt-to-capitalization ratio and certain limitations on additional borrowings. At December 31, 2013, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The weighted average interest rate on the Company’s
total outstanding borrowings was approximately 2.82% at December 31, 2013 and 4.01% at December 31, 2012. Total interest expense, net of interest income, for all borrowings was $24.3 million, $19.6 million and $24.6 million
in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.    Contractual and Other Obligations  
 The following table shows the Company’s approximate obligations and commitments, including interest due on credit facilities, to make
future payments under specified contractual obligations as of December 31, 2013:    Contractual
Obligations       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payment Due by Period 
   
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less Than 1 Year 
   
    
 1-3 Years 
   
    
 3-5 Years 
   
    
 Over 5 Years 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Credit facilities 
    
 $ 
 863,212 
    
    
 $ 
 280,508 
    
    
 $ 
 281,002 
    
    
 $ 
 14,950 
    
    
 $ 
 286,752 
    
 
   Operating leases 
    
   
 728,600 
    
    
   
 191,400 
    
    
   
 261,300 
    
    
   
 126,400 
    
    
   
 149,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total contractual cash obligations 
    
 $ 
 1,591,812 
    
    
 $ 
 471,908 
    
    
 $ 
 542,302 
    
    
 $ 
 141,350 
    
    
 $ 
 436,252 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with the Company’s unrecognized
tax benefits at December 31, 2013, the Company is unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of  
      23  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. Therefore, $60 million of unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. Refer to
Note 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on income taxes.    Purchase orders or contracts for the
purchase of inventory and other goods and services are not included in our estimates. We are not able to determine the aggregate amount of such purchase orders that represent contractual obligations, as purchase orders may represent authorizations
to purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are based on our current distribution needs and are fulfilled by our vendors within short time horizons. The Company does not have significant agreements for the purchase of inventory
or other goods specifying minimum quantities or set prices that exceed our expected requirements.    The Company guarantees the
borrowings of certain independently owned automotive parts stores (independents) and certain other affiliates in which the Company has a noncontrolling equity ownership interest (affiliates). The Company’s maximum exposure to loss as a result
of its involvement with these independents and affiliates is generally equal to the total borrowings subject to the Company’s guarantee. To date, the Company has had no significant losses in connection with guarantees of independents’ and
affiliates’ borrowings. The following table shows the Company’s approximate commercial commitments as of December 31, 2013:    Other Commercial Commitments      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Total 
Amounts Committed 
   
    
 Amount of Commitment Expiration per Period 
   
 
   
    
    
 Less Than 1 
Year 
   
    
 1-3 Years 
   
    
 3-5 Years 
   
    
 Over 5 Years 

   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Line of credit 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Standby letters of credit 
    
   
 61,617 
    
    
   
 61,617 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Guaranteed borrowings of independents and affiliates 
    
   
 258,703 
    
    
   
 92,190 
    
    
   
 165,251 
    
    
   
 1,262 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total commercial commitments 
    
 $ 
 320,320 
    
    
 $ 
 153,807 
    
    
 $ 
 165,251 
    
    
 $ 
 1,262 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In addition, the Company sponsors defined benefit pension plans that may obligate us to make contributions
to the plans from time to time. Contributions in 2013 were $74 million. We expect to make a $51 million cash contribution to our qualified defined benefit plans in 2014, and contributions required for 2014 and future years will depend on a
number of unpredictable factors including the market performance of the plans’ assets and future changes in interest rates that affect the actuarial measurement of the plans’ obligations.  
 Share Repurchases    In 2013, the Company repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares and the Company had remaining authority to purchase approximately 10.7 million shares at December 31, 2013.  
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES      General    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.    We
describe in this section certain critical accounting policies that require us to make significant estimates, assumptions and judgments. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to
 
      24  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
be made based on assumptions about matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting
estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. Management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect its most significant estimates and assumptions used in
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. For further information on the critical accounting policies, see Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Inventories — Provisions for Slow Moving and Obsolescence  
 The Company identifies slow moving or obsolete inventories and estimates appropriate loss provisions related thereto. Historically, these
loss provisions have not been significant as the vast majority of the Company’s inventories are not highly susceptible to obsolescence and are eligible for return under various vendor return programs. While the Company has no reason to believe
its inventory return privileges will be discontinued in the future, its risk of loss associated with obsolete or slow moving inventories would increase if such were to occur.    Allowance for Doubtful Accounts — Methodology    The Company
evaluates the collectability of accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. The Company estimates an allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of net sales based on historical bad debt experience and periodically adjusts this
estimate when the Company becomes aware of a specific customer’s inability to meet its financial obligations (e.g., bankruptcy filing) or as a result of changes in the overall aging of accounts receivable. While the Company has a large customer
base that is geographically dispersed, a general economic downturn in any of the industry segments in which the Company operates could result in higher than expected defaults and, therefore, the need to revise estimates for bad debts. For the years
ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company recorded provisions for doubtful accounts of $8.7 million, $8.0 million, and $13.2 million, respectively.  
 Consideration Received from Vendors    The Company enters into agreements at the beginning of each year with many of its vendors that provide for inventory purchase incentives. Generally, the Company earns inventory purchase incentives upon
achieving specified volume purchasing levels or other criteria. The Company accrues for the receipt of these incentives as part of its inventory cost based on cumulative purchases of inventory to date and projected inventory purchases through the
end of the year. While management believes the Company will continue to receive consideration from vendors in 2014 and beyond, there can be no assurance that vendors will continue to provide comparable amounts of incentives in the future or that we
will be able to achieve the specified volumes necessary to take advantage of such incentives.    Impairment of Property,
Plant and Equipment and Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    At least annually, the Company evaluates property, plant
and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets for potential impairment indicators. The Company’s judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and operational performance, among other factors.
Future events could cause the Company to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that assets associated with a particular operation are impaired. Evaluating for impairment also requires the Company to estimate future operating results and cash
flows which require judgment by management. Any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.  
 Employee Benefit Plans    The Company’s benefit plan committees in the U.S. and Canada establish investment policies and strategies and regularly monitor the performance of the Company’s pension plan assets. The
pension plan investment strategy implemented by the Company’s management is to achieve long-term objectives and invest the pension assets in accordance with the applicable pension legislation in the U.S. and Canada, as well as fiduciary
standards. The long-term primary objectives for the pension plan funds are to provide for a reasonable amount of long-term growth of capital without undue exposure to risk, protect the assets from erosion of purchasing power and
pro- 
      25  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
vide investment results that meet or exceed the pension plan’s actuarially assumed long term rate of return. The Company’s investment strategy with respect to pension plan assets is to
generate a return in excess of the passive portfolio benchmark (49% S&P 500 Index, 5% Russell Mid Cap Index, 8% Russell 2000 Index, 5% MSCI EAFE Index, 5% DJ Global Moderate Index and 28% BarCap U.S. Govt/Credit).  
 We make several critical assumptions in determining our pension plan assets and liabilities and related pension expense. We believe the
most critical of these assumptions are the expected rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate. Other assumptions we make relate to employee demographic factors such as rate of compensation increases, mortality rates, retirement patterns
and turnover rates.    Based on the investment policy for the pension plans, as well as an asset study that was performed based
on the Company’s asset allocations and future expectations, the Company’s expected rate of return on plan assets for measuring 2014 pension expense or income is 7.85% for the plans. The asset study forecasted expected rates of return for
the approximate duration of the Company’s benefit obligations, using capital market data and historical relationships.  
 The discount rate is chosen as the rate at which pension obligations could be effectively settled and is based on capital market
conditions as of the measurement date. We have matched the timing and duration of the expected cash flows of our pension obligations to a yield curve generated from a broad portfolio of high-quality fixed income debt instruments to select our
discount rate. Based upon this cash flow matching analysis, we selected a weighted average discount rate for the plans of 5.10% at December 31, 2013.    Net periodic benefit cost for our defined benefit pension plans was $51.1 million, $26.8 million and $32.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
The increase in pension cost in 2013 from 2012 was primarily due to the curtailment gain recorded in connection with the 2012 amendment to the U.S. defined benefit pension plan. Such curtailment gain, net of the change in assumptions for the rate of
return on plan assets and discount rate, also accounts for the decrease in pension cost in 2012 from 2011. The 2012 amendment and related curtailment decreased benefit costs in 2012 and are discussed further below. Refer to Note 7 of the
Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding employee benefit plans.    In December 2012, the Company’s
U.S. defined benefit plan was amended to reflect a hard freeze as of December 31, 2013. No further benefits were provided after this date for additional credited service or earnings and all participants became fully vested as of
December 31, 2013. The Company recorded a $23.5 million non-cash curtailment gain in December 2012 in connection with this amendment.  
 QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    The following is a summary of the quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 31, 
   
    
 June 30, 
   
    
 Sept. 30, 
   
    
 Dec. 31, 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands except per share data) 
   


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Sales 
    
 $ 
 3,198,802 
    
    
 $ 
 3,675,997 
    
    
 $ 
 3,685,243 
    
    
 $ 
 3,517,801 
    
 
   Gross Profit 
    
   
 921,748 
    
    
   
 1,105,108 
    
    
   
 1,100,923 
    
    
   
 1,092,141 
    
 
   Net Income 
    
   
 144,389 
    
    
   
 216,357 
    
    
   
 173,746 
    
    
   
 150,467 
    
 
   Earnings Per Share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 .93 
    
    
   
 1.40 
    
    
   
 1.12 
    
    
   
 .98 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 .93 
    
    
   
 1.39 
    
    
   
 1.12 
    
    
   
 .97 
    
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Sales 
    
 $ 
 3,181,288 
    
    
 $ 
 3,337,836 
    
    
 $ 
 3,375,778 
    
    
 $ 
 3,118,966 
    
 
   Gross Profit 
    
   
 919,111 
    
    
   
 972,286 
    
    
   
 976,036 
    
    
   
 910,658 
    
 
   Net Income 
    
   
 146,255 
    
    
   
 168,618 
    
    
   
 172,943 
    
    
   
 160,225 
    
 
   Earnings Per Share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 .94 
    
    
   
 1.08 
    
    
   
 1.11 
    
    
   
 1.03 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 .93 
    
    
   
 1.08 
    
    
   
 1.11 
    
    
   
 1.03 
    
 
      26  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  We recorded the quarterly earnings per share amounts as if each quarter was a discrete
period. As a result, the sum of the basic and diluted earnings per share will not necessarily total the annual basic and diluted earnings per share.    The preparation of interim consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions for the amounts reported in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.
Specifically, the Company makes estimates and assumptions in its interim consolidated financial statements for the accrual of bad debts, inventory adjustments (including adjustments for a majority of inventories that are valued under the last-in,
first-out (“LIFO”) method), customer sales returns, and volume incentives earned, among others. Bad debts are accrued based on a percentage of sales, and volume incentives are estimated based upon cumulative and projected purchasing
levels. Inventory adjustments are accrued on an interim basis and adjusted in the fourth quarter based on the annual book-to-physical inventory adjustment and LIFO valuation. The methodology and practices used in deriving estimates and assumptions
for interim reporting typically result in adjustments upon accurate determination at year-end. The effect of these adjustments in 2013 and 2012 was not significant.      
 
 
 ITEM 7A . 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK .   
 Although the Company does not face material risks related to interest rates and commodity prices, the Company is exposed to changes in
foreign currency rates with respect to foreign currency denominated operating revenues and expenses.    Foreign Currency
   The Company has translation gains or losses that result from translation of the results of operations of an operating
unit’s foreign functional currency into U.S. dollars for consolidated financial statement purposes. The Company’s principal foreign currency exchange exposure is the Canadian dollar, the functional currency of our Canadian operations,
and the Australian dollar, the functional currency of our Australasian operations. Foreign currency exchange exposure, particularly in regard to the Canadian and Australian dollar and, to a lesser extent, the Mexican peso, negatively impacted our
results for the year ended December 31, 2013.    During 2013 and 2012, it was estimated that a 10% shift in exchange rates
between those foreign functional currencies and the U.S. dollar would have impacted translated net sales by approximately $255 million and $176 million, respectively.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 8 . 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA .     The information required by this Item 8 is set forth in a separate section of this report. See “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules” beginning on
page F-1.      
 
 
 ITEM 9 . 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE .   
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A . 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES .     Management’s conclusion regarding the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures    As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer
(CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in SEC Rule 13a-15(e). Based on that evaluation, the Company’s management, including the CEO
and CFO, concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company’s reports
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the
Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
      27  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting  
 A report of management’s assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in SEC
Rule 13a-15(f), as of December 31, 2013 is set forth in a separate section of this report. See “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules” beginning on page F-1.  
 The attestation report called for by Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the “Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting”, which is set forth in a separate section of this report. See “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules”
beginning on page F-1.    Changes in internal control over financial reporting  
 There have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the Company’s fourth fiscal quarter
ended December 31, 2013 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 9B . 
 OTHER INFORMATION .     None.  
      28  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  PART III .  
   
 
 
 ITEM 10 . 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE .     EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY .    Executive officers of the
Company are elected by the Board of Directors and each serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors until his successor has been elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation, removal, retirement or disqualification. The current
executive officers of the Company are:    Thomas C. Gallagher,  age 66, has been Chief Executive
Officer since August 2004 and Chairman of the Board since February 2005. Mr. Gallagher served as President of the Company from 1990 until January 2012 and Chief Operating Officer of the Company from 1990 until August 2004.  
 Paul D. Donahue , age 57, has been a director of the Company since April 2012, was appointed President of the
Company in January 2012, and has served as President of the Company’s U.S. Automotive Parts Group since July 2009. Mr. Donahue served as Executive Vice President of the Company from August 2007 until his appointment as President in 2012.
Previously, Mr. Donahue was President and Chief Operating Officer of S.P. Richards Company from 2004 to 2007 and was Executive Vice President-Sales and Marketing in 2003, the year he joined the Company.  
 Carol B. Yancey , age 50, was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate
Secretary of the Company in March 2013. Ms. Yancey was Senior Vice President — Finance and Corporate Secretary from 2005 until her appointment as Executive Vice President — Finance in November 2012. Previously, Ms. Yancey was
named Vice President of the Company in 1999 and Corporate Secretary in 1995.    R. Bruce Clayton ,
age 67, has been the Senior Vice President-Human Resources at the Company since November 2004. Previously, Mr. Clayton held the position of Vice President-Risk Management and Employee Services from June 2000 to November 2004.  
 William J. Stevens , age 65, has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of Motion Industries since
1997. Previously, Mr. Stevens was President and Chief Operating Officer from 1994 to 1997. In 1993, Mr. Stevens served as Executive Vice President.    Further information required by this item is set forth under the heading “Nominees for Director”, under the heading “Corporate Governance — Code of Conduct and Ethics”, under
the heading “Corporate Governance — Board Committees — Audit Committee”, under the heading “Corporate Governance — Director Nominating Process” and under the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance” of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 11 . 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION .     Information required by this item is set forth under the headings “Executive Compensation”, “Additional Information Regarding Executive Compensation”, “2013 Grants of Plan-Based
Awards”, “2013 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End”, “2013 Option Exercises and Stock Vested”, “2013 Pension Benefits”, “2013 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation”, “Post Termination Payments
and Benefits”, “Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee Report”, “Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” and “Compensation of Directors” of the Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 12 . 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS .   
 Certain information required by this item is set forth below. Additional information required by this item is set forth under the headings
“Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners” and “Security Ownership of Management” of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.  
      29  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Equity Compensation Plan Information  
 The following table gives information as of December 31, 2013 about the common stock that may be issued under all of the
Company’s existing equity compensation plans:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Plan Category 
    
 (a) Number of Securities 
to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights(1) 
   
   
 (b) Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and
Rights 
   
    
 (c) Number of 
Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 
   


 
   Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Shareholders: 
    
   
 359,200 
 (2)  
   
 $ 
 43.82 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
   
 4,220,518 
 (3)  
   
 $ 
 56.96 
    
    
   
 2,743,421 
 (5)  
 
   Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders: 
    
   
 74,905 
 (4)  
   
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 925,095 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 4,654,623 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 3,668,516 
    
         
 
 
 (1) 
 Reflects the maximum number of shares issuable pursuant to the exercise or conversion of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and common
stock equivalents. The actual number of shares issued upon exercise of stock appreciation rights is calculated based on the excess of fair market value of our common stock on date of exercise and the grant price of the stock appreciation rights.
     
 
 
 (2) 
 Genuine Parts Company 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended      
 
 
 (3) 
 Genuine Parts Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan      
 
 
 (4) 
 Genuine Parts Company Director’s Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended  
   
 
 
 (5) 
 All of these shares are available for issuance pursuant to grants of full-value stock awards.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 13 . 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE .    
 Information required by this item is set forth under the headings “Corporate Governance — Independent Directors” and
“Transactions with Related Persons” of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 ITEM 14 . 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES .     Information required by this item is set forth under the heading “Proposal 3. Ratification of Selection of Independent Auditors” of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
reference.  
      30  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  PART IV .  
   
 
 
 ITEM 15 . 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES .     (a)  Documents filed as part of this report    (1)  Financial
Statements    The following consolidated financial statements of Genuine Parts Company and subsidiaries are included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. See, also, the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on Page F-1.    Report of
independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting    Report of independent registered
public accounting firm on the financial statements    Consolidated balance sheets — December 31, 2013 and 2012
   Consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income — Years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011
   Consolidated statements of equity — Years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011  
 Consolidated statements of cash flows — Years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011  
 Notes to consolidated financial statements — December 31, 2013  
 (2)  Financial Statement Schedules    The following consolidated financial statement schedule of Genuine Parts Company and subsidiaries, set forth immediately following the consolidated financials statements of Genuine Parts Company and
Subsidiaries, is filed pursuant to Item 15(c):    Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted.    (3)  Exhibits.
   The following exhibits are filed as part of or incorporated by reference in this report. Exhibits that are incorporated by
reference to documents filed previously by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under File No. 1-5690. The Company will furnish a copy of any exhibit upon
request to the Company’s Corporate Secretary.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended April 23, 2007. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K,
dated April 23, 2007.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 
    
 By-Laws of the Company, as amended and restated November 18, 2013. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 18,
2013.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 4.2 
    
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 33-63874.) 
   Instruments with respect to long-term debt where the total amount of securities authorized there under
does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis have not been filed. The Registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission a copy of each such instrument upon request.  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.1* 
    
 The Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, effective January 1, 1993. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated
March 3, 1995.) 
      31  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 10.2* 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated June 1, 1996, effective June 1, 1996. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K, dated March 7, 2005.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.3* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Death Benefit Plan, effective July 15, 1997. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 10,
1998.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.4* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated April 19, 1999, effective April 19, 1999. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s
Annual Report on Form10-K, dated March 10, 2000.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.5* 
    
 The Genuine Parts Company Original Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of August 19, 1996. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report
on Form 10-K, dated March 8, 2004.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.6* 
    
 Amendment to the Genuine Parts Company Original Deferred Compensation Plan, dated April 19, 1999, effective April 19, 1999. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 10, 2000.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.7* 
    
 Amendment No. 3 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated November 28, 2001, effective July 1, 2001. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 7, 2002.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.8* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of November 19, 2001. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K, dated March 21, 2003.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.9* 
    
 Amendment No. 4 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated June 5, 2003, effective June 5, 2003. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K, dated March 8, 2004.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.10* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2003, and executed November 11, 2003. (Incorporated herein by
reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 8, 2004.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.11* 
    
 Amendment No. 5 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated December 28, 2005, effective January 1, 2006. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated March 3, 2006.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.12* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company Death Benefit Plan, dated November 9, 2005, effective April 1, 2005. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K, dated March 3, 2006.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.13* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective April 17, 2006. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 18,
2006.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.14* 
    
 Amendment to the Genuine Parts Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated November 20, 2006, effective November 20, 2006. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 28, 2007.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.15* 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Genuine Parts Company Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, dated November 19, 2007, effective January 1, 2008. (Incorporated herein by reference from
the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 29, 2008.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.16* 
    
 Amendment No. 6 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated November 28, 2007, effective January 1, 2008. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 29, 2008.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.17* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated November 19, 2007, effective November 19, 2007. (Incorporated herein by reference from the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 29, 2008.) 
      32  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 10.18* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 29,
2008.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.19* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 29,
2008.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.20* 
    
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 29,
2008.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.21* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K, dated February 27, 2009.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.22* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company 2009 Annual Incentive Bonus Plan, dated March 31, 2009, effective January 1, 2009. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q dated May 7, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.23* 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Genuine Parts Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009, dated August 16, 2010, effective August 16, 2010.
(Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 25, 2011.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.24* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009, dated November 16, 2010, effective January 1, 2011.
(Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 25, 2011.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.25* 
    
 Amendment No. 7 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated November 16, 2010, effective January 1, 2011. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 25, 2011.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.26* 
    
 Description of Director Compensation. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, dated August 4, 2011.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.27* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company Director’s Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 7, 2012, effective December 7, 2012. (Incorporated herein by reference from
the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 26, 2013.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.28* 
    
 Amendment No. 8 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated December 7, 2012, effective December 7, 2012. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 26, 2013.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.29* 
    
 Amendment No. 3 to the Genuine Parts Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009, dated December 7, 2012, effective
December 31, 2013. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 26, 2013.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.30* 
    
 Form of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 26,
2013.) 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 10.31* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement. (Incorporated herein by reference from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 26,
2013.) 
     
 
 
 * 
 Indicates management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Exhibit 21 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 Exhibit 23 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 
    
 Certification signed by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 
    
 Certification signed by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a). 
      33  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 32.1 
    
 Statement of Chief Executive Officer of Genuine Parts Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished
herewith). 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 
    
 Statement of Chief Financial Officer of Genuine Parts Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished
herewith). 
 
 Exhibit 101 
    
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: 
 
 
    
 (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; (v) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, tagged as blocks of text; and (vi) Financial Statement Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 
   (b)  Exhibits    See the response to Item 15(a)(3) above.    (c)  Financial Statement
Schedules    See the response to Item 15(a)(2) above.  
      34  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  SIGNATURES .  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    GENUINE PARTS COMPANY  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 /s/ Thomas C. Gallagher 
   
   
 2/27/14 
    
   
 
   
 /s/ Carol B. Yancey 
   
   
 2/27/14 
    
 
 Thomas C. Gallagher 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
   
 
   
 Carol B. Yancey 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
    
   
 
   
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 
     
 
      35  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 /s/    Dr. Mary B. Bullock 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
   
 
   
 /s/    Paul D. Donahue 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
 
   Dr. Mary B. Bullock 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
   
 
   
 Paul D. Donahue 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
 
   Director 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Director 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    Jean Douville 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
   
 
   
 /s/    Thomas C. Gallagher 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
 
   Jean Douville 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
   
 
   
 Thomas C. Gallagher 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
 
   Director 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   Director   Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    George C. Guynn 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
   
 
   
 /s/    John R. Holder 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
 
   George C. Guynn 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
   
 
   
 John R. Holder 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
 
   Director 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Director 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    John D. Johns 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
   
 
   
 /s/    Michael M. E. Johns 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
 
   John D. Johns 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
   
 
   
 Michael M. E. Johns 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
 
   Director 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Director 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    Robert C. Loudermilk, Jr. 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
   
 
   
 /s/    Wendy B. Needham 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
 
   Robert C. Loudermilk, Jr. 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
   
 
   
 Wendy B. Needham 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
 
   Director 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Director 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/    Jerry W. Nix 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
   
 
   
 /s/    Gary W. Rollins 
   
   
 2/17/14 
    
 
   Jerry W. Nix 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
   
 
   
 Gary W. Rollins 
   
   
 (Date) 
    
 
   Director 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 Director 
   
 
 
 
 
      36  



 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K  
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND  
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
   
 F-2 
    
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 
    
   
 F-3 
    
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statements and
Schedule 
    
   
 F-4 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 F-5 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 
31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
    
   
 F-6 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 F-7 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and
2011 
    
   
 F-8 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 F-9 
    
 
   Financial Statement Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
    
   
 S-1 
    
 
      F-1
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Report of Management  
 Genuine Parts Company  
 Management’s Responsibility for the Financial Statements    We have prepared the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related information included herein for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. The opinion of Ernst & Young
LLP, the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, on those consolidated financial statements is included herein. The primary responsibility for the integrity of the financial information included in this annual report rests with
management. Such information was prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances based on our best estimates and judgments and giving due consideration to materiality.  
 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    The management of Genuine Parts Company and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    The Company’s internal control system was designed to
provide reasonable assurance to the Company’s management and to the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of the Company’s published consolidated financial statements. The Company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:    i. pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;    ii. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and    iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.    All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company’s management did not include the internal
controls of GPC Asia Pacific, which was acquired on April 1, 2013, and is included in the Company’s 2013 consolidated balance sheet.    The Company’s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2013.    In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework.” Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2013, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective.
   Ernst & Young LLP has issued an audit report on the Company’s operating effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013. This report appears on page F-3.    Audit Committee Responsibility  
 The Audit Committee of Genuine Parts Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and monitoring the Company’s
financial reports and accounting practices to ascertain that they are within acceptable limits of sound practice in such matters. The membership of the Committee consists of non-employee Directors. At periodic meetings, the Audit Committee discusses
audit and financial reporting matters and the internal audit function with representatives of financial management and with representatives from Ernst & Young LLP.  
   
 


 
 


 
   /s/    Carol B. Yancey 
 
   CAROL B. YANCEY 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
   February 27, 2014  
      F-2
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting    The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 We have audited Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based
on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 Framework) (the COSO criteria). Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries’ management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting section of the accompanying Report of Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 As indicated in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management’s assessment of
and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of GPC Asia Pacific, which is included in the 2013 consolidated financial statements of Genuine Parts Company and constituted
approximately 16% of total assets and approximately 23% of net assets, as of December 31, 2013 and constituted 6% of revenues and less than 1% of net income for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of
Genuine Parts Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over the financial reporting of this entity.  
 In our opinion, Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the COSO criteria .     We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013 of Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries and our report dated February 27, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
   /s/    Ernst & Young LLP  
 Atlanta, Georgia    February 27, 2014
 
      F-3
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Financial
Statements    The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and
2012, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the
Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material
respects the information set forth therein.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 Framework) and our report dated February 27, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/    Ernst & Young LLP    Atlanta, Georgia    February 27, 2014  
      F-4
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31 
   
 
   
    
       2013       
   
   
       2012       
   
 
   
    
   (In Thousands, Except Share 
 Data and per Share Amounts) 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 196,893 
    
   
 $ 
 403,095 
    
 
   Trade accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 1,664,819 
    
   
   
 1,490,028 
    
 
   Merchandise inventories, net 
    
   
 2,946,021 
    
   
   
 2,602,560 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 413,758 
    
   
   
 324,448 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 5,221,491 
    
   
   
 4,820,131 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 789,971 
    
   
   
 298,040 
    
 
   Other intangible assets, less accumulated amortization 
    
   
 499,385 
    
   
   
 199,799 
    
 
   Deferred tax assets 
    
   
 97,555 
    
   
   
 279,463 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 401,834 
    
   
   
 643,263 
    
 
   Property, plant, and equipment: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Land 
    
   
 87,658 
    
   
   
 88,710 
    
 
   Buildings, less accumulated depreciation (2013 — $251,541; 2012 — $237,504) 
    
   
 281,408 
    
   
   
 266,694 
    
 
   Machinery and equipment, less accumulated depreciation (2013 — $555,895; 2012 — $522,136) 
    
   
 300,995 
    
   
   
 210,961 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net property, plant, and equipment 
    
   
 670,061 
    
   
   
 566,365 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 7,680,297 
    
   
 $ 
 6,807,061 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities and equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Trade accounts payable 
    
 $ 
 2,269,671 
    
   
 $ 
 1,681,900 
    
 
   Current portion of debt 
    
   
 264,658 
    
   
   
 250,000 
    
 
   Accrued compensation 
    
   
 145,052 
    
   
   
 115,348 
    
 
   Other accrued expenses 
    
   
 411,680 
    
   
   
 359,395 
    
 
   Dividends payable 
    
   
 82,746 
    
   
   
 76,641 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 9,237 
    
   
   
 4,354 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 3,183,044 
    
   
   
 2,487,638 
    
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 500,000 
    
   
   
 250,000 
    
 
   Pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities 
    
   
 140,171 
    
   
   
 572,988 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 83,316 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
    
   
 414,998 
    
   
   
 488,256 
    
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, par value $1 per share — authorized 10,000,000 shares; none issued 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Common stock, par value $1 per share — authorized 450,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 153,773,098 in 2013 and
154,841,438 shares in 2012 
    
   
 153,773 
    
   
   
 154,841 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 14,935 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (397,655 
 )  
   
   
 (501,492 
 )  
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 3,578,021 
    
   
   
 3,344,538 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total parent equity 
    
   
 3,349,074 
    
   
   
 2,997,887 
    
 
   Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 
    
   
 9,694 
    
   
   
 10,292 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total equity 
    
   
 3,358,768 
    
   
   
 3,008,179 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 7,680,297 
    
   
 $ 
 6,807,061 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      F-5
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands, Except per Share Amounts) 
   


 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 14,077,843 
    
   
 $ 
 13,013,868 
    
   
 $ 
 12,458,877 
    
 
   Cost of goods sold 
    
   
 9,857,923 
    
   
   
 9,235,777 
    
   
   
 8,852,837 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 4,219,920 
    
   
   
 3,778,091 
    
   
   
 3,606,040 
    
 
   Operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Selling, administrative, and other expenses 
    
   
 3,019,036 
    
   
   
 2,648,430 
    
   
   
 2,594,372 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 133,957 
    
   
   
 98,383 
    
   
   
 88,936 
    
 
   Provision for doubtful accounts 
    
   
 8,691 
    
   
   
 8,047 
    
   
   
 13,248 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 3,161,684 
    
   
   
 2,754,860 
    
   
   
 2,696,556 
    
 
   Non-operating expenses (income): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 26,971 
    
   
   
 20,482 
    
   
   
 27,036 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (13,039 
 )  
   
   
 (16,183 
 )  
   
   
 (8,358 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total non-operating expenses 
    
   
 13,932 
    
   
   
 4,299 
    
   
   
 18,678 
    
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 1,044,304 
    
   
   
 1,018,932 
    
   
   
 890,806 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 359,345 
    
   
   
 370,891 
    
   
   
 325,690 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 684,959 
    
   
 $ 
 648,041 
    
   
 $ 
 565,116 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Basic net income per common share 
    
 $ 
 4.43 
    
   
 $ 
 4.17 
    
   
 $ 
 3.61 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted net income per common share 
    
 $ 
 4.40 
    
   
 $ 
 4.14 
    
   
 $ 
 3.58 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding 
    
   
 154,636 
    
   
   
 155,413 
    
   
   
 156,656 
    
 
   Dilutive effect of stock options and nonvested restricted stock awards 
    
   
 1,078 
    
   
   
 1,007 
    
   
   
 1,004 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding — assuming dilution 
    
   
 155,714 
    
   
   
 156,420 
    
   
   
 157,660 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 684,959 
    
   
 $ 
 648,041 
    
   
 $ 
 565,116 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 (168,703 
 )  
   
   
 23,846 
    
   
   
 (22,017 
 )  
 
   Pension and postretirement benefit adjustments, net of income taxes of 2013 — ($175,297) ,
2012 — $26,465, and 2011 — $98,973 
    
   
 272,540 
    
   
   
 (43,300 
 )  
   
   
 (161,669 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
    
   
 103,837 
    
   
   
 (19,454 
 )  
   
   
 (183,686 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 788,796 
    
   
 $ 
 628,587 
    
   
 $ 
 381,430 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      F-6
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Statements of Equity  
  (In Thousands, Except Share and per Share Amounts)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-In 
 Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 

   
   
 Total Parent Equity 
   
   
 Non- controlling 
 Interests in Subsidiaries 
   
   
 Total Equity 

   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 2011 
   
   
 157,636,261 
    
   
 $ 
 157,636 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 (298,352 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,895,307 
    
   
 $ 
 2,754,591 
    
   
 $ 
 8,895 
    
   
 $ 
 2,763,486 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 565,116 
    
   
   
 565,116 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 565,116 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (183,686 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (183,686 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (183,686 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends declared, $1.80 per share 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (281,790 
 )  
   
   
 (281,790 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (281,790 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised, including tax benefit of $5,356 
   
   
 443,170 
    
   
   
 443 
    
   
   
 3,864 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4,307 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4,307 
    
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 7,547 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 7,547 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 7,547 
    
 
   Purchase of stock 
   
   
 (2,428,315 
 )  
   
   
 (2,428 
 )  
   
   
 (11,411 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (108,239 
 )  
   
   
 (122,078 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (122,078 
 )  
 
   Noncontrolling interest activities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 689 
    
   
   
 689 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 155,651,116 
    
   
   
 155,651 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (482,038 
 )  
   
   
 3,070,394 
    
   
   
 2,744,007 
    
   
   
 9,584 
    
   
   
 2,753,591 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 648,041 
    
   
   
 648,041 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 648,041 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (19,454 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (19,454 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (19,454 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends declared, $1.98 per share 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (307,603 
 )  
   
   
 (307,603 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (307,603 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised, including tax benefit of $11,018 
   
   
 551,779 
    
   
   
 552 
    
   
   
 3,423 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,975 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,975 
    
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10,747 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10,747 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10,747 
    
 
   Purchase of stock 
   
   
 (1,361,457 
 )  
   
   
 (1,362 
 )  
   
   
 (14,170 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (66,294 
 )  
   
   
 (81,826 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (81,826 
 )  
 
   Noncontrolling interest activities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 708 
    
   
   
 708 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 154,841,438 
    
   
   
 154,841 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (501,492 
 )  
   
   
 3,344,538 
    
   
   
 2,997,887 
    
   
   
 10,292 
    
   
   
 3,008,179 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 684,959 
    
   
   
 684,959 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 684,959 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 103,837 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 103,837 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 103,837 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared, $2.15 per share 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (332,322 
 )  
   
   
 (332,322 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (332,322 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised, including tax benefit of $12,905 
   
   
 449,986 
    
   
   
 450 
    
   
   
 2,287 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,737 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,737 
    
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 12,648 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 12,648 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 12,648 
    
 
   Purchase of stock 
   
   
 (1,518,326 
 )  
   
   
 (1,518 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (119,154 
 )  
   
   
 (120,672 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (120,672 
 )  
 
   Noncontrolling interest activities 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (598 
 )  
   
   
 (598 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 153,773,098 
    
   
 $ 
 153,773 
    
   
 $ 
 14,935 
    
   
 $ 
 (397,655 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,578,021 
    
   
 $ 
 3,349,074 
    
   
 $ 
 9,694 
    
   
 $ 
 3,358,768 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      F-7
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 684,959 
    
   
 $ 
 648,041 
    
   
 $ 
 565,116 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 133,957 
    
   
   
 98,383 
    
   
   
 88,936 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from share-based compensation 
    
   
 (12,905 
 )  
   
   
 (11,018 
 )  
   
   
 (5,356 
 )  
 
   Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment 
    
   
 (4,729 
 )  
   
   
 (3,943 
 )  
   
   
 (3,012 
 )  
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (21,622 
 )  
   
   
 14,751 
    
   
   
 (2,337 
 )  
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
   
 12,648 
    
   
   
 10,747 
    
   
   
 7,547 
    
 
   Gain on GPC Asia Pacific equity investment 
    
   
 (59,000 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Trade accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 (116,080 
 )  
   
   
 13,366 
    
   
   
 (85,011 
 )  
 
   Merchandise inventories, net 
    
   
 (79,253 
 )  
   
   
 (25,845 
 )  
   
   
 (19,624 
 )  
 
   Trade accounts payable 
    
   
 473,424 
    
   
   
 220,694 
    
   
   
 85,766 
    
 
   Other short-term assets and liabilities 
    
   
 (14,418 
 )  
   
   
 (86,294 
 )  
   
   
 (52,166 
 )  
 
   Other long-term assets and liabilites 
    
   
 59,750 
    
   
   
 27,556 
    
   
   
 45,068 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 371,772 
    
   
   
 258,397 
    
   
   
 59,811 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 1,056,731 
    
   
   
 906,438 
    
   
   
 624,927 
    
 
   Investing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (124,063 
 )  
   
   
 (101,987 
 )  
   
   
 (103,469 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment 
    
   
 10,657 
    
   
   
 8,504 
    
   
   
 8,908 
    
 
   Acquisition of businesses and other investing activities 
    
   
 (712,173 
 )  
   
   
 (558,384 
 )  
   
   
 (136,936 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (825,579 
 )  
   
   
 (651,867 
 )  
   
   
 (231,497 
 )  
 
   Financing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from debt 
    
   
 3,019,931 
    
   
   
 750,000 
    
   
   
 250,000 
    
 
   Payments on debt 
    
   
 (2,995,335 
 )  
   
   
 (750,000 
 )  
   
   
 (250,000 
 )  
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (15,728 
 )  
   
   
 (7,043 
 )  
   
   
 (1,049 
 )  
 
   Excess tax benefits from share-based compensation 
    
   
 12,905 
    
   
   
 11,018 
    
   
   
 5,356 
    
 
   Dividends paid 
    
   
 (326,217 
 )  
   
   
 (300,983 
 )  
   
   
 (276,369 
 )  
 
   Purchase of stock 
    
   
 (120,673 
 )  
   
   
 (81,826 
 )  
   
   
 (122,078 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (425,117 
 )  
   
   
 (378,834 
 )  
   
   
 (394,140 
 )  
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
    
   
 (12,237 
 )  
   
   
 2,304 
    
   
   
 (4,204 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (206,202 
 )  
   
   
 (121,959 
 )  
   
   
 (4,914 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 403,095 
    
   
   
 525,054 
    
   
   
 529,968 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 196,893 
    
   
 $ 
 403,095 
    
   
 $ 
 525,054 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the year for: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income taxes 
    
 $ 
 342,372 
    
   
 $ 
 381,407 
    
   
 $ 
 317,748 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Interest 
    
 $ 
 27,221 
    
   
 $ 
 20,416 
    
   
 $ 
 27,640 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See accompanying notes.  
      F-8
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   

 
 
 1. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
  Business    Genuine Parts Company and all of its majority-owned subsidiaries (the Company) is a distributor of automotive replacement parts, industrial replacement parts, office products, and
electrical/electronic materials. The Company serves a diverse customer base through approximately 2,600 locations in North America and Australasia and, therefore, has limited exposure from credit losses to any particular customer, region, or
industry segment. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers’ financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were
issued.    Principles of Consolidation    The consolidated financial statements include all of the accounts of the Company. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is not material to the Company’s consolidated net income.
Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.    Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from those estimates and the differences could be material.  
 Revenue Recognition    The Company records revenue when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the Company’s price to the customer is fixed and determinable and
collectability is reasonably assured. Delivery is not considered to have occurred until the customer assumes the risks and rewards of ownership.    Foreign Currency Translation    The consolidated balance sheets and
statements of income and comprehensive income of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries have been translated into U.S. dollars at the current and average exchange rates, respectively. The foreign currency translation adjustment is included as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.    Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash
equivalents.    Trade Accounts Receivable and the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
 The Company evaluates the collectability of trade accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. The Company estimates an
allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of net sales based on historical bad debt experience and periodically adjusts this estimate when the Company becomes aware of a specific customer’s inability to meet its financial obligations
(e.g., bankruptcy filing) or as a result of changes in the overall aging of accounts receivable. While the Company has a large customer base that is geographically dispersed, a general economic downturn in any of the industry segments in which the
Company operates could result in higher than  
      F-9
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  
expected defaults and, therefore, the need to revise estimates for bad debts. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, the Company recorded provisions for doubtful accounts of
approximately $8,691,000, $8,047,000, and $13,248,000, respectively. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the allowance for doubtful accounts was approximately $14,423,000 and $19,180,000, respectively.  
 Merchandise Inventories, Including Consideration Received From Vendors  
 Merchandise inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method for a
majority of automotive parts, electrical/electronic materials, and industrial parts, and by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method for office products and certain other inventories. If the FIFO method had been used for all inventories, cost would
have been approximately $432,150,000 and $428,260,000 higher than reported at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. During 2013, 2012, and 2011 reductions in inventory levels in automotive parts inventories (2013 and 2012), industrial parts
inventories (2013, 2012, and 2011), and electrical parts inventories (2012 and 2011) resulted in liquidations of LIFO inventory layers. The effect of the LIFO liquidation in 2013, 2012, and 2011 was to reduce cost of goods sold by approximately
$5,000,000, $6,000,000, and $16,000,000, respectively.    The Company identifies slow moving or obsolete inventories and
estimates appropriate provisions related thereto. Historically, these losses have not been significant as the vast majority of the Company’s inventories are not highly susceptible to obsolescence and are eligible for return under various vendor
return programs. While the Company has no reason to believe its inventory return privileges will be discontinued in the future, its risk of loss associated with obsolete or slow moving inventories would increase if such were to occur.  
 The Company enters into agreements at the beginning of each year with many of its vendors that provide for inventory purchase incentives.
Generally, the Company earns inventory purchase incentives upon achieving specified volume purchasing levels or other criteria. The Company accrues for the receipt of these incentives as part of its inventory cost based on cumulative purchases of
inventory to date and projected inventory purchases through the end of the year. While management believes the Company will continue to receive consideration from vendors in 2014 and beyond, there can be no assurance that vendors will continue to
provide comparable amounts of incentives in the future.    Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets  
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist primarily of prepaid expenses and amounts due from vendors.  
 Goodwill    The Company reviews its goodwill annually in the fourth quarter, or sooner if circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed fair value. The present value of future cash flows approach was
used to determine any potential impairment. The Company determined that goodwill was not impaired and, therefore, no impairments were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, or 2011. If an impairment occurs at a future date, it
may have the effect of increasing the volatility of the Company’s earnings.  
      F-10
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  Other Assets  
 Other assets are comprised of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Retirement benefit assets 
    
 $ 
 41,919 
    
    
 $ 
 4,021 
    
 
   Deferred compensation benefits 
    
   
 24,939 
    
    
   
 20,642 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 28,760 
    
    
   
 206,487 
    
 
   Cash surrender value of life insurance policies 
    
   
 95,094 
    
    
   
 78,860 
    
 
   Customer sales returns inventories 
    
   
 55,200 
    
    
   
 134,367 
    
 
   Other long-term prepayments and receivables 
    
   
 155,922 
    
    
   
 198,886 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
 $ 
 401,834 
    
    
 $ 
 643,263 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Property, Plant, and Equipment  
 Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization is primarily determined on a straight-line basis over the
following estimated useful life of each asset: buildings and improvements, 10 to 40 years; machinery and equipment, 5 to 15 years.    Long-Lived Assets Other Than Goodwill    The Company assesses its
long-lived assets other than goodwill for impairment whenever facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable. To analyze recoverability, the Company projects undiscounted net future cash flows over the
remaining life of such assets. If these projected cash flows are less than the carrying amount, an impairment would be recognized, resulting in a write-down of assets with a corresponding charge to earnings. Impairment losses, if any, are measured
based upon the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the assets.    Other Long-Term Liabilities
   Other long-term liabilities are comprised of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Post-employment and other benefit/retirement liabilities 
    
 $ 
 55,150 
    
    
 $ 
 35,273 
    
 
   Insurance liabilities 
    
   
 47,930 
    
    
   
 45,865 
    
 
   Other lease obligations 
    
   
 27,815 
    
    
   
 33,748 
    
 
   Other taxes payable 
    
   
 59,107 
    
    
   
 57,510 
    
 
   Customer deposits 
    
   
 65,826 
    
    
   
 161,936 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 159,170 
    
    
   
 153,924 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other long-term liabilities 
    
 $ 
 414,998 
    
    
 $ 
 488,256 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Self-Insurance    The Company is self-insured for the majority of group health insurance costs. A reserve for claims incurred but not reported is developed by analyzing historical claims data provided by the Company’s
claims admin- 
      F-11
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  
istrators. These reserves are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as the expenses are expected to be paid within one year.  
 Long-term insurance liabilities consist primarily of reserves for the workers’ compensation program. In addition, the Company carries
various large risk deductible workers’ compensation policies for the majority of workers’ compensation liabilities. The Company records the workers’ compensation reserves based on an analysis performed by an independent actuary. The
analysis calculates development factors, which are applied to total reserves as provided by the various insurance companies who underwrite the program. While the Company believes that the assumptions used to calculate these liabilities are
appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in these assumptions may materially affect workers’ compensation costs.    Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income    Accumulated other
comprehensive loss is comprised of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Foreign currency translation 
    
 $ 
 (37,619 
 )  
   
 $ 
 131,084 
    
 
   Unrecognized net actuarial loss, net of tax 
    
   
 (366,454 
 )  
   
   
 (644,244 
 )  
 
   Unrecognized prior service credit, net of tax 
    
   
 6,418 
    
   
   
 11,668 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
 $ 
 (397,655 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (501,492 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income by component for
the year ended December 31, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Changes in Accumulated Other
Comprehensive (Loss) Income by Component 
   
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
   
 Other Post- Retirement Benefits 
   
   
 Foreign Currency Translation 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (in Thousands) 
   


 
   Beginning balance, January 1 
    
 $ 
 (629,907 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,669 
 )  
   
 $ 
 131,084 
    
   
 $ 
 (501,492 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax 
    
   
 223,991 
    
   
   
 1,629 
    
   
   
 (168,703 
 )  
   
   
 56,917 
    
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 
    
   
 46,837 
    
   
   
 83 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 46,920 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 270,828 
    
   
   
 1,712 
    
   
   
 (168,703 
 )  
   
   
 103,837 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Ending balance, December 31 
    
 $ 
 (359,079 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (957 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (37,619 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (397,655 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accumulated other comprehensive loss components related to the pension benefits are included in the
computation of net periodic benefit cost in the employee benefit plans footnote.    Fair Value of Financial Instruments
   The carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts
receivable and trade accounts payable approximate their respective fair values based on the short-term nature of these instruments. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the fair value of fixed rate debt was approximately $496,000,000 and
$516,000,000, respectively. The fair value of fixed rate debt is designated as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy (i.e., significant observable inputs) and is based primarily on the discounted value of future cash flows using current market
interest rates offered for debt of similar credit risk and maturity.  
      F-12
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  Shipping and Handling Costs  
 Shipping and handling costs are classified as selling, administrative and other expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
income and comprehensive income and totaled approximately $250,000,000, $220,000,000, and $190,000,000, for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.  
 Advertising Costs    Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and totaled $57,900,000, $43,200,000, and $45,100,000 in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.  
 Accounting for Legal Costs    The Company’s legal costs expected to be incurred in connection with loss contingencies are expensed as such costs are incurred.  
 Share-Based Compensation    The Company maintains various long-term incentive plans, which provide for the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs), performance
awards, dividend equivalents and other share-based awards. SARs represent a right to receive upon exercise an amount, payable in shares of common stock, equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the
date of exercise over the base value of the grant. The terms of such SARs require net settlement in shares of common stock and do not provide for cash settlement. RSUs represent a contingent right to receive one share of the Company’s common
stock at a future date. The majority of awards previously granted vest on a pro-rata basis for periods ranging from one to five years and are expensed accordingly on a straight-line basis. The Company issues new shares upon exercise or conversion of
awards under these plans.    Net Income per Common Share  
 Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the year. The computation of diluted net income per common share includes the dilutive effect of stock options, stock appreciation rights and nonvested restricted stock awards options. Options to purchase approximately 630,000, 730,000, and
850,000 shares of common stock ranging from $54 — $81 per share were outstanding at December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. These options were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per common share because the
options’ exercise price was greater than the average market price of common stock in each respective year.  
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements    In February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2013-02, Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.
Under ASU 2013-02, an entity is required to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition, an entity is required to present, either on the face of the financial statements
or in the notes, significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income, but only if the amount reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety in the same reporting
period. For amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income, an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional details about those amounts. ASU 2013-02 does not change the current
requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in the financial statements. ASU 2013-02 is effective for the Company’s interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2012. The adoption of ASU 2013-02 did not
have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2013.  
      F-13
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 2. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  
  The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011 by
reportable segment, as well as other identifiable intangible assets, are summarized as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Goodwill 
   
   
 Other Intangible Assets, Net 
   
 
   
    
 Automotive 
   
   
 Industrial 
   
   
 Office Products 
   
    
 Electrical/ Electronic Materials 
   
    
 Total 
   
   


 
   Balance as of January 1, 2012 
    
 $ 
 43,705 
    
   
 $ 
 99,011 
    
   
 $ 
 10,554 
    
    
 $ 
 24,350 
    
    
 $ 
 177,620 
    
   
 $ 
 102,155 
    
 
   Additions 
    
   
 114,206 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 5,355 
    
    
   
 119,561 
    
   
   
 110,014 
    
 
   Amortization 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (12,991 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation 
    
   
 638 
    
   
   
 221 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 859 
    
   
   
 621 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2012 
    
   
 158,549 
    
   
   
 99,232 
    
   
   
 10,554 
    
    
   
 29,705 
    
    
   
 298,040 
    
   
   
 199,799 
    
 
   Additions 
    
   
 541,836 
    
   
   
 17,420 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 11,396 
    
    
   
 570,652 
    
   
   
 379,834 
    
 
   Amortization 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (28,987 
 )  
 
   Foreign currency translation 
    
   
 (78,205 
 )  
   
   
 (516 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (78,721 
 )  
   
   
 (51,261 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 622,180 
    
   
 $ 
 116,136 
    
   
 $ 
 10,554 
    
    
 $ 
 41,101 
    
    
 $ 
 789,971 
    
   
 $ 
 499,385 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization relating to other intangible assets at
December 31, 2013 and 2012 is as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 

   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 

   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   Customer relationships 
    
 $ 
 412,634 
    
    
 $ 
 (59,686 
 )  
   
 $ 
 352,948 
    
    
 $ 
 209,328 
    
    
 $ 
 (38,030 
 )  
   
 $ 
 171,298 
    
 
   Trademarks 
    
   
 149,949 
    
    
   
 (5,018 
 )  
   
   
 144,931 
    
    
   
 29,337 
    
    
   
 (1,944 
 )  
   
   
 27,393 
    
 
   Non-competition agreements 
    
   
 7,306 
    
    
   
 (5,800 
 )  
   
   
 1,506 
    
    
   
 4,483 
    
    
   
 (3,375 
 )  
   
   
 1,108 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 569,889 
    
    
 $ 
 (70,504 
 )  
   
 $ 
 499,385 
    
    
 $ 
 243,148 
    
    
 $ 
 (43,349 
 )  
   
 $ 
 199,799 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Amortization expense for other intangible assets totaled $28,987,000, $12,991,000, and $6,774,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. Estimated other intangible assets amortization expense for the succeeding five years is as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
  31,000 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 30,000 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 30,000 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 30,000 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 29,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 150,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      F-14
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 3. 
 Credit Facilities  
  The principal amounts of the Company’s borrowings subject to variable rates totaled approximately $264,658,000 at
December 31, 2013. There were no amounts subject to variable rates at December 31, 2012. The weighted average interest rate on the Company’s outstanding borrowings was approximately 2.82% at December 31, 2013 and 4.01% at
December 31, 2012.    The Company maintains an $850,000,000 unsecured revolving line of credit with a consortium of
financial institutions that matures in September 2017 and bears interest at LIBOR plus a margin, which is based on the Company’s leverage ratio (0.92% at December 31, 2013). The Company also has the option under this agreement to
increase its borrowing an additional $350,000,000, as well as an option to decrease the borrowing capacity or terminate the Syndicated Facility with appropriate notice. At December 31, 2013, approximately $264,658,000 was outstanding under this
line of credit. No amounts were outstanding under this line of credit at December 31, 2012.    Certain borrowings require
the Company to comply with a financial covenant with respect to a maximum debt-to-capitalization ratio. At December 31, 2013, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. Due to the workers’ compensation and insurance
reserve requirements in certain states, the Company also had unused letters of credit of $61,617,000 and $61,119,000 outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
 Amounts outstanding under the Company’s credit facilities consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Unsecured revolving line of credit, $850,000,000, LIBOR plus 0.75% variable 
    
 $ 
 264,658 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Unsecured term notes: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   November 30, 2008, Series C Senior Unsecured Notes, $250,000,000, 4.67% fixed, due November 30, 2013 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 250,000 
    
 
   November 30, 2011, Series D and E Senior Unsecured Notes, $250,000,000, 3.35% fixed, due November 30,
2016 
    
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 250,000 
    
 
   December 2, 2013, Series F Senior Unsecured Notes, $250,000,000, 2.99% fixed, due December 2, 2023 
    
   
 250,000 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt 
    
   
 764,658 
    
    
   
 500,000 
    
 
   Less debt due within one year 
    
   
 264,658 
    
    
   
 250,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt, excluding current portion 
    
 $ 
 500,000 
    
    
 $ 
 250,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      F-15
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 4. 
 Leased Properties  
  Future minimum payments, by year and in the aggregate, under the noncancelable operating leases with initial or
remaining terms of one year or more was approximately the following at December 31, 2013 (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 191,400 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 151,100 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 110,200 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 76,400 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 50,000 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 149,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total minimum lease payments 
    
 $ 
 728,600 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Rental expense for operating leases was approximately $208,000,000, $158,200,000, and $154,500,000 for
2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively.      

 
 
 5. 
 Share-Based Compensation  
  At December 31, 2013, total compensation cost related to nonvested awards not yet recognized was approximately
$26,000,000. The weighted-average period over which this compensation cost is expected to be recognized is approximately three years. The aggregate intrinsic value for options and RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012 was approximately
$154,000,000 and $90,300,000, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value for options and RSUs vested totaled approximately $93,600,000 and $57,600,000 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. At December 31, 2013, the weighted-average
contractual life for outstanding and exercisable options and RSUs was six and five years, respectively. Share-based compensation cost of $12,648,000, $10,747,000, and $7,547,000, was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and
2011, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for share-based compensation arrangements was approximately $5,100,000, $4,300,000, and $3,000,000, for 2013, 2012, and
2011, respectively. There have been no modifications to valuation methodologies or methods during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011.    For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 the fair value for options and SARs granted was estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions, respectively: risk-free interest rate of 2.0%, 2.0%, and 3.6%; dividend yield of 3.2%, 3.3%, and 3.8%; annual historical volatility factor of the expected market price of the Company’s common stock of 19% for each of the three
years; an average expected life and estimated turnover based on the historical pattern of existing grants of approximately seven years and 5.0%, respectively. The fair value of RSUs is based on the price of the Company’s stock on the date of
grant. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, was $8,100,000, $6,700,000, and $7,200,000, respectively.  
      F-16
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  A summary of the Company’s share-based compensation activity and related
information is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Shares (1) 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price (2) 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   
   
   
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 5,100 
    
   
 $ 
 50 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 900 
    
   
   
 77 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,335 
 )  
   
   
 45 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (85 
 )  
   
   
 63 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding at end of year (3) 
    
   
 4,580 
    
   
 $ 
 56 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
    
   
 2,601 
    
   
 $ 
 48 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Shares available for future grants 
    
   
 2,743 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Shares include  Restricted Stock Units  (RSUs).      
 
 
 (2) 
 The weighted-average exercise price excludes RSUs.      
 
 
 (3) 
 The exercise prices for options and SARs outstanding as of December 31, 2013 ranged from approximately $37 to $77. The weighted-average remaining contractual life
of all options and SARs outstanding is approximately six years.    The weighted-average grant date fair value of
options and SARs granted during the years 2013, 2012, and 2011 was $10.14, $7.96, and $8.18, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011 was $43,900,000, $41,500,000,
and $25,100,000.    In 2013, the Company granted approximately 727,000 SARs and 172,000 RSUs. In 2012, the Company granted
approximately 858,000 SARs and 145,000 RSUs. In 2011, the Company granted approximately 1,028,000 SARs and 126,000 RSUs.    A
summary of the Company’s nonvested share awards (RSUs) activity is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Nonvested Share Awards (RSUs) 
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   
   
   
   


 
   Nonvested at January 1, 2013 
    
   
 316 
    
   
 $ 
 54 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 172 
    
   
   
 78 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 77 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 72 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 444 
    
   
 $ 
 62 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011 approximately $12,900,000, $11,000,000, and
$5,400,000, respectively, of excess tax benefits was classified as a financing cash inflow.  
      F-17
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   


 
 
 6. 
 Income Taxes  
  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts used for income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2013, approximately $552,000,000 of cumulative undistributed earnings of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is considered to be
indefinitely reinvested. As such, no U.S. federal and state income taxes have been provided thereon, and it is not practicable to determine the amount of the related unrecognized deferred income tax liability. Significant components of the
Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets related to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Expenses not yet deducted for tax purposes 
    
 $ 
 343,156 
    
   
 $ 
 362,265 
    
 
   Pension liability not yet deducted for tax purposes 
    
   
 227,880 
    
   
   
 405,048 
    
 
   Capital loss 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 16,803 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (16,803 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 571,036 
    
   
   
 767,313 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities related to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Employee and retiree benefits 
    
   
 188,235 
    
   
   
 205,268 
    
 
   Inventory 
    
   
 152,641 
    
   
   
 191,047 
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 110,272 
    
   
   
 23,295 
    
 
   Property, plant, and equipment 
    
   
 53,751 
    
   
   
 41,130 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 29,733 
    
   
   
 28,321 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 534,632 
    
   
   
 489,061 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
   
 36,404 
    
   
   
 278,252 
    
 
   Current portion of deferred tax (assets) liabilities 
    
   
 (22,165 
 )  
   
   
 1,211 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Noncurrent net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 14,239 
    
   
 $ 
 279,463 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The current portion of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are included in prepaid expenses and other
current assets and income taxes payable, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets.    The components of income before
income taxes are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 850,866 
    
    
 $ 
 903,698 
    
    
 $ 
 784,841 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 193,438 
    
    
   
 115,234 
    
    
   
 105,965 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 1,044,304 
    
    
 $ 
 1,018,932 
    
    
 $ 
 890,806 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      F-18
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  The components of income tax expense are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Current: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
 $ 
 303,016 
    
   
 $ 
 288,135 
    
    
 $ 
 260,222 
    
 
   State 
    
   
 47,010 
    
   
   
 44,653 
    
    
   
 41,511 
    
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 30,941 
    
   
   
 23,352 
    
    
   
 26,294 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 (21,622 
 )  
   
   
 14,751 
    
    
   
 (2,337 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 359,345 
    
   
 $ 
 370,891 
    
    
 $ 
 325,690 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The reasons for the difference between total tax expense and the amount computed by applying the statutory
Federal income tax rate to income before income taxes are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Statutory rate applied to income 
    
 $ 
 365,506 
    
   
 $ 
 356,626 
    
   
 $ 
 311,782 
    
 
   Plus state income taxes, net of Federal tax benefit 
    
   
 28,823 
    
   
   
 30,227 
    
   
   
 26,790 
    
 
   Earnings in jurisdictions taxed at rates different from the statutory US tax rate 
    
   
 (37,873 
 )  
   
   
 (17,419 
 )  
   
   
 (13,443 
 )  
 
   Capital loss expiration 
    
   
 16,803 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Reversal of capital loss valuation allowance 
    
   
 (16,803 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 2,889 
    
   
   
 1,457 
    
   
   
 561 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 359,345 
    
   
 $ 
 370,891 
    
   
 $ 
 325,690 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various
states, and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to federal, state and local tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2009 or subject to non-United States income tax examinations for years
ended prior to 2002. The Company is currently under audit in the United States and Canada. Some audits may conclude in the next twelve months and the unrecognized tax benefits recorded in relation to the audits may differ from actual settlement
amounts. It is not possible to estimate the effect, if any, of the amount of such change during the next twelve months to previously recorded uncertain tax positions in connection with the audits. However, the Company does not anticipate total
unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change during the year due to the settlement of audits and the expiration of statutes of limitations.    A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 45,455 
    
   
 $ 
 46,845 
    
   
 $ 
 39,425 
    
 
   Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
    
   
 3,238 
    
   
   
 5,702 
    
   
   
 6,035 
    
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 3,759 
    
   
   
 2,172 
    
   
   
 7,966 
    
 
   Reductions for tax positions for prior years 
    
   
 (1,472 
 )  
   
   
 (5,025 
 )  
   
   
 (481 
 )  
 
   Reduction for lapse in statute of limitations 
    
   
 (1,714 
 )  
   
   
 (2,658 
 )  
   
   
 (4,563 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (2,076 
 )  
   
   
 (1,581 
 )  
   
   
 (1,537 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 47,190 
    
   
 $ 
 45,455 
    
   
 $ 
 46,845 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-19
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  The amount of gross tax effected unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and
penalties, as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 was approximately $59,530,000 and $58,020,000, respectively, of which approximately $18,287,000 and $17,615,000, respectively, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. During the years
ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, the Company paid interest and penalties of approximately $405,000, $493,000, and $759,000, respectively. The Company had approximately $12,340,000 and $12,565,000 of accrued interest and penalties at
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company recognizes potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.  
   

 
 
 7. 
 Employee Benefit Plans  
  The Company’s defined benefit pension plans cover employees in the U.S. and Canada who meet eligibility
requirements. The plan covering U.S. employees is noncontributory and benefits are based on the employees’ compensation during the highest five of their last ten years of credited service. The Canadian plan is contributory and benefits are
based on career average compensation. The Company’s funding policy is to contribute an amount equal to the minimum required contribution under applicable pension legislation. The Company may increase its contribution above the minimum if
appropriate to its tax and cash position and the plans’ funded position.    In December 2012, the U.S. defined benefit plan
was amended to reflect a hard freeze as of December 31, 2013. Therefore, no further benefit accruals were provided after that date for additional credited service or earnings. In addition, all participants will became fully vested as of
December 31, 2013. The Company recognized a one-time noncash curtailment gain in 2012 of $23,507,000 in connection with this amendment.    The Company also sponsors supplemental retirement plans covering employees in the U.S. and Canada. The Company uses a measurement date of December 31 for its pension plans.  
 Changes in benefit obligations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Changes in benefit obligation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 2,165,692 
    
   
 $ 
 1,958,399 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 19,083 
    
   
   
 15,254 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 89,408 
    
   
   
 100,338 
    
 
   Plan participants’ contributions 
    
   
 3,543 
    
   
   
 3,962 
    
 
   Plan amendments 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (4,217 
 )  
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 (164,784 
 )  
   
   
 330,028 
    
 
   Foreign currency exchange rate changes 
    
   
 (13,893 
 )  
   
   
 5,489 
    
 
   Gross benefits paid 
    
   
 (73,186 
 )  
   
   
 (67,767 
 )  
 
   Acquired plan 
    
   
 9,322 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Curtailments 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (175,794 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Benefit obligation at end of year 
    
 $ 
 2,035,185 
    
   
 $ 
 2,165,692 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The benefit obligations for the Company’s U.S. pension plans included in the above
were $1,838,810,000 and $1,955,414,000 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The total accumulated benefit obligation for the Company’s defined benefit pension plans was approximately $2,017,619,000 and $2,112,134,000 at
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
      F-20
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  The assumptions used to measure the pension benefit obligations for the plans at
December 31, 2013 and 2012, were:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Weighted-average discount rate 
    
   
 5.10 
 %  
   
   
 4.17 
 %  
 
   Rate of increase in future compensation levels 
    
   
 3.04 
 %  
   
   
 3.30 
 %  
   Changes in plan assets for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Changes in plan assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 1,595,679 
    
   
 $ 
 1,470,030 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 336,151 
    
   
   
 168,491 
    
 
   Foreign currency exchange rate changes 
    
   
 (12,155 
 )  
   
   
 4,498 
    
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 74,347 
    
   
   
 16,465 
    
 
   Acquired plan 
    
   
 8,684 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Plan participants’ contributions 
    
   
 3,543 
    
   
   
 3,962 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (73,186 
 )  
   
   
 (67,767 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
    
 $ 
 1,933,063 
    
   
 $ 
 1,595,679 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The fair values of plan assets for the Company’s U.S. pension plans included in the above were
$1,745,769,000 and $1,425,047,000 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    The asset allocations for the
Company’s funded pension plans at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the target allocation for 2014, by asset category were:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Target Allocation 2014 
 
   
   
 Percentage of Plan Assets 
at December 31 
   
 
   
    
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Asset Category 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 71 
 %  
   
   
 76 
 %  
   
   
 68 
 %  
 
   Debt securities 
    
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 32 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company’s benefit plan committees in the U.S. and Canada establish investment policies and
strategies and regularly monitor the performance of the funds. The pension plan strategy implemented by the Company’s management is to achieve long-term objectives and invest the pension assets in accordance with the applicable pension
legislation in the U.S. and Canada, as well as fiduciary standards. The long-term primary objectives for the pension plans are to provide for a reasonable amount of long-term growth of capital, without undue exposure to risk, protect the assets from
erosion of purchasing power, and provide investment results that meet or exceed the pension plans’ actuarially assumed long-term rates of return. The Company’s investment strategy with respect to pension plan assets is to generate a return
in excess of the passive portfolio benchmark (49% S&P 500 Index, 5% Russell Mid Cap Index, 8% Russell 2000 Index, 5% MSCI EAFE Index, 5% DJ Global Moderate Index, and 28% BarCap U.S. Govt/Credit).  
 The fair values of the plan assets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, by asset category, are shown in the tables below. Various inputs
are considered when determining the value of the Company’s pension plan assets.  
      F-21
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  
The inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. Level 1 represents observable market
inputs that are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level 2 represents other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices for similar securities, interest rates, credit risk, etc.). Level 3
represents significant unobservable inputs (including the Company’s own assumptions in determining the fair value of investments).    The valuation methods may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation
methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting
date. Equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded on the last day of the calendar plan year. Debt securities including corporate bonds, U.S. Government securities, and
asset-backed securities are valued using price evaluations reflecting the bid and/or ask sides of the market for an investment as of the last day of the calendar plan year.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets  (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Observable Inputs (Level
 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs  (Level 3) 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Equity Securities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common stocks — mutual funds — equity 
    
 $ 
 505,572 
    
    
 $ 
 505,572 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Genuine Parts Company 
    
   
 167,788 
    
    
   
 167,788 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other stocks 
    
   
 791,728 
    
    
   
 791,728 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Debt Securities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 59,058 
    
    
   
 59,058 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash and equivalents 
    
   
 9,022 
    
    
   
 9,022 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Government bonds 
    
   
 144,447 
    
    
   
 61,171 
    
    
   
 83,276 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 123,773 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 123,773 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 19,345 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 19,345 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other-international 
    
   
 12,072 
    
    
   
 11,200 
    
    
   
 872 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Municipal bonds 
    
   
 1,304 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,304 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Municipal funds-fixed income 
    
   
 96,231 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 96,231 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash surrender value of life insurance policies 
    
   
 2,723 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2,723 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,933,063 
    
    
 $ 
 1,605,539 
    
    
 $ 
 324,801 
    
    
 $ 
 2,723 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      F-22
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets  (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Observable Inputs (Level
 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs  (Level 3) 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Equity Securities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common stocks — mutual funds — equity 
    
 $ 
 342,846 
    
    
 $ 
 342,846 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Genuine Parts Company 
    
   
 128,236 
    
    
   
 128,236 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other stocks 
    
   
 608,017 
    
    
   
 608,017 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Debt Securities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 37,626 
    
    
   
 37,626 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash and equivalents 
    
   
 45,719 
    
    
   
 45,719 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Government bonds 
    
   
 166,413 
    
    
   
 74,707 
    
    
   
 91,706 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   
 127,824 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 127,824 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities 
    
   
 24,077 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 24,077 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other-international 
    
   
 10,188 
    
    
   
 10,188 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Municipal bonds 
    
   
 532 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 532 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Municipal funds-fixed income 
    
   
 101,578 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 101,578 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash surrender value of life insurance policies 
    
   
 2,623 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2,623 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,595,679 
    
    
 $ 
 1,247,339 
    
    
 $ 
 345,717 
    
    
 $ 
 2,623 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Equity securities include Genuine Parts Company common stock in the amounts of $167,788,000 (8.7% of total
plan assets) and $128,236,000 (8.0% of total plan assets) at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Dividend payments received by the plan on Company stock totaled approximately $4,336,000 and $3,994,000 in 2013 and 2012, respectively. Fees
paid during the year for services rendered by parties in interest were based on customary and reasonable rates for such services.    The changes in the fair value measurement of plan assets using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during 2013 and 2012 were not material.  
 Based on the investment policy for the pension plans, as well as an asset study that was performed based on the Company’s asset
allocations and future expectations, the Company’s expected rate of return on plan assets for measuring 2014 pension cost or income is 7.85% for the plans. The asset study forecasted expected rates of return for the approximate duration of the
Company’s benefit obligations, using capital market data and historical relationships.    The following table sets forth the
funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Other long-term asset 
    
 $ 
 41,919 
    
   
 $ 
 4,021 
    
 
   Other current liability 
    
   
 (5,976 
 )  
   
   
 (5,402 
 )  
 
   Pension and other post-retirement liabilities 
    
   
 (138,065 
 )  
   
   
 (568,632 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (102,122 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (570,013 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-23
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) consist of:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 590,568 
    
   
 $ 
 1,043,089 
    
 
   Prior service credit 
    
   
 (3,074 
 )  
   
   
 (10,612 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 587,494 
    
   
 $ 
 1,032,477 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table reflects the total benefits expected to be paid from the pension plans’ or the
Company’s assets. Of the pension benefits expected to be paid in 2014, approximately $5,978,000 is expected to be paid from employer assets. Expected employer contributions reflect amounts expected to be contributed to funded plans. Information
about the expected cash flows for the pension plans follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Employer contribution 
    
 
 
 
 
   2014 (expected) 
    
 $ 
 50,605 
    
 
   Expected benefit payments 
    
 
 
 
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 79,073 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 88,704 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 96,385 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 104,225 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 112,082 
    
 
   2019 through 2023 
    
   
 662,040 
    
   Net periodic benefit cost included the following components:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 19,083 
    
   
 $ 
 15,254 
    
   
 $ 
 13,039 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 89,408 
    
   
   
 100,338 
    
   
   
 97,293 
    
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 (133,816 
 )  
   
   
 (128,208 
 )  
   
   
 (124,150 
 )  
 
   Amortization of prior service credit 
    
   
 (7,538 
 )  
   
   
 (7,270 
 )  
   
   
 (6,970 
 )  
 
   Amortization of actuarial loss 
    
   
 83,934 
    
   
   
 70,161 
    
   
   
 53,039 
    
 
   Curtailment gain 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (23,507 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic benefit cost 
    
 $ 
 51,071 
    
   
 $ 
 26,768 
    
   
 $ 
 32,251 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      F-24
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive
(loss) income are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Current year actuarial (gain) loss 
    
 $ 
 (368,587 
 )  
   
 $ 
 114,061 
    
   
 $ 
 311,038 
    
 
   Recognition of actuarial loss 
    
   
 (83,934 
 )  
   
   
 (70,161 
 )  
   
   
 (53,039 
 )  
 
   Current year prior service credit 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (4,217 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Recognition of prior service credit 
    
   
 7,538 
    
   
   
 30,777 
    
   
   
 6,970 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total recognized in other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
 $ 
 (444,983 
 )  
   
 $ 
 70,460 
    
   
 $ 
 264,969 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive (loss) income 
    
 $ 
 (393,912 
 )  
   
 $ 
 97,228 
    
   
 $ 
 297,220 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The estimated amounts that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) into net
periodic benefit cost in 2014 are as follows in thousands:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 26,606 
    
 
   Prior service credit 
    
   
 (1,904 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 24,702 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The assumptions used in measuring the net periodic benefit costs for the plans follow:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Weighted average discount rate 
    
   
 4.17 
 %  
   
   
 5.17 
 %  
   
   
 5.74 
 %  
 
   Rate of increase in future compensation levels 
    
   
 3.30 
 %  
   
   
 3.30 
 %  
   
   
 3.39 
 %  
 
   Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 7.83 
 %  
   
   
 7.84 
 %  
   
   
 7.87 
 %  
   The Company has two defined contribution plans that cover substantially all of its domestic employees. The
Company’s matching contributions are determined based on the employee’s participation in the U.S. pension plan. Prior to 2014, U.S. pension plan participants who continue earning credited service after 2008 receive a matching contribution
of 20% of the first 6% of the employee’s salary. Other employees receive a matching contribution of 100% of the first 5% of the employee’s salary. In December 2012, the Company approved an amendment to merge the two plans effective
January 1, 2014. Beginning in 2014, all employees will receive a matching contribution of 100% of the first 5% of the employees’ salary. Total plan expense for both plans was approximately $43,236,000 in 2013, $43,155,000 in 2012, and
$38,773,000 in 2011.      

 
 
 8. 
 Guarantees  
  The Company guarantees the borrowings of certain independently controlled automotive parts stores (independents) and
certain other affiliates in which the Company has a noncontrolling equity ownership interest (affiliates). Presently, the independents are generally consolidated by unaffiliated enterprises that have a controlling financial interest through
ownership of a majority voting interest in the independent. The Company has no voting interest or other equity conversion rights in any of the independents. The Company does not control the independents or the affiliates, but receives a fee for the
guarantee. The Company has concluded that the independents are variable interest entities, but that the Company is not the primary beneficiary. Specifically, the equity holders of the independents have the power to direct the activities that most
significantly impact the entity’s economic performance including, but not limited to, decisions about hiring and terminating personnel, local marketing and promotional initiatives, pricing and selling activities, credit decisions, monitoring
and maintaining  
      F-25
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  
appropriate inventories, and store hours. Separately, the Company concluded the affiliates are not variable interest entities. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its
involvement with these independents and affiliates is generally equal to the total borrowings subject to the Company’s guarantee. While such borrowings of the independents and affiliates are outstanding, the Company is required to maintain
compliance with certain covenants, including a maximum debt to capitalization ratio and certain limitations on additional borrowings. At December 31, 2013, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants.  
 At December 31, 2013, the total borrowings of the independents and affiliates subject to guarantee by the Company were approximately
$258,703,000. These loans generally mature over periods from one to six years. In the event that the Company is required to make payments in connection with guaranteed obligations of the independents or the affiliates, the Company would obtain and
liquidate certain collateral (e.g., accounts receivable and inventory) to recover all or a portion of the amounts paid under the guarantee. When it is deemed probable that the Company will incur a loss in connection with a guarantee, a liability is
recorded equal to this estimated loss. To date, the Company has had no significant losses in connection with guarantees of independents’ and affiliates’ borrowings.    The Company has accrued for guarantees related to the independents’ and affiliates’ borrowings as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. These liabilities are not material to the financial position
of the Company and are included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.      

 
 
 9. 
 Acquisitions  
  During 2013, the Company acquired one company each in the Automotive Group (including GPC Asia Pacific), Industrial
Group, and Electrical/Electronic Materials Group for approximately $650,000,000, net of cash acquired. During 2012, the Company acquired one company in the Automotive Group (Quaker City Motor Parts Co.) for approximately $343,000,000, net of cash
acquired. During 2011, the Company acquired three companies in the Industrial Group and one company in the Electrical/Electronic Materials Group for approximately $115,600,000.    For each acquisition, the Company allocated the purchase price to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their fair values as of their respective acquisition dates. The results of
operations for the acquired companies were included in the Company’s consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income beginning on their respective acquisition dates. The Company recorded approximately $950,000,000, $230,000,000 and
$78,210,000 of goodwill and other intangible assets associated with the 2013, 2012, and 2011 acquisitions, respectively.    For
the 2013 acquisitions, other intangible assets acquired consisted of customer relationships of $235,000,000, trademarks of $141,000,000, and non-competition agreements of $4,000,000 with weighted average amortization lives of 15, 40, and 1 years,
respectively. For the 2012 acquisitions, other intangible assets acquired consisted of customer relationships of $108,000,000 and trademarks of $2,000,000, with weighted average amortization lives of 15 and 40 years, respectively. For the 2011
acquisitions, other intangible assets acquired consisted of customer relationships of $37,378,000, trademarks of $12,100,000, and non-competition agreements of $650,000, with weighted average amortization lives of 15, 40, and 5 years, respectively.
   Additional disclosures on the 2013 automotive acquisition of GPC Asia Pacific and the 2012 automotive acquisition of Quaker
City Motor Parts Co. are provided below.    GPC Asia Pacific  
 The Company acquired a 30% investment in GPC Asia Pacific, formerly known as the Exego Group, for approximately $166,000,000 effective
January 1, 2012. On April 1, 2013, the Company acquired the remaining 70% interest in GPC Asia Pacific for approximately $590,000,000, net of cash acquired of $70,000,000, and the  
      F-26
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  
assumption of approximately $230,000,000 in debt. The acquisition was financed using a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under existing credit facilities. GPC Asia Pacific, which is
headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, is a leading aftermarket distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in Australasia, with annual revenues of approximately $1,100,000,000 and a company-owned store footprint of more than 460
locations across Australia and New Zealand. This acquisition provides an opportunity for the Company to participate in the ongoing and significant growth opportunities in the Australasian aftermarket.  
 The Company recognized certain one-time positive purchase accounting pre-tax adjustments of approximately $33,000,000, or $0.21 net of
taxes on a per share diluted basis, as a result of the acquisition. The net one-time purchase accounting adjustments consisted of a gain of approximately $59,000,000 related to remeasuring the 30% investment in GPC Asia Pacific held before the
business combination to fair value, the post-closing sale of acquired inventory written up to fair value of $21,000,000 as part of the purchase price allocation, and certain negative adjustments of approximately $5,000,000.  
 Prior to the 70% acquisition, the Company accounted for the 30% investment under the equity method of accounting. The acquisition-date
fair value of the 30% investment was approximately $234,000,000 and is included in the measurement of the consideration transferred. The difference between the acquisition-date fair value and the carrying amount of the equity method investment
resulted in the recognition of a gain of approximately $59,000,000 on the acquisition date. The acquisition-date fair value was determined using a market and income approach with the assistance of a third party valuation firm.  
 As part of the allocation of purchase price described below, acquired inventory was written up to fair value, which was approximately
$21,000,000 above the cost of the acquired inventory. Based on the inventory turn of the acquired inventories, the entire write-up was recognized in cost of goods sold during 2013.  
 The net $54,000,000 of one-time gain and other adjustments are included in the line item “Selling, administrative & other
expenses” and the acquired inventory adjustment of $21,000,000 is included in “Cost of goods sold” in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.  
 The acquisition date fair value of the consideration transferred totaled approximately $824,000,000, net of cash acquired of $70,000,000,
which consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 April 1, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 590,000 
    
 
   Fair value of 30% investment held prior to business combination 
    
   
 234,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 824,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      F-27
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company is in the process of analyzing the estimated values of assets and liabilities acquired as of the acquisition date and is obtaining third-party valuations of certain intangible assets. The
allocation of the purchase price is therefore preliminary and subject to revision.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 April 1, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Trade accounts receivable 
    
 $ 
 94,000 
    
 
   Merchandise inventory 
    
   
 306,000 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 32,000 
    
 
   Property and equipment 
    
   
 59,000 
    
 
   Intangible assets 
    
   
 347,000 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 24,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total identifiable assets acquired 
    
   
 862,000 
    
 
   Current liabilities 
    
   
 (223,000 
 )  
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 (230,000 
 )  
 
   Deferred tax liabilities and other 
    
   
 (117,000 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities assumed 
    
   
 (570,000 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net identifiable assets acquired 
    
   
 292,000 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 532,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net assets acquired 
    
 $ 
 824,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The acquired intangible assets of approximately $347,000,000 were provisionally assigned to customer
relationships of $202,000,000, trademarks of $141,000,000, and non-compete agreements of $4,000,000, with weighted average amortization lives of 16, 40, and 1 year, respectively, for a total weighted average amortization life of 26 years. The fair
value of the acquired identifiable intangible assets is provisional pending completion of the final valuations for these assets.  
 The estimated goodwill recognized as part of the acquisition is not tax deductible and has been assigned to the automotive segment. The
goodwill is attributable primarily to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of GPC Asia Pacific.    The amounts of net
sales and earnings of GPC Asia Pacific included in the Company’s consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income from April 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013 were approximately $839,000,000 in net sales and net income of $0.43
on a per share diluted basis, respectively.    The unaudited pro forma consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
of the Company as if GPC Asia Pacific had been included in the consolidated results of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 would be estimated at $14,400,000,000 and $14,100,000,000 in net sales, respectively, and net
income of $4.42 and $4.53 on a per share diluted basis, respectively. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that we would have reported had the transaction actually occurred at the beginning of these
periods, nor is it necessarily indicative of future results.    The adjustments to the pro forma amounts include, but are not
limited to, applying the Company’s accounting policies, amortization related to fair value adjustments to intangible assets, one-time purchase accounting adjustments, interest expense on acquisition related debt, and any associated tax effects.
 
      F-28
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  Quaker City Motor Parts  
 On May 1, 2012 the Company acquired Quaker City Motor Parts Co. (“Quaker City”) for $343,000,000, net of cash acquired.
Quaker City, headquartered in Middleton, Delaware, is a long-standing NAPA distributor with annual revenues of approximately $300,000,000. Quaker City serves approximately 260 auto parts stores, of which approximately 135 are company-owned. The
Company funded the acquisition with cash on hand and short-term borrowings under credit facilities.      

 
 
 10. 
 Segment Data  
  The Company’s reportable segments consist of automotive, industrial, office products, and electrical/electronic
materials. Within the reportable segments, certain of the Company’s operating segments are aggregated since they have similar economic characteristics, products and services, type and class of customers, and distribution methods.  
 The Company’s automotive segment distributes replacement parts (other than body parts) for substantially all makes and models of
automobiles, trucks, and other vehicles.    The Company’s industrial segment distributes a wide variety of industrial
bearings, mechanical and fluid power transmission equipment, including hydraulic and pneumatic products, material handling components, and related parts and supplies.    The Company’s office products segment distributes a wide variety of office products, computer supplies, office furniture, and business electronics.  
 The Company’s electrical/electronic materials segment distributes a wide variety of electrical/electronic materials, including
insulating and conductive materials for use in electronic and electrical apparatus.    Inter-segment sales are not significant.
Operating profit for each industry segment is calculated as net sales less operating expenses excluding general corporate expenses, interest expense, equity in income from investees, amortization, and noncontrolling interests. Approximately
$193,400,000, $115,200,000 and $106,000,000 of income before income taxes was generated in jurisdictions outside the United States for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. Net sales and net long-lived assets by
country relate directly to the Company’s operations in the respective country. Corporate assets are principally cash and cash equivalents and headquarters’ facilities and equipment.  
      F-29
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   
  For management purposes, net sales by segment exclude the effect of certain discounts,
incentives, and freight billed to customers. The line item “other” represents the net effect of the discounts, incentives, and freight billed to customers that are reported as a component of net sales in the Company’s consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Net sales: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automotive 
    
 $ 
 7,489,186 
    
   
 $ 
 6,320,882 
    
   
 $ 
 6,061,424 
    
   
 $ 
 5,608,101 
    
   
 $ 
 5,225,389 
    
 
   Industrial 
    
   
 4,429,976 
    
   
   
 4,453,574 
    
   
   
 4,173,574 
    
   
   
 3,521,863 
    
   
   
 2,885,782 
    
 
   Office products 
    
   
 1,638,618 
    
   
   
 1,686,690 
    
   
   
 1,689,368 
    
   
   
 1,641,963 
    
   
   
 1,639,018 
    
 
   Electrical/electronic materials 
    
   
 568,872 
    
   
   
 582,820 
    
   
   
 557,537 
    
   
   
 449,770 
    
   
   
 345,808 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (48,809 
 )  
   
   
 (30,098 
 )  
   
   
 (23,026 
 )  
   
   
 (14,108 
 )  
   
   
 (38,485 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total net sales 
    
 $ 
 14,077,843 
    
   
 $ 
 13,013,868 
    
   
 $ 
 12,458,877 
    
   
 $ 
 11,207,589 
    
   
 $ 
 10,057,512 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating profit: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automotive 
    
 $ 
 641,492 
    
   
 $ 
 540,678 
    
   
 $ 
 467,806 
    
   
 $ 
 421,109 
    
   
 $ 
 387,945 
    
 
   Industrial 
    
   
 320,720 
    
   
   
 352,119 
    
   
   
 337,628 
    
   
   
 255,616 
    
   
   
 162,353 
    
 
   Office products 
    
   
 122,492 
    
   
   
 134,441 
    
   
   
 134,124 
    
   
   
 131,746 
    
   
   
 126,104 
    
 
   Electrical/electronic materials 
    
   
 47,584 
    
   
   
 50,910 
    
   
   
 40,663 
    
   
   
 30,910 
    
   
   
 25,254 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total operating profit 
    
   
 1,132,288 
    
   
   
 1,078,148 
    
   
   
 980,221 
    
   
   
 839,381 
    
   
   
 701,656 
    
 
   Interest expense, net 
    
   
 (24,330 
 )  
   
   
 (19,619 
 )  
   
   
 (24,608 
 )  
   
   
 (26,598 
 )  
   
   
 (27,112 
 )  
 
   Corporate expense 
    
   
 (34,667 
 )  
   
   
 (26,606 
 )  
   
   
 (58,033 
 )  
   
   
 (46,263 
 )  
   
   
 (26,735 
 )  
 
   Intangible asset amortization 
    
   
 (28,987 
 )  
   
   
 (12,991 
 )  
   
   
 (6,774 
 )  
   
   
 (4,737 
 )  
   
   
 (3,644 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 1,044,304 
    
   
 $ 
 1,018,932 
    
   
 $ 
 890,806 
    
   
 $ 
 761,783 
    
   
 $ 
 644,165 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automotive 
    
 $ 
 4,009,244 
    
   
 $ 
 3,411,252 
    
   
 $ 
 3,218,931 
    
   
 $ 
 3,177,644 
    
   
 $ 
 3,148,876 
    
 
   Industrial 
    
   
 1,162,697 
    
   
   
 1,130,877 
    
   
   
 1,100,024 
    
   
   
 955,241 
    
   
   
 865,431 
    
 
   Office products 
    
   
 708,944 
    
   
   
 731,564 
    
   
   
 700,720 
    
   
   
 694,166 
    
   
   
 619,612 
    
 
   Electrical/electronic materials 
    
   
 156,780 
    
   
   
 137,237 
    
   
   
 129,933 
    
   
   
 113,757 
    
   
   
 76,716 
    
 
   Corporate 
    
   
 353,276 
    
   
   
 898,292 
    
   
   
 773,391 
    
   
   
 637,871 
    
   
   
 445,705 
    
 
   Goodwill and other intangible assets 
    
   
 1,289,356 
    
   
   
 497,839 
    
   
   
 279,775 
    
   
   
 209,548 
    
   
   
 171,532 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 7,680,297 
    
   
 $ 
 6,807,061 
    
   
 $ 
 6,202,774 
    
   
 $ 
 5,788,227 
    
   
 $ 
 5,327,872 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      F-30
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   
 
   
    
 (In Thousands) 
   


 
   Depreciation and amortization: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automotive 
    
 $ 
 76,238 
    
   
 $ 
 60,630 
    
   
 $ 
 60,252 
    
   
 $ 
 63,942 
    
   
 $ 
 65,554 
    
 
   Industrial 
    
   
 8,751 
    
   
   
 8,307 
    
   
   
 7,495 
    
   
   
 7,208 
    
   
   
 7,611 
    
 
   Office products 
    
   
 10,166 
    
   
   
 10,837 
    
   
   
 9,999 
    
   
   
 9,737 
    
   
   
 9,685 
    
 
   Electrical/electronic materials 
    
   
 1,904 
    
   
   
 1,733 
    
   
   
 1,554 
    
   
   
 1,414 
    
   
   
 1,666 
    
 
   Corporate 
    
   
 7,911 
    
   
   
 3,885 
    
   
   
 2,862 
    
   
   
 2,294 
    
   
   
 2,251 
    
 
   Intangible asset amortization 
    
   
 28,987 
    
   
   
 12,991 
    
   
   
 6,774 
    
   
   
 4,737 
    
   
   
 3,644 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total depreciation and amortization 
    
 $ 
 133,957 
    
   
 $ 
 98,383 
    
   
 $ 
 88,936 
    
   
 $ 
 89,332 
    
   
 $ 
 90,411 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Capital expenditures: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Automotive 
    
 $ 
 97,735 
    
   
 $ 
 67,482 
    
   
 $ 
 61,795 
    
   
 $ 
 46,888 
    
   
 $ 
 53,911 
    
 
   Industrial 
    
   
 8,808 
    
   
   
 13,015 
    
   
   
 9,851 
    
   
   
 4,307 
    
   
   
 2,987 
    
 
   Office products 
    
   
 9,297 
    
   
   
 16,013 
    
   
   
 22,036 
    
   
   
 29,866 
    
   
   
 5,782 
    
 
   Electrical/electronic materials 
    
   
 1,730 
    
   
   
 1,029 
    
   
   
 1,762 
    
   
   
 1,957 
    
   
   
 676 
    
 
   Corporate 
    
   
 6,493 
    
   
   
 4,448 
    
   
   
 8,025 
    
   
   
 2,361 
    
   
   
 6,089 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total capital expenditures 
    
 $ 
 124,063 
    
   
 $ 
 101,987 
    
   
 $ 
 103,469 
    
   
 $ 
 85,379 
    
   
 $ 
 69,445 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net sales: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 11,594,713 
    
   
 $ 
 11,299,291 
    
   
 $ 
 10,791,303 
    
   
 $ 
 9,793,820 
    
   
 $ 
 8,935,651 
    
 
   Canada 
    
   
 1,560,799 
    
   
   
 1,616,921 
    
   
   
 1,571,733 
    
   
   
 1,327,552 
    
   
   
 1,078,799 
    
 
   Australasia 
    
   
 839,353 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Mexico 
    
   
 131,787 
    
   
   
 127,754 
    
   
   
 118,867 
    
   
   
 100,325 
    
   
   
 81,547 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (48,809 
 )  
   
   
 (30,098 
 )  
   
   
 (23,026 
 )  
   
   
 (14,108 
 )  
   
   
 (38,485 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total net sales 
    
 $ 
 14,077,843 
    
   
 $ 
 13,013,868 
    
   
 $ 
 12,458,877 
    
   
 $ 
 11,207,589 
    
   
 $ 
 10,057,512 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net long-lived assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 503,882 
    
   
 $ 
 466,473 
    
   
 $ 
 411,193 
    
   
 $ 
 398,318 
    
   
 $ 
 402,937 
    
 
   Canada 
    
   
 99,135 
    
   
   
 93,496 
    
   
   
 84,210 
    
   
   
 80,978 
    
   
   
 78,502 
    
 
   Australasia 
    
   
 60,614 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Mexico 
    
   
 6,430 
    
   
   
 6,396 
    
   
   
 4,801 
    
   
   
 4,834 
    
   
   
 3,585 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total net long-lived assets 
    
 $ 
 670,061 
    
   
 $ 
 566,365 
    
   
 $ 
 500,204 
    
   
 $ 
 484,130 
    
   
 $ 
 485,024 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 

      F-31
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Annual Report on Form 10-K  
 Item 15(a)  
 Financial Statement Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 Genuine Parts Company and Subsidiaries      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Charged to Costs and Expenses 
   
    
 Deductions(1) 
   
   
 Balance at End of Period 
   


 
   Year ended December 31, 2011: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 15,598,912 
    
    
 $ 
 13,247,731 
    
    
 $ 
 (11,930,188 
 )  
   
 $ 
 16,916,455 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2012: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 16,916,455 
    
    
 $ 
 8,046,605 
    
    
 $ 
 (5,782,870 
 )  
   
 $ 
 19,180,190 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2013: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 19,180,190 
    
    
 $ 
 8,691,000 
    
    
 $ 
 (13,448,190 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,423,000 
    
         
   
 
 
 (1) 
 Doubtful accounts written off, net of recoveries.  
      S-1
 


 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K  
 INDEX OF EXHIBITS    The following exhibits are filed (or furnished, if so indicated) herewith as a part of this Report:      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
   21 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
   23 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification signed by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification signed by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 
 
 
   32.1 
    
 Statement of Chief Executive Officer of Genuine Parts Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(furnished herewith). 
 
 
 
 
   32.2 
    
 Statement of Chief Financial Officer of Genuine Parts Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(furnished herewith). 
 
 
 
 
 101 
    
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 
   The following exhibits are incorporated by reference as set forth in Item 15 of this Form 10-K:
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
 — 3.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, amended April 23, 2007. 
 
 
 
 
 — 3.2 
    
 By-Laws of the Company as amended and restated November 18, 2013. 
 
 
 
 
 — 4.2 
    
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 
   Instruments with respect to long-term debt where the total amount of securities authorized there under
does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis have not been filed. The Registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission a copy of each such instrument upon request.  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 — 10.1* 
    
 The Genuine Parts Company Restated Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, effective January 1, 1993. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.2* 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated June 1, 1996, effective June 1, 1996. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.3* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Death Benefit Plan, effective July 15, 1997. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.4* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated April 19, 1999, effective April 19, 1999. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.5* 
    
 The Genuine Parts Company Original Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of August 19, 1996. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.6* 
    
 Amendment to the Genuine Parts Company Original Deferred Compensation Plan, dated April 19, 1999, effective April 19, 1999. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.7* 
    
 Amendment No. 3 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated November 28, 2001, effective July 1, 2001. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.8* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company 1999 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of November 19, 2001. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.9* 
    
 Amendment No. 4 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated June 5, 2003, effective June 5, 2003. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.10* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2003, and executed November 11, 2003. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.11* 
    
 Amendment No. 5 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.12* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company Death Benefit Plan. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.13* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective April 17, 2006. 

 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 — 10.14* 
    
 Amendment to the Genuine Parts Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated November 20, 2006, effective November 20, 2006. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.15* 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Genuine Parts Company Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, dated November 19, 2007, effective January 1, 2008. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.16* 
    
 Amendment No. 6 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated November 28, 2007, effective January 1, 2008. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.17* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan, dated November 19, 2007, effective November 19, 2007. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.18* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.19* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.20* 
    
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.21* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.22* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company 2009 Annual Incentive Bonus Plan, dated March 31, 2009, effective January 1, 2009. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.23* 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Genuine Parts Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2009, dated August 16, 2010, effective August 16,
2010. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.24* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2009, dated November 16, 2010, effective January 1,
2011. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.25* 
    
 Amendment No. 7 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated November 16, 2010, effective January 1, 2011. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.26* 
    
 Description of Director Compensation. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.27* 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to the Genuine Parts Company Director’s Deferred Compensation Plan, dated December 7, 2012, effective December 7, 2012. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.28* 
    
 Amendment No. 8 to the Genuine Parts Company Tax-Deferred Savings Plan, dated December 7, 2012, effective December 7, 2012. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.29* 
    
 Amendment No. 3 to the Genuine Parts Company Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2009, dated December 7, 2012, effective December 31,
2013. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.30* 
    
 Form of amendment to the Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
 — 10.31* 
    
 Genuine Parts Company Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement. 
       
 
 
 * 
 Indicates management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements.  

 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Board of Directors 
    
 
 
   Dr. Mary B. Bullock 
    
 Executive Vice Chancellor of Duke Kunshan University and President Emerita of Agnes Scott 
College 
 
   Paul D. Donahue 
    
 President 
 
   Jean Douville 
    
 Chairman of the Board of Directors of UAP Inc. 
 
   Thomas C. Gallagher 
    
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   George C. “Jack” Guynn 
    
 Retired President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta 
 
   John R. Holder 
    
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Holder Properties 
 
   John D. Johns 
    
 Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer of Protective Life Corporation 
 
   Michael M. E. Johns, MD 
    
   Professor, Emory School of Medicine and Rollins School of Public Health; Chancellor and Executive Vice President of Health
Affairs Emeritus, Emory University 
 
   Robert C. “Robin” Loudermilk, Jr. 
    
 President and Chief Executive Officer of The Loudermilk Companies, LLC 
 
   Wendy B. Needham 
    
 Retired Managing Director, Global Automotive Research at Credit Suisse First Boston 
 
   Jerry W. Nix 
    
 Retired Chief Financial Officer 
 
   Gary W. Rollins 
    
 Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Rollins Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   Corporate Officers 
    
 
 
   Thomas C. Gallagher 
    
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Paul D. Donahue 
    
 President 
 
   Carol B. Yancey 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 
   Treg S. Brown 
    
 Senior Vice President — Planning and Acquisitions 
 
   Charles A. Chesnutt 
    
 Senior Vice President — Technology and Process Improvement 
 
   R. Bruce Clayton 
    
 Senior Vice President — Human Resources 
 
   Frank M. Howard 
    
 Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 
   James R. Neill 
    
 Senior Vice President — Employee Development and Human Resource Services 
 
   Michael D. Orr 
    
 Senior Vice President — Operations and Logistics 
 
   Scott C. Smith 
    
 Senior Vice President — Corporate Counsel 
 
   Lisa K. Hamilton 
    
 Vice President — Benefits and Communications 
 
   David A. Haskett 
    
 Vice President and Corporate Controller 
 
   Philip C. Johnson 
    
 Vice President — Compensation 
 
   Sidney G. Jones 
    
 Vice President — Investor Relations 
 
   Karl J. Koenig 
    
 Vice President — Real Estate and Construction 
 
   Napoleon B. Rutledge, Jr. 
    
 Vice President and Assistant Treasurer 
 
   Eric N. Sundby 
    
 Vice President — Information Technology 
 
   Matthew P. Brigham 
    
 Assistant Vice President — Treasury Services 
 
   Christopher T. Galla 
    
 Assistant Vice President and Senior Counsel 
 
   Jessica E. Morgan 
    
 Assistant Vice President — Risk Management 
 
   Christine E. Powell 
    
 Assistant Vice President — Financial Analysis 
 
   Robert L. Swann 
    
 Assistant Vice President — Internal Audit and Compliance 
 
   Jennifer L. Ellis 
    
 Associate Counsel and Assistant Secretary 
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Automotive Parts Group 
    
 
 
   Paul D. Donahue 
    
 President 
 
   Lee A. Maher 
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
   Glenn M. Chambers 
    
 Executive Vice President — Operations 
 
   Scott W. LeProhon 
    
 Executive Vice President — Merchandising and Product Strategy 
 
   Daniel F. Askey 
    
 Senior Vice President — Sales 
 
   Todd P. Helms 
    
 Senior Vice President — Human Resources 
 
   Gregory N. Miller 
    
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
   J. Richard Borman 
    
 Vice President — Supply Chain and Logistics 
 
   Michael A. Briggs 
    
 Vice President — Retail Product Management and Merchandising 
 
   Byron H. Frantz 
    
 Vice President — Wholesale Product Management 
 
   Michael J. Fusaro 
    
 Vice President — Process Improvement — Distribution 
 
   Richard A. Geiger 
    
 Vice President — Finance 
 
   Mark W. Hohe 
    
 Vice President — Store Operations 
 
   Karen E. Kreider 
    
 Vice President and Chief Information Officer 
 
   Jett W. Kuntz 
    
 Vice President — Integrated Business Solutions 
 
   David B. Nicki 
    
 Vice President — NAPA Tools and Equipment Sales 
 
   J. Michael Phillips 
    
 Vice President — Organizational Development 
 
   Bret A. Robyck 
    
 Vice President — AutoCare Sales 
 
   Vickie S. Smith 
    
 Vice President — Human Resources 
 
   Gaylord M. Spencer 
    
 Vice President — Marketing Strategy 
 
   Michael L. Swartz 
    
 Vice President — Inventory & Procurement 
 
   Dennis P. Tolivar 
    
 Vice President — Major Accounts 

 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Divisions 
    
 
 
   M. Todd McMurtrie 
    
 Vice President — Atlantic Division 
 
   Grant L. Morris 
    
 Vice President — Central Division 
 
   Michael J. Kelleher 
    
 Vice President — Eastern Division 
 
   Gregg T. Sargent 
    
 Vice President — Florida Operations 
 
   Kevin E. Herron 
    
 Vice President — Midwest Division 
 
   Eric G. Fritsch 
    
 Vice President — Mountain Division 
 
   Christopher R. Agostino 
    
 Vice President — Quaker City Division 
 
   Patrick A. Wolfe 
    
 Vice President — Southern Division 
 
   Stuart A. Kambury 
    
 Vice President — Southwest Division 
 
   Bradley A. Shaffer 
    
 Vice President — Western Division 
 
 
 
   Heavy Vehicle Parts Group (Atlanta, GA) 
 
   D. Gary Silva 
    
 President 
 
   Greg A. Lancour 
    
 Vice President — Operations 
 
 
 
 
   Rayloc (Atlanta, GA) 
    
 
 
   William J. Westerman III 
    
 President 
 
   Michael S. Gaffney II 
    
 Vice President — Operations 
 
   Chris C. Koenigshof 
    
 Vice President — Human Resources 
 
   Joseph W. Lashley 
    
 Vice President — Information Services 
 
   Scott J. Rolf 
    
 Vice President — Sales and Marketing 
 
 
 
 
   Balkamp, Inc. (Indianapolis, IN) 
    
 
 
   D. Tip Tollison 
    
 President 
 
   Frank C. Amato 
    
 Executive Vice President 
 
   Mary F. Knudsen 
    
 Vice President — Finance and Treasurer 
 
 
 
   Grupo Auto Todo (Puebla, Mexico) 
 
   Juan Lujambio 
    
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Jorge Otero 
    
 Executive Vice President — Finance 
 
   Juan Quintal 
    
 Vice President and General Manager NAPA Mexico 
 
 
 
   Altrom Import Parts Group (Vancouver, Canada) 
 
   Patrick K. Nichol 
    
 President 
 
 
 
   NAPA Canada/UAP Inc. (Montreal, Canada) 
 
   Jean Douville 
    
 Chairman of the Board 
 
   Robert Hattem 
    
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Sylvie Leduc 
    
 Executive Vice President — Heavy Vehicle Parts Division 
 
   Alain Masse 
    
 Executive Vice President — NAPA Operations 
 
   John Buckley 
    
 Senior Regional Vice President — Auto Parts Division 
 
   Daniel Dallaire 
    
 Vice President — Human Resources 
 
   Joseph P. Herauf 
    
 Vice President — Sales 
 
   Thomas Hunt 
    
 Vice President — Product Development 
 
   Mark Miron 
    
 Vice President — Distribution and Logistics 
 
   Frank Pipito 
    
 Vice President — Finance and Secretary 
 
 
 
   GPC Asia Pacific (Melbourne, Australia) 
 
   John L. Moller 
    
 Managing Director 
 
   Mark G. Brunton 
    
 Executive General Manager — Repco New Zealand 
 
   Wayne F. Bryant 
    
 Executive General Manager — Repco Australia, Sales and Operations 
 
   Rob Cameron 
    
 Executive General Manager — Automotive Specialist Group 
 
   Gary T. Dunwell 
    
 Executive General Manager — Repco Australia, Merchandising and Strategic Marketing 
 
   Cary D. Laverty 
    
 Executive General Manager — Legal and Commercial 
 
   Lincoln P. McFayden 
    
 Executive General Manager — McLeod Accessories 
 
   J. Scott Mosteller 
    
 Executive General Manager — Logistics and Technology 
 
   Craig Sandiford 
    
 Executive General Manager — Human Resources 
 
   Mark B. Sookias 
    
 Executive General Manager — Motospecs 
 
   Julian Buckley 
    
 Chief Financial Officer 

 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   EIS, Inc. (Atlanta, GA) 
    
 
 
   Robert W. Thomas 
    
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Alexander Gonzalez 
    
 Senior Vice President — Electrical and Electronics 
 
   Larry L. Griffin 
    
 Senior Vice President — Fabrication and Coating 
 
   William C. Knight 
    
 Senior Vice President — Logistics and Operations 
 
   Peter F. Sheehan 
    
 Senior Vice President — Specialty Wire and Cable 
 
   Matthew C. Tyser 
    
 Senior Vice President — Finance and Secretary 
 
   Derek B. Goshay 
    
 Vice President — Human Resources 
 
 
 
   Motion Industries (Birmingham, AL) 
 
   William J. Stevens 
    
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Timothy P. Breen 
    
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
   G. Harold Dunaway, Jr. 
    
 Executive Vice President — Finance & Administration and Secretary 
 
   Austin W. Amos 
    
 Senior Vice President & Group Executive — Midwest 
 
   Randall P. Breaux 
    
 Senior Vice President — Marketing, Strategic Planning and Product Support 
 
   Richard W. Burmester 
    
 Senior Vice President & Group Executive — Southwest 
 
   Anthony G. Cefalu 
    
 Senior Vice President & Group Executive — Central and Hose & Rubber 
 
   Ellen H. Holladay 
    
 Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Operational Excellence Officer 
 
   Scott A. MacPherson 
    
 Senior Vice President — Sales 
 
   Mark W. Sheehan 
    
 Senior Vice President — OEM, Global Sourcing, Automation & Process Pumps 
 
   Gerald V. Sourbeer 
    
 Senior Vice President & Group Executive — Southeast 
 
   Kevin P. Storer 
    
 Senior Vice President & Group Executive — West and President — Motion Mexico 
 
   Mark R. Thompson 
    
 Senior Vice President — Corporate Accounts 
 
   Randy R. Till 
    
 Senior Vice President & Group Executive — East 
 
   Darryl J. Britain 
    
 Vice President — Technology Process, Support and Communications 
 
   Frederick H. “Ted” Cowie 
    
 Vice President — Sales — Safety Products 
 
   Zahirudin K. Hameer 
    
 Vice President — Inventory Management 
 
   Billy W. Hamilton 
    
 Vice President — Human Resources 
 
   M. Keith Knight 
    
 Vice President — Business Systems 
 
   N. Joe Limbaugh 
    
 Vice President — Operations 
 
   Douglas R. Osborne 
    
 Vice President — MI Services 
 
   C. Jeff Rouse 
    
 Vice President — Government Sales and Export 
 
   Brandon C. Scordino 
    
 Vice President — Technology Planning and Development 
 
   James R. Summers 
    
 Vice President — Systems Assurance & Data Center Operations 
 
   J. Marvin Walker 
    
 Vice President — Finance 
 
   James F. Williams 
    
 Vice President — Corporate Purchasing and Distribution Centers 
 
   Michael D. Harper 
    
 Treasurer 
 
   Dermot R. Strong 
    
 President — Motion Canada 
 
 
 
   S. P. Richards Company (Atlanta, GA) 
 
   C. Wayne Beacham 
    
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Richard T. Toppin 
    
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
   Steven E. Lynn 
    
 Senior Vice President — Merchandising 
 
   G. Henry Martin 
    
 Senior Vice President — Human Resources 
 
   Donald C. Mikolasy 
    
 Senior Vice President — Sales 
 
   James F. O’Brien 
    
 Senior Vice President — Marketing 
 
   J. Phillip Welch, Jr. 
    
 Senior Vice President — Finance and CFO 
 
   Dennis J. Arnold 
    
 Vice President — Furniture 
 
   John K. Burgess 
    
 Vice President — Sales 
 
   Thomas E. Dunmon, Jr. 
    
 Vice President — Finance and Controller 
 
   Dennis J. Flynn 
    
 Vice President — Supply Chain 
 
   E. Chadwick Lee 
    
 Vice President — New Market Development 
 
   Charles E. Macpherson 
    
 Vice President — Strategic Pricing 
 
   Tom C. Maley 
    
 Vice President — Business Development & Analytics 
 
   Brian M. McGill 
    
 Vice President — Information Technology & CIO 
 
   James C. Moseley 
    
 Vice President — Information Systems 
 
   John R. Reagan 
    
 Vice President — Merchandising 
 
   Jason R. Smith 
    
 Vice President — Sales — Emerging Markets 
 
   Thomas M. Testa 
    
 Vice President — Sales 
 
   Chris F. Whiting 
    
 Vice President — Cleaning and Breakroom Supply 
 
   Bryan A. Wight 
    
 Vice President — Sales — Independent Dealer Channel 
 
   Lester P. Christian 
    
 Vice President — Southeast Division 
 
   Bryan T. Hall 
    
 Vice President — South Central Division 
 
   Gregory L. Nissen 
    
 Vice President — Western Division 
 
   Ray J. Sreca 
    
 Vice President — Northeast Division 
 
   Richard A. Wiltz 
    
 Vice President — North Central Division 
 
   Peter R. Dalglish 
    
 Managing Director — S. P. Richards Canada 
 

 
 

 Index to Financial Statements 

        
     


 
  
 
 
 
