
 10-K
 1
 a2237733z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
  

       

   
    

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 

 

 
 


   

 

 

 FORM 10-K   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (MARK ONE) 
   
   
 
 
 ý 
   
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  OR 
 
 
 o 
   
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
 
  
  

 
 


   


 

 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 
   
 Commission file number 1-2189 
 
 
 
  
  Abbott Laboratories   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 An Illinois Corporation 
   
  36-0698440 
 
 
 100 Abbott Park Road 
Abbott Park, Illinois 60064-6400 
   
  (I.R.S. employer identification number)   (224) 667-6100   (telephone number) 
 
 
 
  
  Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 
 
 Title of Each Class 
   
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 
   
 
 
 Common Shares, Without Par Value 
   
   
  New York Stock Exchange 
Chicago Stock Exchange 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   

 Yes  ý             No  o    

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.   

 Yes  o             No  ý    

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.   

 Yes  ý             No  o    

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files).   

 Yes  ý             No  o    


 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ý    

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or
an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large Accelerated Filer  ý 
   
 Accelerated Filer  o 
   
 Non-Accelerated Filer  o 
   
 


 


 Smaller reporting company  o     Emerging growth company  o 
 
 
 
  
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  o    


 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   

 Yes  o             No  ý    

 The aggregate market value of the 1,710,210,374 shares of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price
as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, as of the last business day of Abbott Laboratories' most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2018), was $104,305,730,710. Abbott has
no non-voting common equity. Number of common shares outstanding as of January 31, 2019: 1,756,470,269   

  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

 Portions of the 2019 Abbott Laboratories Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part III. The Proxy Statement will be filed on or about
March 15, 2019.   

   
    

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   
   PART I          

   
       ITEM 1.    BUSINESS          

   
       GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS          

         Abbott Laboratories is an Illinois corporation, incorporated in 1900. Abbott's* principal business is the discovery, development, manufacture,
and sale of a broad and diversified line of health care products.  

   
   
   NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS          

         Abbott has four reportable segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products, and Cardiovascular and
Neuromodulation Products.  

         On
October 3, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of Alere, Inc., a diagnostic device and service provider, for an aggregate consideration of approximately
$4.5 billion in cash.  

         On
February 27, 2017, Abbott completed the sale of Abbott Medical Optics, its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for $4.325 billion in cash.  

         On
January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a global medical device manufacturer. Based on the closing Abbott share price on
January 4, 2017, the aggregate implied value of the consideration paid in connection with the acquisition was approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in
cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares.  

 


 


Established Pharmaceutical Products   

         These products include a broad line of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured worldwide and marketed and sold outside the United States in
emerging markets. These products are generally sold directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, pharmacies, and independent retailers from Abbott-owned
distribution centers and public
warehouses, depending on the market served. Certain products are co-marketed or co-promoted with, or licensed from, other companies.  

         The
principal products included in the broad therapeutic area portfolios of the Established Pharmaceutical Products segment are: 

 
 
 •  gastroenterology products, including Creon™, for the treatment of pancreatic exocrine insufficiency associated with several
underlying conditions, including cystic fibrosis and chronic pancreatitis; Duspatal™ and Dicetel®, for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome or biliary spasm;
Heptral™, Transmetil®, and Samyr®, for the treatment of intrahepatic cholestasis (associated with liver disease) or depressive symptoms; and Duphalac™,
for regulation of the physiological rhythm of the colon;  
 •  women's health products, including Duphaston™, for the treatment of many different gynecological disorders; and
Femoston™, a hormone replacement therapy for postmenopausal women;  
 •  cardiovascular and metabolic products, including Lipanthyl™ and TriCor®, for the treatment of dyslipidemia;
Teveten™ and Teveten™ Plus, for the treatment of essential hypertension, and Physiotens™, for the treatment of hypertension; and Synthroid™, for the
treatment of hypothyroidism;  
 •  pain and central nervous system products, including Serc™, for the treatment of Ménière's disease and
vestibular vertigo; Brufen™, for the treatment of pain, fever, and inflammation, and Sevedol®, for the treatment of severe migraines; and    
 •  respiratory drugs and vaccines, including the anti-infective clarithromycin (sold under the trademarks Biaxin®,
Klacid™, and Klaricid™); and Influvac™, an influenza vaccine.  
 
      
 
   
   

  
 * As
used throughout the text of this report on Form 10-K, the term "Abbott" refers to Abbott Laboratories, an Illinois corporation, or Abbott Laboratories and
its consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires.  
 1 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 

         The
Established Pharmaceutical Products segment directs its primary marketing efforts toward building a strong brand with key stakeholders, including consumers, pharmacists, physicians,
and other healthcare providers. Government agencies are also important customers.  


         Competition
in the Established Pharmaceutical Products segment is generally from other health care and pharmaceutical companies. In addition, the substitution of generic drugs for the
brand prescribed and introduction of additional forms of already marketed established products by generic or branded competitors may increase competitive pressures.  

 


 


Diagnostic Products   

         These products include a broad line of diagnostic systems and tests manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are generally
marketed and sold directly to blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories, clinics, physicians' offices, government agencies, alternate care
testing sites, and plasma protein therapeutic companies from Abbott owned distribution centers, public warehouses or third party distributors.  

         The
principal products included in the Diagnostic Products segment are: 

 
 
 •  core laboratory systems in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, and transfusion, including the Alinity® family
of instruments, ARCHITECT®, ABBOTT PRISM®, and Cell-Dyn®, with assays used for screening and/or diagnosis for cancer, cardiac, metabolics, drugs of abuse,
fertility, general chemistries, infectious diseases such as hepatitis and HIV, and therapeutic drug monitoring;  
 •  molecular diagnostics systems, including the m2000™, an instrument that automates the extraction, purification, and preparation of
DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detects and measures infectious agents including HIV, HBV, HCV, HPV, and CT/NG; and the Vysis® FISH product line of genomic-based tests;    
 •  point of care systems, including the i-STAT® and next-generation i-STAT® Alinity® and cartridges for blood
analysis;  
 •  rapid diagnostics systems in the areas of infectious disease, including respiratory illness such as influenza, HIV, and tropical diseases such
as malaria and dengue fever; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, including the m-PIMA™ HIV-1/2 Viral Load Test, and for influenza A & B, RSV and strep A, including the ID
NOW™ rapid molecular system; cardiometabolic testing, including Afinion® and Cholestech™ platforms and tests; a toxicology business for drug and alcohol testing;
and remote patient monitoring and consumer self-testing; and  
 •  informatics and automation solutions for use in laboratories, including laboratory automation systems, the RALS point of care solution, and
AlinIQ™, a suite of informatics tools and professional services.  
 

         The
Diagnostic Products segment's products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, instrument warranty provisions, product
performance, laboratory efficiency, long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid
product obsolescence or regulatory changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors
introduce new products.  

 2 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Nutritional Products   

         These products include a broad line of pediatric and adult nutritional products manufactured, marketed, and sold worldwide. These products are
generally marketed and sold directly to consumers and to institutions, wholesalers, retailers, health care facilities, government agencies, and third-party distributors from Abbott-owned distribution
centers or third-party distributors.  

         The
principal products included in the Nutritional Products segment are: 

 
 
 •  various forms of prepared infant formula and follow-on formula, including Similac®, Similac Pro-Advance®,
Similac® Advance®, Similac® Advance® Non-GMO, Similac Pro-Sensitive®, Similac Sensitive®, Similac Sensitive®
Non-GMO, Go&Grow by Similac®, Similac® NeoSure®, Similac® Organic, Similac® Special Care®, Similac Total Comfort®,
Similac® For Supplementation, Isomil® Advance®, Isomil®, Alimentum®, Gain™, Grow™, Similac En Mei Li™,
and Eleva™;  
 •  adult and other pediatric nutritional products, including Ensure®, Ensure Plus®, Ensure®
Enlive®, Ensure® (with NutriVigor®), Ensure® Max Protein, Ensure® High Protein, Glucerna®, Glucerna Hunger Smart®,
ProSure®, PediaSure®, PediaSure SideKicks®, PediaSure® Peptide, EleCare®, Juven®, Abound®, Pedialyte®
and Zone Perfect®; and  
 •  nutritional products used in enteral feeding in health care institutions, including Jevity®, Glucerna® 1.2 Cal,
Glucerna® 1.5 Cal, Osmolite®, Oxepa®, Freego® (Enteral Pump) and Freego® sets, Nepro®, and Vital®.  
 

         Primary
marketing efforts for nutritional products are directed toward consumers or to securing the recommendation of Abbott's brand of products by physicians or other health care
professionals. In addition, certain nutritional products sold as Similac®, Gain™, Grow™, Eleva™, PediaSure®, PediaSure
SideKicks®, Pedialyte®, Ensure®, Zone Perfect®, and Glucerna® are also promoted directly to the public by consumer marketing efforts in
select markets where appropriate.  

         Competition
for nutritional products in the segment is generally from other diversified consumer and health care manufacturers. Competitive factors include consumer advertising,
formulation, packaging, scientific innovation, price, retail distribution, and availability of product forms. A significant aspect of competition is the search for ingredient innovations. The
introduction of new products by competitors, changes in medical practices and procedures, and regulatory changes can result in product obsolescence. In addition, private label and local manufacturers'
products may increase competitive pressure.  

 


 


Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products   

         These products include a broad line of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular and structural heart devices for the
treatment of cardiovascular diseases, as well as neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. These products are manufactured, marketed and sold worldwide. In the
United States, these products are generally marketed and sold directly to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, and physicians' offices from Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses.
Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served.  

         The
principal products included in the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment are: 

 
 
 •  rhythm management products, including Assurity MRI® and Endurity MRI® pacemaker systems; Ellipse® and
Fortify Assura® implantable cardioverter defibrillators and Quadra Assura MP® implantable cardioverter defibrillator with cardiac resynchronization therapy and
MultiPoint® Pacing technology;  
 •  electrophysiology products, including the TactiCath® family of ablation catheters and FlexAbility® irrigated ablation
catheters; Ampere® RF ablation generator; and EnSite Precision® cardiac  
 
 3 

 
 
 
   
 
 

 mapping
system; Confirm Rx® implantable cardiac monitor; and the Advisor® HD Grid mapping catheter;  

 
 
 •  heart failure related products, including the HeartMate™ left ventricular device family and the CardioMEMS® HF System
pulmonary artery sensor, a heart failure monitoring system;  
 •  vascular products, including the XIENCE™ family of drug-eluting coronary stent systems developed on the Multi-Link
Vision® platform; StarClose SE® and Perclose ProGlide® vessel closure devices, TREK® coronary balloon dilatation products, Hi-Torque Balance
Middleweight Universal II® guidewires, Supera® Peripheral Stent System, a peripheral vascular stent system; Acculink®/Accunet® and
Xact®/Emboshield NAV6®, carotid stent systems; and the OPTIS® integrated system with the Dragonfly OPTIS® imaging catheter and PressureWire®
fractional flow reserve measurement systems;  
 •  structural heart products, including MitraClip®, a percutaneous mitral valve repair system; Trifecta® Valve with
Glide™ Technology, a surgical tissue heart valve; Portico® transcatheter aortic heart valve, Regent™ mechanical heart valve, and AMPLATZER® PFO
occluders; and  
 •  neuromodulation products, including spinal cord stimulators Proclaim™ Elite Recharge-free IPG and Prodigy MRI® IPG,
both with BurstDR® stimulation, and Proclaim® DRG IPG, a neurostimulation device designed for dorsal root ganglion therapy, for the treatment of chronic pain disorders; and the
Infinity® Deep Brain Stimulation System with directional lead technology for the treatment of movement disorders.  
 

         The
Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment's products are subject to competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, product performance,
long-term supply contracts, and product potential for overall cost-effectiveness and productivity gains. Some products in this segment can be subject to rapid product obsolescence or regulatory
changes. Although Abbott has benefited from technological advantages of certain of its current products, these advantages may be reduced or eliminated as competitors introduce new products.  

 


 


Other Products   

         The principal products in Abbott's other businesses include continuous glucose and blood glucose monitoring systems, including test strips,
sensors, data management decision software, and accessories for people with diabetes, under the FreeStyle® brand such as the FreeStyle Libre® system. These products are
marketed worldwide and generally sold directly to wholesalers, government agencies, private health care organizations, health care facilities, mail order pharmacies, and independent retailers from
Abbott-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Some of these products are also marketed and distributed through distributors. Blood and continuous glucose monitoring systems are also
marketed and sold to consumers. These products are subject to regulatory changes and competition in technological innovation, price, convenience of use, service, and product performance.  

   
   
   INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO ABBOTT'S BUSINESS IN GENERAL          

 


 


Sources and Availability of Raw Materials   

         Abbott purchases, in the ordinary course of business, raw materials and supplies essential to Abbott's operations from numerous suppliers in the
United States and around the world. There have been no recent significant availability problems or supply shortages for raw materials or supplies.  

 


 


Patents, Trademarks, and Licenses   


         Abbott is aware of the desirability for patent and trademark protection for its products. Accordingly, where possible, patents and trademarks
are sought and obtained for Abbott's products in the United States  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 and
countries of interest to Abbott. Abbott owns or has licenses under a substantial number of patents and patent applications. Principal trademarks and the products they cover are discussed in the
Narrative Description of Business on pages 1 through 4. These, and various patents which expire during the period 2019 to 2039, in the aggregate, are believed to be of material importance in
the operation of Abbott's business. Abbott believes that no single patent, license, or trademark is material in relation to Abbott's business as a whole.  

 


 


Seasonal Aspects, Customers, Backlog, and Renegotiation   

         There are no significant seasonal aspects to Abbott's business. Abbott has no single customer that, if the customer were lost, would have a
material adverse effect on Abbott. Orders for Abbott's products are generally filled on a current basis, and order backlog is not material to Abbott's business. No material portion of Abbott's
business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts at the election of a government.  

 


 


Environmental Matters   

         Abbott believes that its operations comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations concerning environmental protection.
Regulations under federal and state environmental laws impose stringent limitations on emissions and discharges to the environment from various manufacturing operations. Abbott's capital and operating
expenditures for pollution control in 2018 were not material and are not expected to be material in 2019.  


         Abbott
has been identified as one of many potentially responsible parties in investigations and/or remediations at several locations in the United States, including Puerto Rico, under
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund. Abbott is also engaged in remediation at several other sites, some of which are owned by Abbott,
in cooperation with the Environmental Protection Agency or similar agencies. While it is not feasible to predict with certainty the final costs related to those investigations and remediation
activities, Abbott believes that such costs, together with other expenditures to maintain compliance with applicable laws and
regulations concerning environmental protection, should not have a material adverse effect on Abbott's financial position, cash flows, or results of operations.  

 


 


Employees   

         Abbott employed approximately 103,000 people as of December 31, 2018.  

 


 


Regulation   

         The development, manufacture, marketing, sale, promotion, and distribution of Abbott's products are subject to comprehensive government
regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and similar international regulatory agencies. Government regulation by various international, supranational, federal and state agencies addresses
(among other matters) the development and approval to market Abbott's products, as well as the inspection of, and controls over, research and laboratory procedures, clinical investigations, product
approvals and manufacturing, labeling, packaging, supply chains, marketing and promotion, pricing and reimbursement, sampling, distribution, quality control, post-market surveillance, record keeping,
storage, and disposal practices. In addition, Abbott's clinical laboratories and associated testing services are subject to comprehensive government regulation, including registration, certification,
and licensure, by federal, state, and local agencies, such as the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services
Administration, and their respective foreign counterparts. Certain of these agencies require our clinical laboratories to meet quality assurance, quality control, and personnel standards and undergo
inspections.  

 5 

 
 
 
   

         Abbott's
international operations are also affected by trade and investment regulations in many countries. These may require local investment, restrict Abbott's investments, or limit the
import of raw materials and finished products.  

         Abbott's
home monitoring services and related products and laboratories that provide Abbott and third-party medical devices to consumers in the United States are subject to additional
federal, state, and local laws and regulations applicable to health care providers and suppliers that submit claims for
reimbursement to third-party payors. Medicare, Medicaid, and other third-party payors may from time to time conduct inquiries, claims audits, investigations, and enforcement actions relating to the
claims or enrollment criteria.  

         Abbott
is subject to laws and regulations pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including state and federal anti-kickback, anti-self-referral, and false claims laws in the United
States. Prescription drug, nutrition, and medical device manufacturers such as Abbott are also subject to taxes, as well as application, product, user, establishment, and other fees. Governmental
agencies can also invalidate intellectual property rights.  

         Compliance
with these laws and regulations is costly and materially affects Abbott's business. Among other effects, health care regulations substantially increase the time, difficulty,
and costs incurred in obtaining and maintaining approval to market newly developed and existing products. Abbott expects this regulatory environment will continue to require significant technical
expertise and investment to ensure compliance. Failure to comply can delay the release of a new product or result in regulatory and enforcement actions, the seizure or recall of a product, the
suspension or revocation of the authority necessary for a product's production and sale, suspension or revocation of billing privileges, and other civil or criminal sanctions, including fines and
penalties. Similarly, compliance with the laws and regulations governing clinical laboratories and testing services requires specialized expertise. Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements
can result in sanctions, including suspension, revocation, or limitation of a laboratory's certification, which is necessary to conduct business, as well as significant fines or criminal penalties.  

         Abbott's
business can also be affected by ongoing studies of the utilization, safety, efficacy, and outcomes of health care products and their components that are regularly conducted by
industry participants, government agencies, and others. These studies can call into question the utilization, safety, and efficacy of previously marketed products. In some cases, these studies have
resulted, and may in the future result, in the discontinuation of marketing of such products in one or more countries, and may give rise to claims for damages from persons who believe they have been
injured as a result of their use.  

         Access
to human health care products continues to be a subject of investigation and action by governmental agencies, legislative bodies, and private organizations in many countries. A
major focus is cost containment. Efforts to reduce health care costs are also being made in the private sector, notably by health care payors and providers, which have instituted various cost
reduction and containment measures. Abbott expects insurers and providers will continue attempts to reduce the cost or utilization of health care products. Many countries control the price of health
care products directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing, or coverage limitations. Budgetary pressures on health care payors may also heighten the scope and severity of pricing
pressures on Abbott's products for the foreseeable future.  

         In
the United States, the federal government regularly evaluates reimbursement for medical devices, diagnostics, supplies, and other products, as well as the procedures in which these
products may be used. The government follows a diagnosis-related group (DRG) payment system for certain institutional
services provided under Medicare or Medicaid and has implemented a prospective payment system (PPS) for services delivered in hospital outpatient, nursing home, and home health settings. DRG and PPS
entitle a health care facility to a fixed reimbursement based on the diagnosis and/or procedure rather than actual costs incurred in patient treatment, thereby increasing the incentive for the
facility to limit or control expenditures for many health care products. Other payment methodology changes have been proposed and  

 6 

 
 
 
   

 implemented
from time to time. For example, Medicare implemented a competitive bidding system for certain durable medical equipment (including diabetes products), enteral nutrition products, and
supplies. Additionally, the Protecting Access to Medicare Act establishes a new payment system for clinical laboratory tests, which became effective on January 1, 2018.  

         In
2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (together, the Affordable Care Act), imposed an excise tax on
Abbott and other medical device manufacturers and importers. The excise tax was subsequently suspended from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2017 as part of the Consolidated
Appropriations Act of 2016. In January 2018, the excise tax was suspended for an additional two years.  

         The
Affordable Care Act also includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, and medical supplies covered under Medicare
and Medicaid to record any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and to report this data to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services for subsequent public disclosure. In
October 2018, the Substance Use Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act significantly expanded the types of healthcare providers for which
reporting is required, beginning with reports filed in 2022. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level domestically, and an increasing number of governments worldwide
either have adopted or are considering similar laws requiring transparency of interactions with health care professionals. Failure to report appropriate data may result in civil or criminal fines
and/or penalties.  

         Policy
changes, including potential modification or repeal of all or parts of the Affordable Care Act, or implementation of new health care legislation, could result in significant
changes to the health care system.  

         The
regulation of data privacy and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information and financial information),
is increasing. For example, the European Union has enacted stricter data protection laws, which took effect in 2018, that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance. Similarly, the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected health information,
and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries have issued or are considering "data localization"
laws, which limit companies' ability to transfer protected data across country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in enforcement actions, which
could include civil or criminal penalties. Transferring and managing protected information will become more challenging as laws and regulations are enacted or amended, and Abbott expects there will be
increasing complexity in this area.  

         Governmental
cost containment efforts also affect Abbott's nutritional products business. In the United States, for example, under regulations governing the federally funded Special
Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, all states must have a cost containment program for infant formula. As a result, through competitive bidding states obtain rebates from
manufacturers of infant formula whose products are used in the program.  

         Abbott
expects debate to continue at all government levels worldwide over the marketing, manufacture, availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services,
as well as data privacy and security. Abbott believes that future legislation and regulation in the markets it serves could affect access to health care products and services, increase rebates, reduce
prices or reimbursements or the rate of price increases for health care products and services, change health care delivery systems, create new fees and obligations for the pharmaceutical, nutrition,
diagnostic, and medical device industries, or require additional reporting and disclosure. It is not possible to predict the extent to which Abbott or the health care industry in general might be
affected by the matters discussed above.  

 7 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   INTERNET INFORMATION          

         Copies of Abbott's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through Abbott's investor relations website
( www.abbottinvestor.com ) as soon as reasonably practicable after Abbott electronically files the material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and
Exchange Commission. These reports and other information are also available, free of charge, at www.sec.gov.  

         Abbott's
corporate governance guidelines, outline of directorship qualifications, code of business conduct and the charters of Abbott's audit committee, compensation committee,
nominations and
governance committee, and public policy committee are all available on Abbott's investor relations website ( www.abbottinvestor.com ).  

 8 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 

   
       ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS          


         In addition to the other information in this report, the following risk factors should be considered before deciding to invest in any of
Abbott's securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Abbott, or risks Abbott currently considers immaterial, could also affect Abbott's actual results. Abbott's business,
financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.  

 


 


Abbott may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose
of or spin-off businesses, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.   


         Abbott may pursue acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of or spin-off some of its businesses, as part of
its business strategy. Abbott may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. If Abbott is successful in making
an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. Abbott may not be able
to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently, and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities.
Abbott could also experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for
impairment of long-term assets. These effects could cause a deterioration of Abbott's credit rating, result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense, and decrease liquidity.  

 


 


Abbott is subject to cost containment efforts that could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating
income.   

         In the United States and other countries, Abbott's businesses have experienced downward pressure on product pricing. Cost containment efforts by
governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in the section captioned "Regulation." To the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater patient access to
health care or other factors, Abbott's future revenues and operating income will be reduced.  

 


 


Abbott is subject to numerous governmental regulations and it can be costly to comply with these regulations
and to develop compliant products and processes.   

         Abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and numerous international, supranational,
federal, and state authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug, medical device, or diagnostic product can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be
granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain, approvals for future products, or new
indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues, and substantial additional costs.  

         In
addition, no assurance can be given that Abbott will remain in compliance with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements once approval or marketing authorization has been
obtained for a product. These requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling, and advertising and postmarketing reporting, including adverse
event reports and field alerts. Many of Abbott's facilities and procedures and those of Abbott's suppliers are subject to ongoing regulation, including periodic inspection by the FDA and other
regulatory authorities. Abbott must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. Possible regulatory actions for non-compliance could include warning
letters, fines, damages, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls, seizures of Abbott's products, and criminal prosecution.  

 9 

 
 
 
   

         These
actions could result in, among other things, substantial modifications to Abbott's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls, or seizures of Abbott's products; a total or
partial shutdown of production in one or more facilities while Abbott or Abbott's suppliers remedy the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future pre-market approvals or marketing
authorizations; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. Any of these events could disrupt Abbott's business and have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues,
profitability and financial condition.  

 


 


Laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on Abbott, require
Abbott to change its business practices, and restrict its operations in the future.   

         Abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit
program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and international and individual state laws relating to pricing
and sales and marketing practices. Violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from
participation in government health care programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans Administration health programs in the U.S. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are
subject to evolving interpretations, which could require Abbott to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. In addition,
violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt Abbott's business and result in a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues, profitability, and financial condition.  

 


 


Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business.   

         Both in the U.S. and internationally, government authorities may enact changes in regulatory requirements, make legislative or administrative
reforms to existing reimbursement programs, make adverse decisions relating to our products' coverage or reimbursement, or make changes to patient access to health care, all of which could adversely
impact the demand for and usage of Abbott's products or the prices that Abbott's customers are willing to pay for them.  

         Further,
in the U.S., a number of the provisions of the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 address access to
health care products and services and establish certain fees for the medical device industry. These provisions may be modified, repealed, or otherwise invalidated, in whole or in part. Future
rulemaking could affect rebates, prices or the rate of price increases for health care products and services, or required reporting and disclosure. Abbott cannot predict the timing or impact of any
future rulemaking or changes in the law.  

         For
additional information concerning health care regulation, see the discussion in "Regulation" under Item 1, "Business."  

 


 


Abbott has incurred and assumed significant indebtedness, which has increased consolidated interest expense
and could decrease business flexibility.   

         Abbott incurred and assumed significant indebtedness in connection with the 2017 acquisitions of St. Jude Medical and Alere. As of
December 31, 2018, Abbott's consolidated indebtedness was approximately $19.6 billion. This consolidated indebtedness increased Abbott's consolidated interest expense and could have the
effect, among other things, of reducing Abbott's flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, and reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes.  

         Further,
Abbott may be required to raise additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, future acquisitions or other general corporate purposes. Abbott's ability to
arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, Abbott's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's
control.  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 Consequently,
Abbott cannot assure that it will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to Abbott or at all, which could adversely impact Abbott's ability to make
scheduled payments with respect to its consolidated indebtedness and its profitability and financial condition.  


         Additionally,
further borrowing could cause a deterioration of Abbott's credit rating. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's then opinion of Abbott's financial
strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. Adverse changes in Abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term
borrowing facilities and may limit financing options, including access to the unsecured borrowing market. Abbott may also be subject to additional restrictive covenants that would reduce flexibility.  

 


 


Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a
cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations.   

         Similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both
its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. These systems have been
and are expected to continue to be the target of malware and other cyber attacks. In addition, third party hacking attempts may cause Abbott's information technology systems and related products,
protected data, or proprietary information to be compromised. A significant attack or other disruption could result in adverse consequences, including increased costs and expenses, problems with
product functionality, damage to customer relations, lost revenue, and legal or regulatory penalties.  

         Abbott
also collects, manages and processes protected personal data, including protected health information, in connection with certain medical products and service offerings. For
additional information concerning data privacy and security regulation, see the discussion in "Regulation" under Item 1, "Business." A breach of protected personal information could result in
adverse consequences, including regulatory inquiries or litigation, increased costs and expenses, reputational damage, lost revenue, and fines or penalties.  


         Abbott
invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on
an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future
attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in
the future. Any significant attack or other disruption on Abbott's systems or products could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's business.  

 


 


The expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may affect Abbott's future revenues and operating
income.   

         Many of Abbott's businesses rely on patent and trademark and other intellectual property protection. Although most of the challenges to Abbott's
intellectual property have come from other companies, governments may also challenge intellectual property protections. To the extent Abbott's intellectual property is successfully challenged,
invalidated, or circumvented or to the extent it does not allow Abbott to compete effectively, Abbott's businesses could suffer. To the extent that countries do not enforce Abbott's intellectual
property rights, Abbott's future revenues and operating income could be reduced. Any material litigation regarding Abbott's patents and trademarks is described in the section captioned "Legal
Proceedings."  

 11 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Competitors' intellectual property may prevent Abbott from selling its products or have a material adverse
effect on Abbott's future profitability and financial condition.   

         Competitors may claim that an Abbott product infringes upon their intellectual property. Resolving an intellectual property infringement claim
can be costly and time consuming and may require Abbott to enter into license agreements. Abbott cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. A
successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject Abbott to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale or use of affected Abbott products.
Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's profitability and financial condition.  

 


 


Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and
technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline.   

         To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. To accomplish this, Abbott commits substantial efforts,
funds, and other resources to research and development. A risk of failure is inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott must make ongoing substantial
expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including after significant funds have been invested.  

         Promising
new products and technologies may fail to reach the market or may only have limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive
clinical outcomes, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, failure to establish or maintain intellectual property rights, or
infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. Even if Abbott successfully develops new products or enhancements or new generations of Abbott's existing products, they may be quickly
rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. Innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things,
entrenched patterns of clinical practice or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Abbott cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched,
whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. Failure to launch successful new products or
technologies, or new indications or uses for existing products, may cause Abbott's products or technologies to become obsolete, causing Abbott's revenues and operating results to suffer.  

 


 


New products and technological advances by Abbott's competitors may negatively affect Abbott's results of
operations.   

         Abbott's products face intense competition from its competitors' products. Competitors' products may be safer, more effective, more effectively
marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than Abbott's products. Abbott cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction of competitors' products.  


 


 


The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if Abbott or one
of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing products, Abbott's business could suffer.   

         The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. Problems
may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, natural disasters, and
environmental factors. In addition, single suppliers are currently used for certain products and materials. If problems arise during the production of a lot or batch of product, those products may
have to be discarded. This could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause,  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 similar
losses with respect to other lots, batches or products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred. To
the extent Abbott or one of its suppliers experiences significant manufacturing problems, this could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues and profitability.  


 


 


Significant safety concerns could arise for Abbott's products, which could have a material adverse effect on
Abbott's revenues and financial condition.   

         Health care products typically receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. Following
regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. Investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. If new safety issues are
reported, Abbott may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. For example, Abbott may be required to provide additional warnings on a product's label or narrow its approved intended
use, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. If serious safety issues arise with an Abbott product, sales of the product could be halted by Abbott or by regulatory authorities.
Safety issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of Abbott's products.  

         In
addition, in the ordinary course of business, Abbott is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that its products or the products of other companies that Abbott
promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. Product liability claims and lawsuits, safety alerts or product recalls, and other allegations of product
safety or quality issues,
regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on Abbott's business and reputation and on Abbott's ability to attract and retain customers. Consequences may also
include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the products, lower income or exposure to other claims. Product liability losses are self-insured. Product liability claims could have a
material adverse effect on Abbott's profitability and financial condition.  

 


 


Fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial statements and Abbott's
ability to realize projected sales and earnings.   

         Although Abbott's financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, a significant portion of Abbott's revenues and costs are realized in
other currencies. Sales outside of the United States in 2018 made up approximately 65 percent of Abbott's net sales. Abbott's profitability is affected by movement of the U.S. dollar against
other currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies may also affect the reported value of Abbott's assets and liabilities, as well as its cash flows. Some
foreign currencies are subject to government exchange controls. While Abbott enters into hedging arrangements to mitigate some of its foreign currency exposure, Abbott cannot predict with any
certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or its ability to mitigate these risks.  

         Information
on the impact of foreign exchange rates on Abbott's financial results is contained in the "Financial Review — Results of Operations" section in
Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report. A discussion of the steps taken to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange is
contained in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in Abbott's 2018 Form 10-K. Information on Abbott's hedging arrangements is contained in Note 12
to the consolidated financial statements in this report.  

 


 


Deterioration in the economic condition and credit quality of certain countries may negatively affect
Abbott's results of operations.   

         Unfavorable economic conditions in certain countries may increase the time it takes to collect outstanding trade receivables. Financial
instability and fiscal deficits in these countries may result in additional austerity measures to reduce costs, including health care. Deterioration in the quality of  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 sovereign
debt, including credit downgrades, could increase Abbott's collection risk where a significant amount of Abbott's receivables in these countries are with governmental health care systems or
where Abbott's customers depend on payment by government health care systems.  


 


 


The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its
revenue and profitability to decline.   

         Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally. Sales outside of the
United States in 2018 made up approximately 65 percent of Abbott's net sales. Additional risks associated with Abbott's international operations
include: 

 
 
 •  differing local product preferences and product requirements;  
 •  trade protection measures, including tariffs, import or export licensing requirements, and changes to international trade agreements;    
 •  difficulty in establishing, staffing, and managing operations;  
 •  differing labor regulations;  
 •  potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;  
 •  political and economic instability, including sovereign debt issues;  
 •  restrictions on local currency conversion and/or cash extraction;  
 •  price controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization, and other governmental action;    
 •  inflation, recession, and fluctuations in interest rates;  
 •  diminished protection of intellectual property; and  
 •  potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and other similar laws and regulations,
including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act.  
 

 Events
contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues and profitability.  


 


 


Other factors can have a material adverse effect on Abbott's future profitability and financial condition.   

         Many other factors can affect Abbott's profitability and its financial condition, including: 

 
 
 •  changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product marketing
application standards, product labeling, source and use laws, and environmental laws;  
 •  differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pensions, retiree health
care, stock compensation, intangibles, goodwill, and contingent consideration; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the
minimum, compared to the actual amount;  
 •  changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities, and supplies), interest rates, market value of Abbott's
equity investments, and the performance of investments held by Abbott or Abbott's employee benefit trusts;  
 •  changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to Abbott or Abbott's employee benefit
trusts;  
 
 14 

 
 
 
   
 
 
 •  changes in business, economic, and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future
terrorist activity and related military action; global climate, extreme weather and natural disasters; widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases, the cost and availability of insurance due to any of
the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups;  
 •  changes in Abbott's business units and investments and changes in the relative and absolute contribution of each to earnings and cash flow
resulting from evolving business strategies, changing product mix, changes in tax laws or tax rates both in the U.S. and abroad and opportunities existing now or in the future;    
 •  changes in the buying patterns of a major distributor, retailer, or wholesale customer resulting from buyer purchasing decisions, pricing,
seasonality, or other factors, or other problems with licensors, suppliers, distributors, and business partners; and  
 •  legal difficulties, any of which could preclude or delay commercialization of products or adversely affect profitability, including claims
asserting statutory or regulatory violations, and adverse litigation decisions.  
 
   
   
   CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS          

         This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates, and projections. Words
such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "forecasts," variations of these words, and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking
statements. Certain factors, including but not limited to those identified under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K, may cause actual results to differ materially from current
expectations, estimates, projections, forecasts, and from past results. No assurance can be made that any expectation, estimate, or projection contained in a forward-looking statement will be achieved
or will not be affected by the factors cited above or other future events. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent
events or developments, except as required by law.   

   
       ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

         None.  

 15 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 

   
       ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES          


         As of December 31, 2018, Abbott owned or leased properties totaling approximately 42 million square feet, of which approximately
70% is owned by Abbott. Abbott's principal corporate offices are located in Illinois and are owned by Abbott.  

         Abbott
operates 94 manufacturing facilities globally. Abbott's facilities are deemed suitable and provide adequate productive capacity. The manufacturing facilities are used by Abbott's
reportable segments as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Reportable Segments

 

  
   
 Manufacturing 
Sites  
   
 
 
   Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products 
   
   
 25 
   
 
 
   Diagnostic Products 
   
   
 23 
   
 
 
   Established Pharmaceutical Products 
   
   
 30 
   
 
 
   Nutritional Products 
   
   
 14 
   
 
 
   Non-Reportable 
   
   
 2  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Worldwide Total 
   
   
 94  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Abbott's
research and development facilities in the United States are primarily located in California, Illinois, Minnesota, New Jersey, and Ohio. Abbott also has research and development
facilities in various other countries, including China, Colombia, India, Singapore, Spain, and the United Kingdom.  


         There
are no material encumbrances on the properties.   

   
       ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          

         Abbott is involved in various claims, legal proceedings and investigations. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of such pending
claims, proceedings and investigations with certainty, management is of the opinion that their ultimate resolution should not have a material adverse effect on Abbott's financial position, cash flows,
or results of operations.   

   
       ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          

         Not applicable.  

 16 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   
   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT          

         Executive officers of Abbott are elected annually by the board of directors. All other officers are elected by the board or appointed by the
chairman of the board. All officers are either elected at the first meeting of the board of directors held after the annual shareholder meeting or appointed by the chairman after that board meeting.
Each officer holds office until a successor has been duly elected or appointed and qualified or until the officer's death, resignation, or removal. Vacancies may be filled at any time by the board.
Any officer may be removed by the board of directors when, in its judgment, removal would serve the best interests of Abbott. Any officer appointed by the chairman of the board may be removed by the
chairman whenever, in the chairman's judgment, removal would serve the best interests of Abbott. A vacancy in any office appointed by the chairman of the board may be filled by the chairman.  


         Abbott's
executive officers, their ages as of February 22, 2019, and the dates of their first election as officers of Abbott are listed below. The executive officers' principal
occupations and employment for the past five years and the year of appointment to the earliest reported office are also shown. Unless otherwise stated, employment was by Abbott. There are no family
relationships between any corporate officers or directors.  

 



 


Miles D. White, 63   

 

 1999
to present — Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Director.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 1993.  

 

 


 


Robert B. Ford, 45   

 

 2018
to present — President and Chief Operating Officer.  


 2015
to 2018 — Executive Vice President, Medical Devices.  

 2014
to 2015 — Senior Vice President, Diabetes Care.  

 2008
to 2014 — Vice President, Diabetes Care, Commercial Operations.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2008.  

 

 


 


Hubert L. Allen, 53   

 

 2013
to present — Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2012.  

 

 


 


Brian J. Blaser, 54   

 

 2012
to present — Executive Vice President, Diagnostics Products.  


 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2008.  

 

 


 


John M. Capek, 57   

 

 2015
to present — Executive Vice President, Ventures.  

 2007
to 2015 — Executive Vice President, Medical Devices.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2006.  

 
 17 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Stephen R. Fussell, 61   

 

 2013
to present — Executive Vice President, Human Resources.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 1999.  

 

 


 


Andrew H. Lane, 48   

 

 2017
to present — Executive Vice President, Established Pharmaceuticals.  

 2015
to 2017 — Senior Vice President, Established Pharmaceuticals, Emerging Markets.  

 2014
to 2015 — Divisional Vice President, Established Pharmaceuticals, Asia Pacific.  

 2011
to 2014 — Vice President, Asia Pacific, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (a Japanese pharmaceutical company).  


 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2015.  

 

 


 


Daniel Salvadori, 40   

 

 2017
to present — Executive Vice President, Nutritional Products.  

 2014
to 2017 — Senior Vice President, Established Pharmaceuticals, Latin America.  

 2013
to 2014 — Chief Executive Officer, Latin America, CFR Pharmaceuticals S.A. (a Latin American pharmaceutical company).  


 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2014.  

 

 


 


Brian B. Yoor, 49   

 

 2017
to present — Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  

 2015
to 2017 — Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  

 2013
to 2015 — Vice President, Investor Relations.  


 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2013.  

 

 


 


Roger M. Bird, 62   

 

 2015
to present — Senior Vice President, U.S. Nutrition.  

 2009
to 2015 — Divisional Vice President and General Manager, China and Hong Kong, Nutritional Products.  


 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2015.  

 

 


 


Sharon J. Bracken, 48   

 

 2017
to present — Senior Vice President, Rapid Diagnostics.  

 2013
to 2017 — Vice President, Diagnostics, Abbott Point of Care.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2013.  

 
 18 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Charles R. Brynelsen, 62   

 

 2017
to present — Senior Vice President, Abbott Vascular.  

 2016
to 2017 — Managing Director, CB Business Advisors, Inc. (a medical device consulting firm).  

 2015
to 2016 — Senior Vice President and President, Medtronic Early Technologies, Medtronic plc (a global medical device company).  

 2013
to 2015 — President, Early Technologies, Covidien plc (a global healthcare products company).  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2017.  

 

 


 


Jaime Contreras, 62   

 


 2013
to present — Senior Vice President, Core Laboratory Diagnostics, Commercial Operations.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2003.  

 

 


 


Robert E. Funck, 57   

 

 2018
to present — Senior Vice President, Finance and Controller.  

 2013
to 2018 — Vice President, Controller.  


 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2005.  

 

 


 


Sammy Karam, 57   

 

 2019
to present — Senior Vice President, Established Pharmaceuticals, Emerging Markets.  

 2014
to 2019 — Divisional Vice President, Global Marketing Commercial Execution, Established Pharmaceuticals.  

 2010
to 2014 — Regional Director Southern Europe, Russia, Ukraine, CIS, Australia and New Zealand, Omega Pharma NV (a Belgian healthcare products company).  


 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2019.  

 

 


 


Joseph Manning, 50   

 

 2017
to present — Senior Vice President, International Nutrition.  

 2015
to 2017 — Vice President, Nutrition, Asia Pacific.  

 2014
to 2015 — General Manager, Indonesia, Nutritional Products.  


 2009
to 2014 — General Manager, Russia, Nutritional Products.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2015.  

 

 


 


Michael J. Pederson, 57   

 

 2017
to present — Senior Vice President, CRM and AF/EP.  

 2015
to 2017 — Divisional Vice President and General Manager, Abbott Electrophysiology.  


 2011
to 2015 — Chief Executive Officer, VytronUS, Inc. (a medical device company focused on developing electrophysiology technologies).  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2017.  

 
 19 

 
 
 
   

 



 


Jared L. Watkin, 51   

 

 2015
to present — Senior Vice President, Diabetes Care.  

 2010
to 2015 — Divisional Vice President, Technical Operations, Diabetes Care.  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2015.  

 

 


 


Alejandro D. Wellisch, 44   

 

 2017
to present — Senior Vice President, Established Pharmaceuticals, Latin America.  

 2014
to 2017 — General Manager, Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay and Uruguay, Established Pharmaceuticals.  

 2012
to 2014 — General Manager, Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay and Uruguay, CFR Pharmaceuticals S.A. (a Latin American pharmaceutical company).  

 Elected
Corporate Officer — 2017.  

 
 20 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   
   PART II          

   
       ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          


 


 


Principal Market   

         The principal market for Abbott's common shares is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "ABT." Shares are also listed on the Chicago
Stock Exchange and traded on various regional and electronic exchanges. Outside the United States, Abbott's shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.  

 


 


Shareholders   


         There were 42,827 shareholders of record of Abbott common shares as of December 31, 2018.  

 


 


Tax Information for Shareholders   

         In 2001, the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity designated Abbott as an Illinois High Impact Business (HIB) for a period
not to exceed twenty years. Dividends paid by a corporation that is designated as a HIB and conducts business in a foreign trade zone may be eligible for a subtraction from base income for Illinois
income tax purposes. Abbott certified that the HIB requirements were met for the calendar year ending December 31, 2018.  

         If
you have any questions, please contact your tax advisor.  


 


 


Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Period

 

  
   
 (a) Total Number 
of Shares 
(or Units) 
Purchased  
   
 (b) Average Price 
Paid per Share 
(or Unit)  
   
 (c) Total Number of 
Shares (or Units) 
Purchased as Part of 
Publicly Announced 
Plans or Programs  
   
 (d) Maximum Number (or 
Approximate Dollar Value) of 
Shares (or Units) that May 
Yet Be Purchased Under the 
Plans or Programs  
   
 
 
   October 1, 2018 — October 31, 2018 
   
   
 0 
 (1) 
   
 — 
   
   
 0 
   
 
 
$ 
 925,131,209 
 (2) 
 
 
   November 1, 2018 — November 30, 2018 
   
   
 13,140 
 (1) 
 
 
$ 
 68.580 
   
   
 0 
   
 
 
$ 
 925,131,209 
 (2) 
 
 
   December 1, 2018 — December 31, 2018 
   
   
 1,886,483 
 (1) 
 
 
$ 
 68.856 
   
   
 1,886,483 
   
 
 
$ 
 795,235,049 
 (2) 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 1,899,623 
 (1) 
 
 
$ 
 68.854 
   
   
 1,886,483 
   
 
 
$ 
 795,235,049 
 (2) 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) These
shares include:
 
 
 (i) the
shares deemed surrendered to Abbott to pay the exercise price in connection with the exercise of employee stock options — 0 in October, 812 in
November, and 0 in December; and
 (ii) the
shares purchased on the open market for the benefit of participants in the Abbott Laboratories, Limited Employee Stock Purchase Plan — 0 in
October, 12,328 in November, and 0 in December.  
 
 

 These
shares do not include the shares surrendered to Abbott to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units.   

 
 
 (2) On
September 11, 2014, Abbott announced that its board of directors approved the purchase of up to $3 billion of its common shares, from time to time.  
  
  21 

 
 
 
   

   
       ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 2015  
   
 2014  
   
 
 
   Net sales (1) 
   
 
 
$ 
 30,578 
   
 
 
$ 
 27,390 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,853 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,405 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,247 
   
 
 
   Earnings from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 2,334 
   
   
 353 
   
   
 1,063 
   
   
 2,606 
   
   
 1,721 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 2,368 
   
   
 477 
   
   
 1,400 
   
   
 4,423 
   
   
 2,284 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per common share from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 1.32 
   
   
 0.20 
   
   
 0.71 
   
   
 1.73 
   
   
 1.13 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per common share 
   
   
 1.34 
   
   
 0.27 
   
   
 0.94 
   
   
 2.94 
   
   
 1.50 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 1.31 
   
   
 0.20 
   
   
 0.71 
   
   
 1.72 
   
   
 1.12 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per common share 
   
   
 1.33 
   
   
 0.27 
   
   
 0.94 
   
   
 2.92 
   
   
 1.49 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 67,173 
   
   
 76,250 
   
   
 52,666 
   
   
 41,247 
   
   
 41,207 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt, including current portion 
   
   
 19,366 
   
   
 27,718 
   
   
 20,684 
   
   
 5,874 
   
   
 3,448 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
   
   
 1.16 
   
   
 1.075 
   
   
 1.045 
   
   
 0.98 
   
   
 0.90 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Amounts
reflect Abbott's developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals, animal health and former research-based pharmaceuticals business as discontinued
operations.   
  
  22 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 

   
       ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          

   
       Financial Review          

         Abbott's revenues are derived primarily from the sale of a broad line of health care products under short-term receivable arrangements. Patent
protection and licenses, technological and performance features, and inclusion of Abbott's products under a contract most impact which products are sold; price controls, competition and rebates most
impact the net selling prices of products; and foreign currency translation impacts the measurement of net sales and costs. Abbott's primary products are cardiovascular and neuromodulation products,
diagnostic testing products,
nutritional products and branded generic pharmaceuticals. Sales in international markets comprise approximately 65 percent of consolidated net sales.  

         Over
the last several years, Abbott proactively shaped the company with the strategic intent to deliver sustainable growth in all of its businesses. Significant steps over the last three
years included: 

 
 
 •  In January 2017, Abbott acquired St. Jude Medical, Inc. (St. Jude Medical), a global medical device manufacturer, for
approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares, based on Abbott's closing stock price on the
acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, Abbott assumed, repaid or refinanced approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical's debt. The acquisition provided expanded opportunities
for future growth and is an important part of the company's effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the $30 billion global
cardiovascular device market, as well as in neuromodulation which treats chronic pain and movement disorders.  
 •  In October 2017, Abbott acquired Alere Inc. (Alere), a diagnostic device and service provider, for $51.00 per common share in cash,
which equated to a purchase price of approximately $4.5 billion. As part of the acquisition, Abbott also tendered for Alere's preferred shares for a total value of approximately
$0.7 billion and assumed and subsequently repaid approximately $3.0 billion of Alere's debt. The acquisition established Abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expanded Abbott's
global diagnostics presence and provided access to new products, channels and geographies.  
 •  In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for
$4.325 billion in cash and recognized an after-tax gain of $728 million. The operating results of AMO were included in Earnings from Continuing Operations up to the date of sale as the
business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations.  
 

         The
sales increase over the last three years reflects both the 2017 acquisitions of St. Jude Medical and Alere and volume growth across Abbott's businesses, most notably in the
Established Pharmaceuticals, Diabetes Care and Diagnostics businesses. Volume growth reflects the introduction of new products as well as higher sales of existing products. In 2017, the acquisitions
of St. Jude Medical and Alere, partially offset by the sale of AMO, contributed 26.5 percentage points of Abbott's total sales growth versus 2016. Sales in emerging markets, which
represent approximately 40 percent of total company
sales, increased 12.3 percent in 2018 and 13.9 percent in 2017, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. (Emerging markets include all countries except the United States, Western
Europe, Japan, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.)  

         Over
the last three years, Abbott's operating margin was positively impacted by margin improvements across various businesses, including Established Pharmaceuticals, Core Laboratory, and
Diabetes Care, partially offset by higher amortization and other costs associated with the acquisitions. In 2018, Abbott's operating margin increased by approximately 6 percentage points
primarily due to operating margin improvement in various businesses and lower inventory step-up amortization and integration costs associated with the acquisitions, partially offset by higher
intangible amortization. In 2017, Abbott's  

 23 

 
 
 
   

 operating
margin decreased by approximately 9 percentage points primarily due to costs associated with the acquisitions, including higher intangible amortization expense, inventory step-up
amortization and integration costs, partially offset by operating margin improvement in various businesses.  


         Since
the beginning of the first quarter of 2017, the results of Abbott's Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment include Abbott's historical Vascular Products segment and
St. Jude Medical from the date of acquisition. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment increased 4.9 percent in 2018
and 207.4 percent in 2017. The sales increase in 2018 was driven primarily by higher Structural Heart, Electrophysiology, and Neuromodulation sales. The sales increase in 2017 was driven by the
acquisition of St. Jude Medical. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment were
essentially unchanged in 2017 versus the prior year. In 2017, higher structural heart and endovascular sales were offset by lower coronary stent sales and the comparison impact from the favorable 2016
resolution of a third-party royalty agreement in Abbott's vascular business.  

         In
2018, operating earnings for this segment increased 9.9 percent. The operating margin profile declined from 35.8 percent of sales in 2016 to 31.7 percent in 2018
primarily due to the mix of business resulting from the acquisition of St. Jude Medical and ongoing pricing pressures in the coronary business. Cost improvement initiatives contributed to an
improvement in the operating margin profile from 30.5 percent in 2017 to 31.7 percent in 2018.  


         In
2018, the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment received approval or clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the following
products: 

 
 
 •  the Advisor® HD Grid Mapping Catheter, Sensor Enabled™, which creates highly detailed maps of the heart and expands
Abbott's electrophysiology product portfolio,  
 •  the next-generation version of Abbott's leading MitraClip® heart valve repair device,  
 •  the HeartMate 3® Left Ventricular Assist Device (LVAD) as a destination (long-term use) therapy, and    
 •  the XIENCE Sierra® Drug Eluting Stent System, which is the next generation of its drug-eluting coronary stent system. The XIENCE
Sierra Drug Eluting Stent System also received national reimbursement in Japan to treat people with coronary artery disease.  
 

         In
Abbott's worldwide diagnostics business, sales growth over the last three years reflected the acquisition of Alere in October 2017, as well as continued market penetration by the core
laboratory business in the U.S. and internationally. Alere's results are included in Abbott's Diagnostic Products reportable segment from the date of acquisition. Worldwide diagnostic sales increased
33.6 percent in 2018 and 16.7 percent in 2017, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Excluding the impact of the Alere acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign exchange, sales
in the Diagnostic Products segment increased 6.5 percent in 2018 and 5.5 percent in 2017. This growth includes the continued roll-out of Alinity®, which is Abbott's
integrated family of next-generation diagnostic systems and solutions that are designed to increase efficiency by running more tests in less space, generating test results faster and minimizing human
errors while continuing to provide quality results. Abbott has regulatory approvals in the U.S., Europe, China, and other markets for the "Alinity c" and "Alinity i" instruments for clinical chemistry
and immunoassay diagnostics, respectively. In 2018, Abbott accelerated the launch of Alinity in Europe and other international markets after a broad range of assays obtained regulatory approval and
were added to the test menu. Abbott also continued the roll-out of "Alinity s" for blood and plasma screening.  

         Margin
improvement continued to be a key focus for the Diagnostics business in 2018 and 2017. While operating margins of 24.9 percent of sales in 2018 have remained relatively
unchanged from the 24.8 percent of sales reported in 2016, this reflects dilution to the operating margin profit from the  

 24 

 
 
 
   

 acquisition
of Alere and the negative impact of foreign exchange, offset by the continued execution of efficiency initiatives in the manufacturing and supply chain functions.  

         In
Abbott's worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by demographics such as an aging population and an increasing rate of
chronic disease in developed markets and the rise of a middle class in many emerging markets, as well as by numerous new product introductions that leveraged Abbott's strong brands. In 2018, excluding
the impact of foreign exchange, the nutritional business experienced above-market growth in the worldwide pediatric business driven by market leading brands Similac® and
Pedialyte® in the U.S. as well as growth across several markets in Asia. Worldwide, adult nutrition sales increased in 2018 led by the growth of Ensure®, Abbott's
market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna®, Abbott's market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand.  

         In
2017, the nutritionals business experienced growth in the U.S. driven by above-market performance in Abbott's infant and toddler brands. Internationally, 2017 sales growth in China
and India was partially offset by challenging market conditions in the infant formula market in various emerging markets. With respect to the profitability of the nutritional products business,
manufacturing and distribution process changes, as well as other cost reductions, drove margin improvements across the business over the last three years although such improvements were offset by
inflation on commodity costs. The decrease in operating margins for this business from 24.1 percent of sales in 2016 to 22.9 percent in 2018 was primarily due to negative impact of
foreign exchange.  

         The
Established Pharmaceutical Products segment focuses on the sale of its products in emerging markets. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, Established Pharmaceutical sales
increased 7.0 percent in 2018 and 9.5 percent in 2017. The sales increase in 2018 was driven by double-digit growth in India and China. The sales increase in 2017 was primarily driven by
double-digit growth in China and various countries in Latin America. Operating margins increased from 18.7 percent of sales in 2016 to 20.2 percent in 2018 primarily due to the continued
focus on cost reduction initiatives.  

         In
its diabetes business, Abbott received U.S. FDA approval for its FreeStyle Libre® 14 day sensor, making it the longest lasting wearable glucose sensor available.
The FreeStyle Libre system is the only continuous glucose monitoring system that does not require any user calibration.  

         In
conjunction with the funding of the St. Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions and the assumption of St. Jude Medical's and Alere's existing debt, Abbott's total short-term
and long-term debt increased
from approximately $9.0 billion at December 31, 2015 to $27.9 billion at December 31, 2017. At the beginning of 2018, Abbott committed to reducing its debt levels and in
2018 Abbott repaid approximately $8.3 billion of debt, net of borrowings, bringing its total debt to $19.6 billion.  

         Abbott
declared dividends of $1.16 per share in 2018 compared to $1.075 per share in 2017, an increase of approximately 8 percent. Dividends paid totaled $1.974 billion in
2018 compared to $1.849 billion in 2017. The year-over-year change in the amount of dividends paid reflects the increase in the dividend rate. In December 2018, Abbott increased the company's
quarterly dividend by approximately 14 percent to $0.32 per share from $0.28 per share, effective with the dividend paid in February 2019.  


         In
2019, Abbott will focus on continuing to invest in product development areas that provide the opportunity for strong sustainable growth over the next several years. In its diagnostics
business, Abbott will continue to focus on driving market adoption and geographic expansion of its Alinity suite of diagnostics instruments. In the cardiovascular and neuromodulation business, Abbott
will continue to focus on expanding its market position in various areas including electrophysiology, heart failure, and structural heart. In its nutritionals business, Abbott will continue to focus
on driving growth globally and further enhancing its portfolio with the introduction of several new science-based products. In the established pharmaceuticals business, Abbott will continue to focus
on growing its business with the depth and breadth  

 25 

 
 
 
   

 of
its portfolio in emerging markets. In its diabetes care business, Abbott will focus on driving continued market adoption of its FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring system.  


 


 


Critical Accounting Policies   

          Sales Rebates  —  In 2018, approximately 45 percent of Abbott's consolidated gross revenues were subject to various forms of rebates
and allowances that Abbott recorded as reductions of revenues at the time of sale. Most of these rebates and allowances in 2018 are in the Nutritional Products and Diabetes Care segments. Abbott
provides rebates to state agencies that administer the Special
Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC), wholesalers, group purchasing organizations, and other government agencies and private entities. Rebate amounts are usually based
upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. Factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a
rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. Using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, Abbott estimates
the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when Abbott records its sale of the product. Settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to
six months after sale. Abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. Rebates and chargebacks charged
against gross sales in 2018, 2017 and 2016 amounted to approximately $3.0 billion, $2.8 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively, or 19.0 percent, 20.5 percent and
22.9 percent of gross sales, respectively, based on gross sales of approximately $16.0 billion, $13.9 billion and $10.7 billion, respectively, subject to rebate. A
one-percentage point increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales would decrease net sales by approximately $160 million in 2018. Abbott considers a one-percentage point
increase to be a reasonably likely increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales. Other allowances charged against gross sales were approximately $175 million,
$166 million and $160 million for cash discounts in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and $191 million, $204 million and $242 million for returns in 2018, 2017 and
2016, respectively. Cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. Returns can be reliably estimated because Abbott's historical returns are
low, and because sales returns terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods.  

         Management
analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. In the domestic nutritional business, management uses both internal and external data available to
estimate the accruals. In the WIC business, estimates are required for the amount of WIC sales within each state where Abbott holds the WIC contract. The state where the sale is made, which is the
determining factor for the applicable rebated price, is reliably determinable. Rebated prices are based on contractually obligated agreements generally lasting a period of two to four years. Except
for a change in contract price or a transition period before or after a change in the supplier for the WIC business in a state, accruals are based on historical redemption rates and data from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the states submitting rebate claims. The USDA, which administers the WIC program, has been making its data available for many years. Management also estimates the
states' processing lag time based on sales and claims data. Inventory in the retail distribution channel does not vary substantially. Management has access to several large customers' inventory
management data, which allows management to make reliable estimates of inventory in the retail distribution channel. At December 31, 2018, Abbott had WIC business in 27 states.  


         Historically,
adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. Abbott employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and
where possible, works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. For government agency programs, the calculation of a rebate involves
interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation.  

 26 

 
 
 
   

         Income Taxes  —  Abbott operates in numerous countries where its income tax returns are subject to audits and adjustments. Because Abbott
operates globally, the nature of the audit items is often very complex, and the objectives of the government auditors can result in a tax on the same income in more than one country. Abbott employs
internal and external tax professionals to minimize audit adjustment amounts where possible. In accordance with the accounting rules relating to the measurement of tax contingencies, in order to
recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than
50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. Application of these rules requires a significant amount of judgment. In the U.S., Abbott's federal income tax returns through
2016 are settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former Alere consolidated group which are settled through 2014 and the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group which are
settled through 2013. Undistributed foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining
undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable.  


         Pension and Post-Employment Benefits  —  Abbott offers pension benefits and post-employment health care to many of its employees. Abbott
engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under these programs. Abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care
cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. The discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the
duration of the expected retiree benefits. The health care cost trend rates represent Abbott's expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and are a forward projection of
health care costs as of the measurement date. A difference between the assumed rates and the actual rates, which will not be known for years, can be significant in relation to the obligations and the
annual cost recorded for these programs. Low interest rates have significantly increased actuarial losses for these plans. At December 31, 2018, pretax net actuarial losses and prior service
costs and (credits) recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for Abbott's defined benefit plans and medical and dental plans were losses of $3.3 billion and
$198 million, respectively. Actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method, in accordance with the rules for
accounting for post-employment benefits. Differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual annual return are amortized over a five-year period. Note 14 to the
consolidated financial statements describes the impact of a one-percentage point change in the health care cost trend rate; however, there can be no certainty that a change would be limited to only
one percentage point.  

          Valuation of Intangible Assets  —  Abbott has acquired and continues to acquire significant intangible assets that Abbott records at fair
value at the acquisition date. Transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the health care field and valuations are usually based on
a discounted cash flow analysis. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market
participants. Each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. Abbott engages independent valuation experts who review Abbott's critical assumptions and calculations
for acquisitions of significant intangibles. Abbott reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment each quarter using an undiscounted net cash flows approach. If the undiscounted cash flows
of an intangible asset are less than the carrying value of an intangible asset, the intangible asset is written down to its fair value, which is usually the discounted cash flow amount. Where cash
flows cannot be identified for an individual asset, the review is applied at the lowest group level for which cash flows are identifiable. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate
to in-process research and development acquired in a business combination, are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event that could result in impairment occurs. At December 31, 2018,
goodwill amounted to $23.3 billion and net intangibles amounted to $18.9 billion. Amortization expense in continuing operations for intangible assets amounted to $2.2 billion in
2018, $2.0 billion in 2017 and $550 million in 2016. There was no significant reduction of goodwill relating to impairments in 2018, 2017 and 2016.  

 27 

 
 
 
   

          Litigation  —  Abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) No. 450, "Contingencies." Under ASC No. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best
estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. These estimates are often initially developed substantially earlier than the ultimate loss is known, and the estimates are
refined each accounting period as additional information becomes known. Accordingly, Abbott is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss, and therefore the minimum amount, which could
be zero, is recorded. As information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional
loss provisions. Occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected. Abbott estimates the range
of possible loss to be from approximately $125 million to $165 million for its legal proceedings and environmental exposures. Accruals of approximately $145 million have been
recorded at December 31, 2018 for these proceedings and exposures. These accruals represent management's best estimate of probable loss, as defined by FASB ASC No. 450, "Contingencies."  

 28 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Results of Operations   

 


 


Sales   

         The following table details the components of sales growth by reportable segment for the last two years:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Components of % Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 Total 
% Change  
   
 Business 
Acquisitions/ 
Divestitures  
   
 Price  
   
 Volume  
   
 Exchange  
   
 
 
   Total Net Sales 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 
11.6 
   
   
 
4.9 
   
   
 
(1.0 
 ) 
   
 
8.1 
   
   
 
(0.4 
 ) 
 
 
   2017 vs. 2016 
   
   
 31.3 
   
   
 26.5 
   
   
 (0.6 
 ) 
   
 5.1 
   
   
 0.3 
   
 
 
   Total U.S. 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 
12.1 
   
   
 
8.0 
   
   
 
(1.1 
 ) 
   
 
5.2 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   2017 vs. 2016 
   
   
 49.1 
   
   
 46.9 
   
   
 (0.9 
 ) 
   
 3.1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Total International 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 
11.4 
   
   
 
3.2 
   
   
 
(1.0 
 ) 
   
 
9.7 
   
   
 
(0.5 
 ) 
 
 
   2017 vs. 2016 
   
   
 23.3 
   
   
 17.3 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
   
 6.0 
   
   
 0.4 
   
 
 
   Established Pharmaceutical Products Segment 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 
3.2 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
2.2 
   
   
 
4.8 
   
   
 
(3.8 
 ) 
 
 
   2017 vs. 2016 
   
   
 11.1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2.3 
   
   
 7.2 
   
   
 1.6 
   
 
 
   Nutritional Products Segment 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 
4.4 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
0.2 
   
   
 
4.7 
   
   
 
(0.5 
 ) 
 
 
   2017 vs. 2016 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 (0.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Diagnostic Products Segment 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 
33.5 
   
   
 
27.1 
   
   
 
(2.0 
 ) 
   
 
8.5 
   
   
 
(0.1 
 ) 
 
 
   2017 vs. 2016 
   
   
 16.7 
   
   
 11.2 
   
   
 (1.1 
 ) 
   
 6.6 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products Segment 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   2018 vs. 2017 
   
   
 
5.9 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
(2.8 
 ) 
   
 
7.7 
   
   
 
1.0 
   
 
 
   2017 vs. 2016 
   
   
 207.7 
   
   
 207.2 
   
   
 (4.3 
 ) 
   
 4.5 
   
   
 0.3 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
increase in Total Net Sales in 2018 reflects the acquisition of Alere, as well as volume growth across all of Abbott's businesses. The increase in Total Net Sales in 2017 reflects
the acquisitions of St. Jude Medical and Alere, as well as volume growth in the established pharmaceuticals and diagnostics businesses. The price declines related to the Cardiovascular and
Neuromodulation Products segment in 2018 and 2017 primarily reflect pricing pressure on drug eluting stents (DES) as a result of market competition in the U.S. and other major markets.  

 29 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

         A
comparison of significant product and product group sales is as follows. Percent changes are versus the prior year and are based on unrounded numbers.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (dollars in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 Total 
Change  
   
 Impact of 
Exchange  
   
 Total 
Change 
Excl. Exchange  
   
 
 
   Total Established Pharmaceuticals — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Key Emerging Markets 
   
 

 
$ 
 
3,363 
   
   
 
2 
 % 
   
 
(5 
 )% 
   
 
7 
 % 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 1,059 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
   Nutritionals — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   International Pediatric Nutritionals 
   
   
 
2,254 
   
   
 
7 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
7 
   
 
 
   U.S. Pediatric Nutritionals 
   
   
 1,843 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
   International Adult Nutritionals 
   
   
 1,900 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 8 
   
 
 
   U.S. Adult Nutritionals 
   
   
 1,232 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
   Diagnostics — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Core Laboratory 
   
   
 
4,386 
   
   
 
8 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
8 
   
 
 
   Molecular 
   
   
 484 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 4 
   
 
 
   Point of Care 
   
   
 553 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Rapid Diagnostics 
   
   
 2,072 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
 
 
   Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Rhythm Management 
   
   
 
2,091 
   
   
 
(1 
 ) 
   
 
1 
   
   
 
(2 
 ) 
 
 
   Electrophysiology 
   
   
 1,668 
   
   
 21 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 20 
   
 
 
   Heart Failure 
   
   
 646 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Vascular 
   
   
 2,929 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Structural Heart 
   
   
 1,239 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 13 
   
 
 
   Neuromodulation 
   
   
 864 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (dollars in millions) 
   
 2017  
   
 Total 
Change  
   
 Impact of 
Exchange  
   
 Total 
Change 
Excl. Exchange  
   
 
 
   Total Established Pharmaceuticals — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Key Emerging Markets 
   
 

 
$ 
 
3,307 
   
   
 
14 
 % 
   
 
2 
 % 
   
 
12 
 % 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 980 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   Nutritionals — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   International Pediatric Nutritionals 
   
   
 
2,112 
   
   
 
(4 
 ) 
   
 
— 
   
   
 
(4 
 ) 
 
 
   U.S. Pediatric Nutritionals 
   
   
 1,777 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
   International Adult Nutritionals 
   
   
 1,782 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 4 
   
 
 
   U.S. Adult Nutritionals 
   
   
 1,254 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
 
 
   Diagnostics — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Core Laboratory 
   
   
 
4,063 
   
   
 
6 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
6 
   
 
 
   Molecular 
   
   
 463 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
   Point of Care 
   
   
 550 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   Rapid Diagnostics 
   
   
 540 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
 
 
   Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Rhythm Management 
   
   
 
2,103 
   
   
 
n/m 
   
   
 
n/m 
   
   
 
n/m 
   
 
 
   Electrophysiology 
   
   
 1,382 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
 
 
   Heart Failure 
   
   
 643 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
 
 
   Vascular 
   
   
 2,892 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14 
   
 
 
   Structural Heart 
   
   
 1,083 
   
   
 208 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 207 
   
 
 
   Neuromodulation 
   
   
 808 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
   
 n/m 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  n/m =
percent change is not meaningful.   

 
 Note: In
order to compute results excluding the impact of exchange rates, current year U.S. dollar sales are multiplied or divided, as appropriate, by the current year
average foreign exchange rates and then those amounts are multiplied or divided, as appropriate, by the prior year average foreign exchange rates.  
  
  30 

 
 
 
   

         Total
Established Pharmaceutical Products sales increased 7.0 percent in 2018 and 9.5 percent in 2017, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The Established
Pharmaceutical Products segment is focused on several key emerging markets including India, Russia, China and Brazil. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total sales in these key emerging
markets increased 7.4 percent in 2018 and 11.9 percent in 2017. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, 2018 sales in India and China and 2017 sales in China and various countries in
Latin America experienced double-digit growth. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales in Established Pharmaceuticals' other emerging markets increased 5.8 percent in 2018 and
2.2 percent in 2017. The 2017 sales growth for Established Pharmaceuticals' other emerging markets includes the unfavorable impact of Venezuelan operations. Excluding Venezuela and the effect
of foreign exchange, sales in other emerging markets increased 7.5 percent in 2017.  


         Total
Nutritional Products sales increased 4.9 percent in 2018 and 0.6 percent in 2017, excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. The increases in 2018 and 2017
U.S. Pediatric Nutritional sales primarily reflect continued above-market performance in Abbott's infant and toddler brands, including Similac and Pedialyte. 2018 International Pediatric Nutritional
sales increased primarily due to growth in Asia and Latin America. The 2017 decrease in International Pediatric Nutritional sales was driven by challenging market conditions in the infant formula
market in various emerging markets, partially offset by growth in China and India.  

         The
2018 sales increase in the International Adult Nutritional business was led by growth of Ensure, Abbott's market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna, Abbott's
market-leading diabetes-specific nutrition brand in Asia and Latin America. U.S. Adult Nutritional business sales decreased in 2018 primarily driven by the wind down of a non-core product line.
Excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, the 2017 increase in International Adult Nutritional sales was due primarily to growth in Ensure, as well as volume growth in emerging markets and
continued expansion of the adult nutrition category internationally. U.S. Adult Nutritional revenues decreased in 2017 due to competitive and market dynamics.  

         Total
Diagnostic Products sales increased 33.6 percent in 2018 and 16.7 percent in 2017, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The sales increases in 2018 and 2017
included the acquisition of Alere, which was completed on October 3, 2017. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the Diagnostic Products
segment in 2018 and 2017 increased 6.5 and 5.5 percent, respectively. The 2018 increase in sales was primarily driven by above-market growth in Core Laboratory in the U.S. and internationally.
In 2018, Abbott accelerated the roll out of its Alinity systems for Core Laboratory in Europe. The 2017 increase in sales was primarily driven by share gains in the Core Laboratory markets globally,
as well as performance in Point of Care led by the continued adoption of Abbott's i-STAT® handheld system.  

         Excluding
the effect of foreign exchange, total Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products sales grew 4.9 percent in 2018. The 2018 sales increase was driven by growth in several
areas, including double-digit growth in Electrophysiology and Structural Heart.  

         The
growth in Electrophysiology in 2018 was led by higher sales in cardiac mapping and ablation catheters, as well as the U.S. launch of Abbott's Confirm Rx® Insertable
Cardiac Monitor (ICM), the world's first and only smartphone-compatible ICM designed to help physicians remotely identify cardiac arrhythmias. In May 2018, Abbott announced U.S. FDA clearance of the
Advisor HD Grid Mapping Catheter, Sensor Enabled, which creates detailed maps of the heart and expands Abbott's electrophysiology product portfolio.  

         Growth
in Structural Heart in 2018 was driven by several product areas including the MitraClip, Abbott's market-leading device for the minimally-invasive treatment of mitral
regurgitation and the AMPLATZER® PFO occluder, a device designed to close a hole-like opening in the heart. In July 2018, Abbott announced U.S. FDA approval for a next-generation version
of MitraClip. In September 2018, Abbott announced positive clinical results from its COAPT study, which demonstrated that MitraClip  

 31 

 
 
 
   

 improved
survival and clinical outcomes for select patients with functional mitral regurgitation. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the COAPT study data was submitted to the U.S. FDA to request approval
of an expanded indication for MitraClip.  

         The
growth in Neuromodulation in 2018 reflects higher revenue for various products for the treatment of chronic pain and movement disorders.  

         In
Vascular, growth in imaging, vessel closure and other endovascular revenues in 2018 was partially offset by lower DES sales due to lower U.S. market share and price erosion in various
markets. During the second quarter of 2018, Abbott received approval from the U.S. FDA for the XIENCE Sierra Drug Eluting Stent System, the newest generation of its coronary stent system. During the
second quarter of 2018, the XIENCE Sierra Drug Eluting Stent System also received national reimbursement in Japan to treat people with coronary artery disease. In Rhythm Management, market share gains
in the new patient segment were offset by replacement cycle dynamics. In Heart Failure, international sales growth was offset by lower U.S. sales. In October 2018, the HeartMate 3 Left Ventricular
Assist Device (LVAD) received U.S. FDA approval as a destination therapy for people living with advanced heart failure.  

         In
2017, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, total Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products sales grew 207.4 percent. The increase in sales was primarily driven by the
acquisition of St. Jude Medical which was completed on January 4, 2017. Excluding the impact of the acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the vascular business
were essentially flat in 2017 versus the prior year as lower coronary stent sales and the comparison impact from the favorable 2016 resolution of a third-party royalty agreement were offset by higher
structural heart and endovascular sales.  

         Abbott
has periodically sold product rights to non-strategic products and has recorded the related gains in net sales in accordance with Abbott's revenue recognition policies as
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Related net sales were not significant in 2018, 2017 and 2016.  

         The
expiration of licenses and patent protection can affect the future revenues and operating income of Abbott. There are no significant patent or license expirations in the next three
years that are expected to materially affect Abbott.  

         In
April 2017, Abbott received a warning letter from the U.S. FDA related to its manufacturing facility in Sylmar, CA which was acquired by Abbott on January 4, 2017 as part of
the acquisition of St. Jude Medical. This facility manufactures implantable cardioverter defibrillators, cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators, and monitors. The warning letter
relates to the FDA's observations from an inspection of this facility. Abbott has prepared a comprehensive plan of corrective actions which has been provided to the FDA. Execution of the plan is
progressing.  


 


 


Operating Earnings   

         Gross profit margins were 51.3 percent of net sales in 2018, 47.5 percent in 2017 and 53.8 percent in 2016. In 2018, the
increase primarily reflects lower inventory step-up amortization related to the St. Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions and margin improvements in various businesses, partially offset by higher
intangible amortization expense. In 2017, the decrease primarily reflects higher
intangible amortization expense and inventory step-up amortization related to the St. Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions, partially offset by margin improvements in various businesses.  


         Research
and development expense was $2.3 billion in 2018, $2.3 billion in 2017, and $1.4 billion in 2016 and represented a 1.7 percent increase in 2018, and
a 56.2 percent increase in 2017. The 2018 increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to higher spending on various projects, partially offset by lower restructuring and
integration costs. The 2017 increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to the acquisition of the St. Jude Medical business. In 2018, research and development expenditures
totaled $1.0 billion for the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products  

 32 

 
 
 
   

 segment,
$585 million for the Diagnostic Products segment, $198 million for the Nutritional Products segment and $184 million for the Established Pharmaceutical Products segment.  

         Selling,
general and administrative expenses increased 6.1 percent in 2018 and 36.3 percent in 2017 versus the respective prior year. The 2018 increase was primarily due to
the impact of the acquisition of the Alere business in October 2017, as well as higher spending to drive continued growth and market expansion in various businesses, partially offset by lower
acquisition-related expenses. The 2017 increase was primarily due to the acquisition of the St. Jude Medical business, as well as the incremental expenses to integrate St. Jude Medical
with Abbott's existing vascular business, partially offset by the impact of cost improvement initiatives across various functions and businesses.  

 


 


Business Acquisitions   

         On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately
$23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of
Abbott common stock, based on Abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical's debt was assumed, repaid
or refinanced by Abbott. The acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices,
diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market.  

         Under
the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an
Abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflected the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total
purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $2.0 billion
120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.  


         The
final allocation of the fair value of the St. Jude Medical acquisition is shown in the table below.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in billions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquired intangible assets, non-deductible 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.5 
   
 
 
   Goodwill, non-deductible 
   
   
 13.1 
   
 
 
   Acquired net tangible assets 
   
   
 3.0 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes recorded at acquisition 
   
   
 (2.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Net debt 
   
   
 (5.3 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total final allocation of fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is
identifiable to the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products reportable segment. The acquired tangible assets consist primarily of trade accounts receivable of approximately $1.1 billion,
inventory of approximately $1.7 billion, other current assets of $176 million, property and equipment of approximately $1.5 billion, and other long-term assets of approximately
$455 million. The acquired tangible liabilities consist of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $1.1 billion and other non-current liabilities of
approximately $870 million.  

         In
2016, Abbott and St. Jude Medical agreed to sell certain businesses to Terumo Corporation for approximately $1.12 billion. The sale included the St. Jude Medical
Angio-Seal™ and Femoseal™ vascular closure and Abbott's Vado® Steerable Sheath businesses. The sale closed on January 20, 2017 and no gain or loss was
recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

 33 

 
 
 
   

         On
October 3, 2017, Abbott acquired Alere, a diagnostic device and service provider, for $51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately
$4.5 billion. As part of the acquisition, Abbott tendered for Alere's preferred shares for a total value of approximately $0.7 billion. In addition, approximately $3.0 billion of
Alere's debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. The acquisition establishes Abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands Abbott's global diagnostics presence and provides access to new
products, channels and geographies. Abbott utilized a combination of cash on hand and debt to fund the acquisition. See Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit for further details
regarding the debt utilized for the acquisition.  

         The
final allocation of the fair value of the Alere acquisition is shown in the table below.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in billions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquired intangible assets, non-deductible 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.5 
   
 
 
   Goodwill, non-deductible 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Acquired net tangible assets 
   
   
 1.0 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes recorded at acquisition 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Net debt 
   
   
 (2.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Preferred stock 
   
   
 (0.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total final allocation of fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is
identifiable to the Diagnostic Products reportable segment. The approximate value of the acquired tangible assets consists of $430 million of trade accounts receivable, $425 million of
inventory, $225 million of other current assets, $540 million of property and equipment, and $210 million of other long-term assets. The approximate value of the acquired tangible
liabilities consists of $675 million of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities and $145 million of other non-current liabilities.  

         In
the third quarter of 2017, Alere entered into agreements to sell its Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its B-type
Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel Corporation (Quidel). The transactions with Quidel reflect a total purchase price of $400 million payable at the
close of the transaction, $240 million payable in six annual installments beginning approximately six months after the close of the transaction, and contingent consideration with a maximum
value of $40 million. In the third quarter of 2017, Alere entered into an agreement with Siemens Diagnostics Holding II B.V. (Siemens) to sell its subsidiary, Epocal Inc., for
approximately $200 million payable at the close of the transaction. Alere agreed to divest these businesses in connection with the review by the Federal Trade Commission and the European
Commission of Abbott's agreement to acquire Alere. The sale to Quidel closed on October 6, 2017, and the sale to Siemens closed on October 31, 2017. No gain or loss on these sales was
recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

         On
July 17, 2017, Abbott commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash the 1.77 million outstanding shares of Alere's Series B Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock
at a price of $402 per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends to, but not including, the settlement date of the tender offer. This tender offer was subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
including Abbott's acquisition of Alere and upon there being validly tendered (and not properly withdrawn) at the expiration date of the tender offer that number of shares of Preferred Stock that
equaled at least a majority of the Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the expiration of the tender offer. All conditions to the offer were satisfied and Abbott accepted for payment the
1.748 million shares of Preferred Stock that were validly tendered (and not properly withdrawn). The remaining shares were cashed out for an amount equal to the $400.00 per share liquidation
preference of such shares, plus accrued but unpaid dividends, without interest. Payment for all of the shares of Preferred Stock was made in the fourth quarter of 2017.  

 34 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Restructurings   

         In 2017 and 2018, Abbott management approved restructuring plans as part of the integration of the acquisition of St. Jude Medical into
the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation
Products segment and Alere into the Diagnostic Products segment, in order to leverage economies of scale and reduce costs. Abbott recorded charges, including one-time employee termination benefits, of
approximately $52 million in 2018 and $187 million in 2017. Approximately $5 million in 2018 and 2017 are recorded in Cost of products sold, approximately $10 million in
2018 is recorded in Research and development and approximately $37 million in 2018 and $182 million in 2017 in Selling, general and administrative expense.  

         From
2016 to 2018, Abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in various Abbott businesses including the nutritional,
established pharmaceuticals and vascular businesses. Abbott recorded employee-related severance and other charges of approximately $28 million in 2018, $120 million in 2017 and
$32 million in 2016. Approximately $10 million in 2018, $7 million in 2017 and $9 million in 2016 are recorded in Cost of products sold, approximately $2 million in
2018, $77 million in 2017 and $5 million in 2016 are recorded in Research and development and approximately $16 million in 2018, $36 million in 2017 and $18 million
in 2016 are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense. Additional charges of approximately $2 million in 2017 and 2016 were recorded primarily for accelerated depreciation.  

 


 


Interest Expense and Interest (Income)   

         In 2018, interest expense decreased primarily due to the net repayment of $8.3 billion of debt, partially offset by lower interest income
due to lower cash balances. In 2017, interest expense increased primarily due to the $15.1 billion of debt issued in November of 2016 related to the financing of the St. Jude Medical
acquisition which closed on January 4, 2017. In 2016, interest expense increased primarily due to the amortization of bridge financing fees related to the financing of the St. Jude
Medical and Alere acquisitions. Interest expense in 2016 also increased due to the $15.1 billion of debt issued in November 2016.  

 


 


Debt Extinguishment Costs   

         On October 28, 2018, Abbott redeemed approximately $4 billion of debt, which included $750 million principal amount of its
2.00% Notes due 2020; $597 million principal amount of its 4.125% Notes due 2020; $900 million principal amount of its 3.25% Notes due 2023; $450 million principal amount of its
3.4% Notes due 2023; and $1.300 billion principal amount of its 3.75% Notes due 2026. Abbott incurred a net charge of $153 million related to the early repayment of this debt and the
unwinding of related interest rate swaps.  

         On
March 22, 2018, Abbott redeemed all of the $947 million principal amount of its 5.125% Notes due 2019, as well as $1.055 billion of the $2.850 billion
principal amount of its 2.35% Notes due 2019. Abbott incurred a net charge of $14 million related to the early repayment of this debt.  


 


 


Other (Income) Expense, net   

         Other (income) expense, net, for 2018, 2017 and 2016 includes approximately $160 million of income in each year related to the
non-service cost components of the net periodic benefit costs associated with the pension and post-retirement medical plans. These amounts are being reported in other (income) expense as a result of
the adoption of the new accounting standard for recognizing pension cost. 2017 includes a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion on the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson. 2016 includes
$947 million of expense to adjust Abbott's holding of Mylan N.V. ordinary shares due to a decline in the fair value of the securities which was considered by Abbott to be other than
temporary.  

 35 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Taxes on Earnings   

         The income tax rates on earnings from continuing operations were 18.8 percent in 2018, 84.2 percent in 2017 and
24.8 percent in 2016.  

         The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) was enacted in the U.S. on December 22, 2017. The TCJA reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, requires companies to pay a
one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. As of December 31, 2018, Abbott
has completed its accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the TCJA. If additional regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury after December 31, 2018 result
in a change in judgment, the effect of such regulations will be accounted for in the period in which the regulations are finalized.  


         Effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, the TCJA subjects taxpayers to tax on global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) earned by certain foreign
subsidiaries. In January 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board staff provided guidance that an entity may make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes related to
items that will give rise to GILTI in future years or provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year that the tax is incurred. Abbott has elected to treat the GILTI tax as a period expense
and provide for the tax in the year that the tax is incurred.  

         In
the fourth quarter of 2017, Abbott recorded an estimate of net tax expense of $1.46 billion for the impact of the TCJA, which was included in Taxes on Earnings from Continuing
Operations in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The estimate was provisional and included a charge of approximately $2.89 billion for the transition tax, partially offset by a net benefit
of approximately $1.42 billion for the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and a net benefit of approximately $10 million related to certain other impacts of the TCJA.
In 2018, Abbott recorded $130 million of additional tax expense which increased the final tax expense related to the TCJA to $1.59 billion. The $130 million of additional tax
expense reflects a $120 million increase in the transition tax from $2.89 billion to $3.01 billion and a $10 million reduction in the net benefit related to the
remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities.  

         The
one-time transition tax is based on Abbott's total post-1986 earnings and profits (E&P) that were previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. The tax computation also requires the
determination of the amount of post-1986 E&P considered held in cash and other specified assets. As of December 31, 2018, the remaining balance of Abbott's transition tax obligation is
approximately $1.58 billion, which will be paid over the next eight years as allowed by the TCJA.  

         In
2018, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included $98 million of net tax expense related to the settlement of Abbott's 2014-2016 federal income tax audit in the U.S.,
partial settlement of the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group's 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns in the U.S. and audit settlements in various countries. In 2017, taxes on
earnings from continuing operations include $435 million of tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the AMO business. In 2016, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include the
impact of a net tax benefit of approximately $225 million, primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions from prior years, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of
non-deductible foreign exchange losses related to Venezuela and the adjustment of the Mylan N.V. equity investment, as well as the recognition of deferred taxes associated with the then pending
sale of AMO.  

         Exclusive
of these discrete items, tax expense was favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in Puerto Rico,
Switzerland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Costa Rica, and Singapore. Abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions.
See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate.  

 36 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Discontinued Operations   

         Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax of $34 million, $124 million and $321 million, in 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively, were driven primarily by the recognition of net tax benefits as a result of the resolution of various tax positions pertaining to AbbVie's operations for years prior to the separation.
On January 1, 2013, Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. Abbott has retained
all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie's business. AbbVie generally will be liable
for all other taxes attributable to its business.  

 


 


Assets Held for Disposition   

         In September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business,
to Johnson & Johnson for $4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive
shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion
including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of
$728 million in 2017 related to the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not
qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. For 2017 and 2016, the AMO earnings (losses) before taxes included in Abbott's consolidated earnings were $(18) million and $30 million,
respectively.  

         As
discussed in the Business Acquisitions section, in conjunction with the acquisition of Alere, Abbott sold the Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and
liabilities related to its B-type Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel. The legal transfer of certain assets related to these businesses did not occur at the
close of the sale to Quidel due to, among other factors, the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in various countries. Under the terms of the sale
agreement with Abbott, Quidel is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. The assets
presented as held for disposition in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, primarily relate to the businesses sold to Quidel.  


         The
following is a summary of the assets held for disposition as of December 31, 2018 and 2017:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 December 31, 
2018  
   
 December 31, 
2017  
   
 
 
   Trade Receivables, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 6 
   
 
 
$ 
 12 
   
 
 
   Total inventories 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Current assets held for disposition 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 20  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net property and equipment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 56 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets, net of amortization 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 102  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Non-current assets held for disposition 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 176  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets held for disposition 
   
 
 
$ 
 26 
   
 
 
$ 
 196  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  37 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 


 


Research and Development Programs   

         Abbott currently has numerous pharmaceutical, medical devices, diagnostic and nutritional products in development.  

 



 


Research and Development Process   

         In the Established Pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the
segment's existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. As Established Pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing
products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.  


         Depending
upon the product, the phases of development may include: 

 
 
 •  Drug product development.  
 •  Phase I bioequivalence studies to compare a future Established Pharmaceutical's brand with an already marketed compound with the same
active pharmaceutical ingredient (API).  
 •  Phase II studies to test the efficacy of benefits in a small group of patients.  
 •  Phase III studies to broaden the testing to a wider population that reflects the actual medical use.    
 •  Phase IV and other post-marketing studies to obtain new clinical use data on existing products within approved indications.  
 

         The
specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. The process may range from one
year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as China.  


         In
the Diagnostics segment, the phases of the research and development process include: 

 
 
 •  Discovery which focuses on identification of a product that will address a specific therapeutic area, platform, or unmet clinical need.    
 •  Concept/Feasibility during which the materials and manufacturing processes are evaluated, testing may include product characterization and
analysis is performed to confirm clinical utility.  
 •  Development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design
specifications conform to user needs and intended uses.  
 

         The
regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. In the U.S., the FDA classifies diagnostic products into classes (I, II, or
III) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. While the Diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as
Class I or Class II. Submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for Class I products. Class II devices typically require pre-market notification to the FDA
through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. Most Class III products are subject to the FDA's Pre-Marketing Approval (PMA) requirements. Other Class III products, such as
those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a Biological License Application (BLA).  

         In
the European Union (EU), diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which is governed by the European In Vitro Diagnostic Medical
Device Directive, depends upon the category. Certain product categories require review and approval by an independent  

 38 

 
 
 
   

 company,
known as a Notified Body, before the manufacturer can affix a CE mark to the product to show compliance with the Directive. Other products only require a self-certification process.  

         In
the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial
viability. If the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. The development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of
applicable clinical trials to test the product's safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined
specifications.  

         Similar
to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the U.S., cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as Class I, II, or III. Most of Abbott's cardiovascular
and neuromodulation products are classified as Class II devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or Class III devices that are subject to the PMA process.  

         In
the EU, cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which is governed by the European Medical Device Directive
and the Active Implantable Medical Device Directive, varies by class. Each product must bear a CE mark to show compliance with the Directive. Some products require submission of a design dossier to
the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to CE marking of the device. For other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results
and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the CE mark to the product. Outside the U.S. and the EU, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.  

         After
approval and commercial launch of some cardiovascular and neuromodulation products, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory
market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.  

         In
the second quarter of 2017, the EU adopted the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) and the In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation (IVDR) which replace the existing directives in the
EU for medical devices and in vitro diagnostic products. The MDR and IVDR will apply after a three-year and five-year transition period, respectively, and will impose additional premarket and
postmarket regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products.  

         In
the Nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular
populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). Depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product's efficacy will be made, clinical
studies typically must be conducted.  

         In
the U.S., the FDA requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. Prior to the launch of an infant
formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the FDA's confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. For other nutritional products,
notification or pre-approval from the FDA is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. In some
countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.  

 


 


Areas of Focus   

         In 2019 and beyond, Abbott's significant areas of therapeutic focus will include the following:  

 Established
Pharmaceuticals — Abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. Over the
next several years, Abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. In addition,
Abbott continues to expand existing  

 39 

 
 
 
   

 brands
into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. Abbott is also actively working on
the further development of several key brands such as Creon™, Duphaston™, Duphalac™ and Influvac™. Depending on the product, the activities focus on
development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.  

 Cardiovascular
and Neuromodulation — Abbott's research and development programs focus on: 

 
 
 •  Cardiac Rhythm Management — Development of next-generation rhythm management technologies, including enhanced patient
engagement and expanded magnetic resonance (MR)-compatibility.  
 •  Heart Failure — Continued enhancements to Abbott's left ventricular assist systems and pulmonary artery heart failure
system, including enhanced connectivity, user-interfaces and remote patient monitoring.  
 •  Electrophysiology — Development of next-generation technologies in the areas of ablation, diagnostic, mapping and
visualization and recording and monitoring.  
 •  Vascular — Development of next-generation technologies for use in coronary and peripheral vascular procedures.    
 •  Structural Heart — Development of minimally-invasive devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves and other
structural heart conditions.  
 •  Neuromodulation — Development of next-generation technologies with enhanced patient and physician engagement and expanded
MR-compatibility to treat chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications.  
 

 Diabetes
Care — Develop enhancements and additional indications for the FreeStyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring system to help patients improve their ability to manage
diabetes.  

 Core
Laboratory Diagnostics — Abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry and hematology systems, along with assays,
including a focus on unmet medical need, in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, as well as informatics and automation solutions to increase efficiency in
laboratories.  

 Molecular
Diagnostics — Several new molecular in vitro diagnostic (IVD) tests and "Alinity m", a next generation instrument system, are in various stages of development and launch.  

 Rapid
Diagnostics — Abbott's research and development programs focus on the development of diagnostic products for cardiometabolic disease, infectious disease and toxicology.  


 Nutritionals —
Abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric and adult nutrition areas: gastro intestinal/immunity health, brain health,
mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. Numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are
expected to be launched over the coming years.  

         Given
the diversity of Abbott's business, its intention to remain a broad-based healthcare company and the numerous sources for potential future growth, no individual project is expected
to be material to cash flows or results of operations over the next five years. Factors considered included research and development expenses projected to be incurred for the project over the next
year relative to Abbott's total research and development expenses, as well as qualitative factors, such as marketplace perceptions and impact of a new product on Abbott's overall market position.
There were no delays in Abbott's 2018 research and development activities that are expected to have a material impact on operations.  

 40 

 
 
 
   

         While
the aggregate cost to complete the numerous projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon Abbott's ability to
successfully finish each project, the rate at which each project advances, and the ultimate timing for completion. Given the potential for significant delays and the risk of failure inherent in the
development of medical device, diagnostic and pharmaceutical products and technologies, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development.
Abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates, and such spending is expected
to approximate 7.5 percent of total Abbott sales in 2019. Abbott does not regularly accumulate or make management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development
phase in a given period.  


 


 


Goodwill   

         At December 31, 2018, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $23.3 billion. Goodwill is reviewed for
impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value
of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The
income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. The results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially
in excess of its carrying value.  

 


 


Financial Condition   

 


 


Cash Flow   

         Net cash from operating activities amounted to $6.3 billion, $5.6 billion and $3.2 billion in 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2018 was primarily due to higher segment operating earnings, continued improvements in working capital management, timing of pension
contributions and lower acquisition-related expenses. The increase in Net cash from operating activities in 2017 was primarily due to the favorable impact of improved working capital management, the
acquisition of the St. Jude Medical businesses, and higher segment operating earnings. The income tax component of cash from operating activities in 2018 includes the non-cash impact of the
$120 million adjustment to the transition tax associated with the TCJA. The income tax component of operating cash flow in 2017 includes the non-cash impact of $1.46 billion of net tax
expense related to the estimated impact of the TCJA. The income tax component of operating cash flow in 2016 includes $550 million of non-cash tax benefits primarily related to the favorable
resolution of various tax positions pertaining to prior years.  

         The
foreign currency loss related to Venezuela reduced Abbott's cash by approximately $410 million in 2016 and is included in the Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
equivalents line within the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Future fluctuations in the strength of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies are not expected to materially impact Abbott's
liquidity.  

         While
a significant portion of Abbott's cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2018, are reinvested in foreign subsidiaries, Abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect
its liquidity and capital resources. Due to the enactment of the TCJA, if these funds were needed for operations in the U.S., Abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the
future to repatriate these funds.  

         Abbott
funded $114 million in 2018, $645 million in 2017 and $582 million in 2016 to defined benefit pension plans. Abbott expects pension funding of approximately
$380 million in 2019 for its pension plans. Abbott expects annual cash flow from operating activities to continue to exceed Abbott's capital expenditures and cash dividends.  

 41 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Debt and Capital   

         At December 31, 2018, Abbott's long-term debt rating was BBB by Standard & Poor's Corporation and Baa1 by Moody's. Abbott expects
to maintain an investment grade rating.  

         Abbott
has readily available financial resources, including unused lines of credit that support commercial paper borrowing arrangements and provide Abbott with the ability to borrow up
to $5 billion on an unsecured basis. The lines of credit are part of a 2018 revolving credit agreement that expires in 2023. Abbott entered into this new revolving credit agreement and
terminated the 2014 revolving credit agreement on November 30, 2018. There were no outstanding borrowings under the 2014 revolving credit agreement at the time of its termination. Any
borrowings under the new revolving credit agreement will bear interest, at Abbott's option, based on either a base rate or Eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on Abbott's credit ratings.  

         In
conjunction with the funding of the St. Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions and the assumption of St. Jude Medical's and Alere's existing debt, Abbott's total short-term
and long-term debt increased from approximately $9.0 billion at December 31, 2015 to $27.9 billion at December 31, 2017. The increase in debt included the following
transactions in 2016 and 2017: 

 
 
 •  In April 2016, Abbott obtained a commitment for a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility for an amount not to exceed
$17.2 billion, comprised of $15.2 billion for a 364-day bridge loan and $2.0 billion for a 120-day bridge loan to provide financing for the acquisition of St. Jude Medical.
This facility has been terminated as further discussed below.  
 •  In November 2016, Abbott issued $15.1 billion of medium and long-term debt to primarily fund the cash portion of the acquisition of
St. Jude Medical. Abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $3.0 billion related to the new debt. The swaps have the effect of changing Abbott's obligation from a
fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation on the related debt instruments. The $15.2 billion component of the commitment for a bridge term loan facility terminated in November
2016 when Abbott issued the $15.1 billion of long-term debt.  
 •  In December 2016, Abbott formalized the $2.0 billion component of the bridge term loan facility and entered into a 120-day bridge term
loan facility that provided Abbott the ability to borrow up to $2.0 billion on an unsecured basis to partially fund the St. Jude Medical acquisition. On January 4, 2017, as part
of funding the cash portion of the St. Jude Medical acquisition, Abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under the 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility. This facility was repaid
during the first quarter of 2017.  
 •  In the first quarter of 2017, as part of the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude
Medical's debt was assumed, repaid, or refinanced by Abbott. This included the exchange of certain St. Jude Medical debt obligations with an aggregate principal amount of approximately
$2.9 billion for approximately $2.9 billion of debt issued by Abbott. Following this exchange, approximately $194.2 million of existing St. Jude Medical notes remained
outstanding. There were no significant costs associated with the exchange of this debt. In addition, during the first quarter of 2017, Abbott assumed and subsequently repaid approximately
$2.8 billion of various St. Jude Medical debt obligations.  
 •  In 2017, Abbott borrowed $2.8 billion on an unsecured basis under a 5-year term loan agreement and borrowed $1.7 billion under
its lines of credit. Proceeds from such borrowings were used to finance the acquisition of Alere, to repay certain indebtedness of Abbott and Alere, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the
acquisition. The borrowings bore interest based on a Eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on Abbott's credit ratings. Abbott paid off the term loan in January 2018, ahead of its 2022 due
date and paid off $550 million of the line of credit in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the remaining $1.15 billion on January 5, 2018. In the fourth  
 
 42 

 
 

 
   
 
 

 quarter
of 2017, in conjunction with the acquisition of Alere, Abbott assumed and subsequently repaid $3.0 billion of Alere's debt.  

 
 
 •  In 2017, Abbott also paid off a $479 million yen-denominated short-term borrowing during the year and issued 364-day yen-denominated
debt, of which $199 million and $195 million was outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  
 

         In
2018 Abbott committed to reducing its debt levels and on February 16, 2018, the board of directors authorized the early redemption of up to $5 billion of outstanding
long-term notes. Redemptions under this authorization during 2018 included $0.947 billion principal amount of its 5.125% Notes due 2019 and $2.850 billion principal amount of its 2.35%
Notes due 2019. Abbott incurred a net charge of $14 million related to the early repayment of this debt.  

         On
September 17, 2018, Abbott repaid upon maturity the $500 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2.00% Senior Notes due 2018.  


         On
September 27, 2018, Abbott's wholly owned subsidiary, Abbott Ireland Financing DAC, completed a euro debt offering of €3.420 billion of long-term debt.
The proceeds equated to approximately $4 billion. The notes are guaranteed by Abbott.  

         On
October 28, 2018, Abbott redeemed $4.0 billion principal amount of its outstanding long-term debt. This amount is in addition to the $5 billion authorization
discussed above. In conjunction with the redemption, Abbott unwound approximately $1.1 billion in interest rate swaps relating to the 3.40% Note due in 2023 and the 3.75% Note due in 2026.
Abbott incurred a net charge of $153 million related to the early repayment of this debt and the unwinding of related interest rate swaps.  


         The
2018 transactions described above, including the repayment of $2.8 billion under the 5-year term loan and $1.15 billion of borrowings under the lines of credit,
resulted in the net repayment of approximately $8.3 billion of debt.  

         On
January 25, 2019, Abbott notified the holders of its 2.80% Notes due 2020, that it will redeem the $500 million outstanding principal amount of these notes on
February 24, 2019. After the redemption of the 2.80% Notes, approximately $700 million of the $5 billion debt redemption authorized by Abbott's board of directors in 2018 will
remain available.  

         In
September 2014, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of Abbott's common shares from time to time. Under the program authorized in 2014, Abbott
repurchased 36.2 million shares at a cost of $1.7 billion in 2015, 10.4 million shares at a cost of $408 million in 2016 and 1.9 million shares at a cost of
$130 million in 2018 for a total of approximately $2.2 billion.  

         On
April 27, 2016, the board of directors authorized the issuance and sale for general corporate purposes of up to 75 million common shares that would result in proceeds of
up to $3 billion. No shares have been issued under this authorization.  


         Abbott
declared dividends of $1.16 per share in 2018 compared to $1.075 per share in 2017, an increase of approximately 8 percent. Dividends paid were $1.974 billion in
2018 compared to $1.849 billion in 2017. The year-over-year change in dividends paid reflects the impact of the increase in the dividend rate.  

 


 


Working Capital   

         Working capital was $5.6 billion at December 31, 2018 and $11.2 billion at December 31, 2017. The decrease in
working capital in 2018 reflects the use of cash to repay long-term debt and dividends.  

 43 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 

         Abbott
monitors the credit worthiness of customers and establishes an allowance against a trade receivable when it is probable that the balance will not be collected. In addition to
closely monitoring economic conditions and budgetary and other fiscal developments, Abbott regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their
payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. Abbott also monitors the potential for and periodically has utilized factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk
although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a material amount of total outstanding receivables.  

 


 


Venezuela Operations   

         Since January 2010, Venezuela has been designated as a highly inflationary economy under U.S. GAAP. On February 17, 2016, the
Venezuelan government announced that its three-tier exchange rate system would be reduced to two rates renamed the DIPRO and DICOM rates. The DIPRO was the official rate for food and medicine imports
and was adjusted from 6.3 to 10 bolivars per U.S. dollar. The DICOM rate was a floating market rate published daily by the Venezuelan central bank, which at the end of the first quarter of 2016 was
approximately 263 bolivars per U.S. dollar. As a result of decreasing government approvals to convert bolivars to U.S. dollars to pay for
intercompany accounts, as well as the accelerating deterioration of economic conditions in the country, Abbott concluded that it was appropriate to move to the DICOM rate at the end of the first
quarter of 2016. As a result, Abbott recorded a foreign currency exchange loss of $480 million in 2016 to revalue its net monetary assets in Venezuela. After the revaluation, Abbott's
investment in its Venezuelan operations was not significant.  

 


 


Capital Expenditures   

         Capital expenditures of $1.4 billion in 2018, $1.1 billion in 2017 and $1.1 billion in 2016 were principally for upgrading
and expanding manufacturing and research and development facilities and equipment in various segments, investments in information technology, and laboratory instruments placed with customers.  

 


 


Contractual Obligations   

         The table below summarizes Abbott's estimated contractual obligations as of December 31, 2018.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Payments Due By Period  
   
 
 
 (dollars in millions) 
   
 Total  
   
 2019  
   
 2020-2021  
   
 2022-2023  
   
 2024 and 
Thereafter  
   
 
 
   Long-term debt, including current maturities 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,626 
   
 
 
$ 
 7 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,658 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,105 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,856 
   
 
 
   Interest on debt obligations 
   
   
 10,237 
   
   
 668 
   
   
 1,312 
   
   
 1,102 
   
   
 7,155 
   
 
 
   Operating lease obligations 
   
   
 984 
   
   
 218 
   
   
 302 
   
   
 193 
   
   
 271 
   
 
 
   Capitalized auto lease obligations 
   
   
 41 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 27 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchase commitments (a) 
   
   
 2,591 
   
   
 2,454 
   
   
 103 
   
   
 21 
   
   
 13 
   
 
 
   Other long-term liabilities (b) 
   
   
 3,492 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,288 
   
   
 884 
   
   
 1,320  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total (c) 
   
 

 
$ 
 36,971 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,361 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,690 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,305 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,615  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Purchase
commitments are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital expenditure requirements.
 (b) Other
long-term liabilities include estimated payments for the transition tax under the TCJA, net of applicable credits.
 (c) Net
unrecognized tax benefits totaling approximately $465 million are excluded from the table above as Abbott is unable to reasonably estimate the period of
cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities on such items. See Note 15 — Taxes on Earnings from Continuing Operations for further  
  
  44 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 details.
The company has employee benefit obligations consisting of pensions and other post-employment benefits, including medical and life, which have been excluded from the table. A discussion of
the company's pension and post-retirement plans, including funding matters is included in Note 14 — Post-employment Benefits.   

 
  
  



 


Contingent Obligations   

         Abbott has periodically entered into agreements with other companies in the ordinary course of business, such as assignment of product rights,
which has resulted in Abbott becoming secondarily liable for obligations that Abbott was previously primarily liable. Since Abbott no longer maintains a business relationship with the other parties,
Abbott is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these obligations. Based upon past experience, the likelihood of payments under these
agreements is remote. In addition, Abbott periodically acquires a business or product rights in which Abbott agrees to pay contingent consideration based on attaining certain thresholds or based on
the occurrence of certain events.  

 


 


Legislative Issues   

         Abbott's primary markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations throughout the world. Abbott expects debate to
continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services. It is not possible to predict the
extent to which Abbott or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. A more complete discussion of these factors is contained in Item 1,
Business, and Item 1A, Risk Factors.  

 



 


Recently Issued Accounting Standards   

         In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02,  Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income , which allows companies to reclassify stranded tax effects resulting from the TCJA, from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to retained earnings
(Earnings employed in the business). The standard would have become effective for Abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2019, with early adoption permitted. Abbott elected to adopt the new standard
at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2018. As a result of the adoption of the new standard, approximately $337 million of stranded tax effects were reclassified from Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) to Earnings employed in the business.  

         In
August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12,  Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities , which makes changes to the
designation and measurement guidance for qualifying hedging relationships and the presentation of hedge results. The standard would have become effective for Abbott beginning in the first quarter of
2019, with early adoption permitted. Abbott elected to early adopt ASU 2017-12 in the fourth quarter of 2018. The impact of adopting the standard is not significant to Abbott's Consolidated
Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

         In
March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07,  Compensation — Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic
Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost  which changes the financial statement presentation requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit expense.
While service cost continues to be reported in the same financial statement line items as other current employee compensation costs, the ASU requires all other components of pension and other
postretirement benefit expense to be presented separately from service cost, and outside any subtotal of income from operations. The standard was adopted by Abbott beginning in the first quarter of
2018. The change in the presentation of the components of pension cost per year was applied retrospectively. As a result, approximately $160 million of net pension-related income per year was
moved from the operating lines of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings to non-operating income for 2017 and 2016.  

 45 

 
 
 
   

         In
November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash , which requires that restricted cash be
included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. Abbott adopted this standard beginning in the first quarter
of 2018, and applied the guidance retrospectively to all periods presented. Abbott did not have any restricted cash balances in the periods presented except for $75 million of restricted cash
acquired as part of the Alere acquisition in October 2017. The restrictions on this cash were eliminated prior to the end of 2017.  

         In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory ,
which requires the recognition of the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets, other than inventory, in the period in which the transfer occurs. Abbott adopted the standard on
January 1, 2018, using a modified retrospective approach and recorded a cumulative catch-up adjustment to Earnings employed in the business in the Consolidated Balance Sheet that was not
significant.  

         In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ,
which clarifies how companies should present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. The ASU became effective for Abbott in the first quarter of 2018 and
did not have a material impact to the Company's Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  


         In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for most leases
on the balance sheet. The standard becomes effective for Abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2019. Abbott completed a detailed review of its leases. Abbott will use the modified retrospective
approach with the package of practical expedients which allows Abbott to carry forward the historical lease classification for existing or expired leases and to account for lease and non-lease
components as a single lease component for its lessee arrangements. Abbott does not expect the new lease accounting standard to have a material impact on the amounts reported in the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings. As a result of adopting ASU 2016-02, Abbott expects to record approximately $800 million to $900 million of right of use assets and lease liabilities for
operating leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

         In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments — Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities , which provides new guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities. Abbott adopted the standard on
January 1, 2018. Under the new standard, changes in the fair value of equity investments with readily determinable fair values are recorded in Other (income) expense, net within the
Consolidated Statement of Earnings. Previously, such fair value changes were recorded in other comprehensive income. Abbott has elected the measurement alternative allowed by ASU 2016-01 for
its equity investments without readily determinable fair values. These investments are measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus any changes resulting from observable price changes in
orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Changes in the measurement of these investments are being recorded in Other (income) expense, net within the
Consolidated Statement of Earnings. As part of the adoption, the cumulative-effect adjustment to Earnings employed in the business in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for net unrealized losses on equity
investments that
were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2017 was not significant.  


         In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which provides a single comprehensive model for
accounting for revenue from contracts with customers and supersedes nearly all previously existing revenue recognition guidance. The core principle of the ASU is that an entity should recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Abbott adopted the new standard as of January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective approach  

 46 

 
 
 
   

 method.
Under this method, entities recognize the cumulative effect of applying the new standard at the date of initial application with no restatement of comparative periods presented. The cumulative
effect of applying the new standard resulted in an increase to Earnings employed in the business in the Consolidated Balance Sheet of $23 million which was recorded on January 1, 2018.
The new standard has been applied only to those contracts that were not completed as of January 1, 2018. The impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 was not significant to individual financial
statement line items in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

 


 


Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 — A Caution Concerning
Forward-Looking Statements   

         Under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Abbott cautions investors that any forward-looking
statements or projections made by Abbott, including those made in this document, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.
Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors.   

   
       ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          

   
       Financial Instruments and Risk Management          

 


 


Market Price Sensitive Investments   

         The fair value of equity securities held by Abbott with a readily determinable fair value was approximately $13 million and
$11 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. These equity securities are subject to potential changes in fair value. A hypothetical 20 percent decrease in the share
prices of these investments would decrease their fair value at December 31, 2018 by approximately $3 million. Changes in the fair value of these securities are recorded in earnings. The
fair value of investments in mutual funds that are held in a rabbi trust for the purpose of paying benefits under a deferred compensation plan was approximately $307 million and
$363 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. Changes in the fair value of these investments are recorded in earnings.  

 


 


Non-Publicly Traded Equity Securities   

         Abbott holds equity securities that are not traded on public stock exchanges. The carrying value of these investments was $211 million
and $228 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. No individual investment is recorded at a value in excess of $61 million. Abbott measures these investments at
cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.  

 


 


Interest Rate Sensitive Financial Instruments   

         At December 31, 2018 and 2017, Abbott had interest rate hedge contracts totaling $2.9 billion and $4.0 billion,
respectively, to manage its exposure to changes in the fair value of debt. The effect of these hedges is to change the fixed interest rate to a variable rate for the portion of the debt that is
hedged. Abbott does not use derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swaps, to manage its exposure to changes in interest rates for its investment securities. The fair value of
long-term debt at December 31, 2018 and 2017 amounted to $19.9 billion and $29.0 billion, respectively (average interest rates of 3.5% and 3.6% as of December 31, 2018 and
2017, respectively) with maturities through 2046. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, the fair value of current and long-term investment securities amounted to approximately $1.1 billion. A
hypothetical 100-basis point change in the interest rates would not have a material effect on cash flows, income or fair values. (A 100-basis point change is believed to be a reasonably possible
near-term change in rates.)  

 47 

 
 
 
   

 


 


Foreign Currency Sensitive Financial Instruments   

         Certain Abbott foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange
rates for anticipated intercompany purchases by those subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. These contracts are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the
cash flows due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and are marked-to-market with the resulting gains or losses reflected in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Gains or losses
will be included in Cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally within the next twelve to eighteen months. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, Abbott held $5.1 billion
and $3.3 billion, respectively, of such contracts. Contracts held at December 31, 2018 will mature in 2019 or 2020 depending upon the contract. Contracts held at December 31, 2017
matured in 2018 or will mature in 2019 depending upon the contract.  

         Abbott
enters into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage its exposure to foreign currency denominated intercompany loans and trade payables and third-party trade payables
and receivables. The contracts are marked-to-market, and resulting gains or losses are reflected in income and are generally offset by losses or gains on the foreign currency exposure being managed.
At December 31, 2018 and 2017, Abbott held $13.6 billion and $20.1 billion, respectively, of such contracts, which mature in the next 24 months.  

         In
March 2017, Abbott repaid its $479 million foreign denominated short-term debt which was designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign subsidiary. At
December 31, 2016, the value of this short-term debt was $454 million, and changes in the fair value of the debt up through the date of repayment due to changes in exchange rates were
recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax.  

         The
following table reflects the total foreign currency forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
 (dollars in millions) 
   
 Contract 
Amount  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Exchange 
Rate  
   
 Fair and 
Carrying Value 
Receivable/ 
(Payable)  
   
 Contract 
Amount  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Exchange 
Rate  
   
 Fair and 
Carrying Value 
Receivable/ 
(Payable)  
   
 
 
   Primarily U.S. Dollars 
to be exchanged for 
the following currencies: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
 
 
$ 
 11,630 
   
   
 1.1938 
   
 
 
$ 
 13 
   
 
 
$ 
 16,877 
   
   
 1.1861 
   
 
 
$ 
 (24 
 ) 
 
 
   Chinese Yuan 
   
   
 1,592 
   
   
 6.9055 
   
   
 (10 
 ) 
   
 1,221 
   
   
 6.8128 
   
   
 (33 
 ) 
 
 
   Japanese Yen 
   
   
 1,079 
   
   
 108.2188 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 1,109 
   
   
 110.5370 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   All other currencies 
   
   
 4,388 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 4,230 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 (25 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,689 
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 19 
   
 
 
$ 
 23,437 
   
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 (67 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  48 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 

       ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Page  
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statement of Earnings 
   
   
 50 
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
   
   
 51 
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
   
   
 52 
   
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
   
 53 
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Investment 
   
   
 55 
   
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
   
 56 
   
 
 
   Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
   
   
 95 
   
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
   
 96 
   
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
   
 97 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  49 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
       Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Statement of Earnings   (in millions except per share data)          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Net Sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 30,578 
   
 
 
$ 
 27,390 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,853  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cost of products sold, excluding amortization of intangible assets 
   
   
 12,706 
   
   
 12,409 
   
   
 9,094 
   
 
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
   
   
 2,178 
   
   
 1,975 
   
   
 550 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 2,300 
   
   
 2,260 
   
   
 1,447 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 9,744 
   
   
 9,182 
   
   
 6,736  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Operating Cost and Expenses 
   
   
 26,928 
   
   
 25,826 
   
   
 17,827  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Operating Earnings 
   
   
 3,650 
   
   
 1,564 
   
   
 3,026 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 826 
   
   
 904 
   
   
 431 
   
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 (105 
 ) 
   
 (124 
 ) 
   
 (99 
 ) 
 
 
   Net foreign exchange (gain) loss 
   
   
 28 
   
   
 (34 
 ) 
   
 495 
   
 
 
   Debt extinguishment costs 
   
   
 167 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other (income) expense, net 
   
   
 (139 
 ) 
   
 (1,413 
 ) 
   
 786  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Taxes 
   
   
 2,873 
   
   
 2,231 
   
   
 1,413 
   
 
 
   Taxes on Earnings from Continuing Operations 
   
   
 539 
   
   
 1,878 
   
   
 350  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Earnings from Continuing Operations 
   
   
 2,334 
   
   
 353 
   
   
 1,063 
   
 
 
   Earnings from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes 
   
   
 34 
   
   
 124 
   
   
 321 
   
 
 
   Gain on sale of Discontinued Operations, net of taxes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 16  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes 
   
   
 34 
   
   
 124 
   
   
 337  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net Earnings 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,368 
   
 
 
$ 
 477 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,400  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Basic Earnings Per Common Share — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Continuing Operations 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.32 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.20 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.71 
   
 
 
   Discontinued Operations 
   
   
 0.02 
   
   
 0.07 
   
   
 0.23 
   
 
 
   Net Earnings 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.34 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.27 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.94 
   
 
 
   Diluted Earnings Per Common Share — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Continuing Operations 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.31 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.20 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.71 
   
 
 
   Discontinued Operations 
   
   
 0.02 
   
   
 0.07 
   
   
 0.23 
   
 
 
   Net Earnings 
   
 
 
$ 
 1.33 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.27 
   
 
 
$ 
 0.94 
   
 
 
   Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding Used for Basic Earnings Per Common Share 
   
   
 1,758 
   
   
 1,740 
   
   
 1,477 
   
 
 
   Dilutive Common Stock Options 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 6  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding Plus Dilutive Common Stock Options 
   
   
 1,770 
   
   
 1,749 
   
   
 1,483  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Outstanding Common Stock Options Having No Dilutive Effect 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement.  

 50 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
       Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   (in millions)          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Net Earnings 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,368 
   
 
 
$ 
 477 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,400  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Foreign currency translation gain (loss) adjustments 
   
   
 (1,460 
 ) 
   
 1,365 
   
   
 (130 
 ) 
 
 
   Net actuarial gains (losses) and prior service cost and credits and amortization of net actuarial losses and prior service cost and credits, net of taxes
of $47 in 2018, $(61) in 2017 and $(125) in 2016 
   
   
 132 
   
   
 (243 
 ) 
   
 (326 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable equity securities, net of taxes of $(76) in 2017 and $(28) in 2016 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 64 
   
   
 (134 
 ) 
 
 
   Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, net of taxes of $50 in 2018, $(43) in 2017 and $(4) in 2016 
   
   
 136 
   
   
 (134 
 ) 
   
 (15 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
   
 (1,192 
 ) 
   
 1,052 
   
   
 (605 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Comprehensive Income 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,176 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,529 
   
 
 
$ 
 795  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Supplemental Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Information, net of tax as of December 31: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cumulative foreign currency translation (loss) adjustments 
   
 
 
$ 
 (4,912 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (3,452 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (4,959 
 ) 
 
 
   Net actuarial (losses) and prior service (cost) and credits 
   
   
 (2,726 
 ) 
   
 (2,521 
 ) 
   
 (2,284 
 ) 
 
 
   Cumulative unrealized gains (losses) on marketable equity securities 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (5 
 ) 
   
 (69 
 ) 
 
 
   Cumulative gains (losses) on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges 
   
   
 52 
   
   
 (84 
 ) 
   
 49  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7,586 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (6,062 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (7,263 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement.  

 51 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
       Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows   (in millions)          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Cash Flow From (Used in) Operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,368 
   
 
 
$ 
 477 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,400 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile earnings to net cash from operating activities — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation 
   
   
 1,100 
   
   
 1,046 
   
   
 803 
   
 
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
   
   
 2,178 
   
   
 1,975 
   
   
 550 
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 477 
   
   
 406 
   
   
 310 
   
 
 
   Impact of currency devaluation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 480 
   
 
 
   Amortization of inventory step-up 
   
   
 32 
   
   
 907 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Investing and financing losses, net 
   
   
 126 
   
   
 47 
   
   
 86 
   
 
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
   
 167 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Amortization of bridge financing fees 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 165 
   
 
 
   Gains on sale of businesses 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,163 
 ) 
   
 (25 
 ) 
 
 
   Mylan N.V. equity investment adjustment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 947 
   
 
 
   Gain on sale of Mylan N.V. shares 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (45 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Trade receivables 
   
   
 (190 
 ) 
   
 (207 
 ) 
   
 (177 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (514 
 ) 
   
 249 
   
   
 (98 
 ) 
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other assets 
   
   
 23 
   
   
 109 
   
   
 113 
   
 
 
   Trade accounts payable and other liabilities 
   
   
 747 
   
   
 615 
   
   
 (652 
 ) 
 
 
   Income taxes 
   
   
 (214 
 ) 
   
 1,149 
   
   
 (699 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net Cash From Operating Activities 
   
   
 6,300 
   
   
 5,570 
   
   
 3,203  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash Flow From (Used in) Investing Activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquisitions of property and equipment 
   
   
 (1,394 
 ) 
   
 (1,135 
 ) 
   
 (1,121 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisitions of businesses and technologies, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (17,183 
 ) 
   
 (80 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from business dispositions 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 6,042 
   
   
 25 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from the sale of Mylan N.V. shares 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,704 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchases of investment securities 
   
   
 (131 
 ) 
   
 (210 
 ) 
   
 (2,823 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales of investment securities 
   
   
 73 
   
   
 129 
   
   
 3,709 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 35 
   
   
 42  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net Cash From (Used in) Investing Activities 
   
   
 (1,356 
 ) 
   
 (9,618 
 ) 
   
 (248 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash Flow From (Used in) Financing Activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of (repayments of) short-term debt and other 
   
   
 (26 
 ) 
   
 (1,034 
 ) 
   
 (1,767 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt and debt with maturities over 3 months 
   
   
 4,009 
   
   
 6,742 
   
   
 14,934 
   
 
 
   Repayments of long-term debt and debt with maturities over 3 months 
   
   
 (12,433 
 ) 
   
 (8,650 
 ) 
   
 (12 
 ) 
 
 
   Payment of bridge financing fees 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (170 
 ) 
 
 
   Purchase of Alere preferred stock 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (710 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Acquisition and contingent consideration payments related to business acquisitions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (13 
 ) 
   
 (25 
 ) 
 
 
   Purchases of common shares 
   
   
 (238 
 ) 
   
 (117 
 ) 
   
 (522 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from stock options exercised 
   
   
 271 
   
   
 350 
   
   
 248 
   
 
 
   Dividends paid 
   
   
 (1,974 
 ) 
   
 (1,849 
 ) 
   
 (1,539 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net Cash From (Used in) Financing Activities 
   
   
 (10,391 
 ) 
   
 (5,281 
 ) 
   
 11,147  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 (116 
 ) 
   
 116 
   
   
 (483 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
   
 (5,563 
 ) 
   
 (9,213 
 ) 
   
 13,619 
   
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year 
   
   
 9,407 
   
   
 18,620 
   
   
 5,001  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,844 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,407 
   
 
 
$ 
 18,620  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Income taxes paid 
   
 
 
$ 
 740 
   
 
 
$ 
 570 
   
 
 
$ 
 620 
   
 
 
   Interest paid 
   
   
 845 
   
   
 917 
   
   
 181 
   
 
 
 
  
  The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement.  

 52 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   

 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries   

  Consolidated Balance Sheet 
(dollars in millions)   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,844 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,407 
   
 
 
   Investments, primarily bank time deposits and U.S. treasury bills 
   
   
 242 
   
   
 203 
   
 
 
   Trade receivables, less allowances of — 2018: $314; 2017: $294 
   
   
 5,182 
   
   
 5,249 
   
 
 
   Inventories: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Finished products 
   
   
 2,407 
   
   
 2,339 
   
 
 
   Work in process 
   
   
 499 
   
   
 472 
   
 
 
   Materials 
   
   
 890 
   
   
 790  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total inventories 
   
   
 3,796 
   
   
 3,601 
   
 
 
   Other prepaid expenses and receivables 
   
   
 1,559 
   
   
 1,667 
   
 
 
   Current assets held for disposition 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 20  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Current Assets 
   
   
 14,632 
   
   
 20,147  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Investments 
   
   
 897 
   
   
 883 
   
 
 
   Property and Equipment, at Cost: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Land 
   
   
 501 
   
   
 526 
   
 
 
   Buildings 
   
   
 3,555 
   
   
 3,613 
   
 
 
   Equipment 
   
   
 10,756 
   
   
 10,394 
   
 
 
   Construction in progress 
   
   
 894 
   
   
 732  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
   
 15,706 
   
   
 15,265 
   
 
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 8,143 
   
   
 7,658  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net Property and Equipment 
   
   
 7,563 
   
   
 7,607  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Intangible Assets, net of amortization 
   
   
 18,942 
   
   
 21,473 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 23,254 
   
   
 24,020 
   
 
 
   Deferred Income Taxes and Other Assets 
   
   
 1,868 
   
   
 1,944 
   
 
 
   Non-current Assets Held for Disposition 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 176  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 67,173 
   
 
 
$ 
 76,250  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  53 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
       Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Balance Sheet   (dollars in millions)          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Liabilities and Shareholders' Investment 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
   
 
 
$ 
 200 
   
 
 
$ 
 206 
   
 
 
   Trade accounts payable 
   
   
 2,975 
   
   
 2,402 
   
 
 
   Salaries, wages and commissions 
   
   
 1,182 
   
   
 1,187 
   
 
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
   
   
 3,780 
   
   
 3,811 
   
 
 
   Dividends payable 
   
   
 563 
   
   
 489 
   
 
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 305 
   
   
 309 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 508  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Current Liabilities 
   
   
 9,012 
   
   
 8,912  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Long-term Debt 
   
   
 19,359 
   
   
 27,210 
   
 
 
   Post-employment obligations and other long-term liabilities 
   
   
 8,080 
   
   
 9,030 
   
 
 
   Commitments and Contingencies 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shareholders' Investment: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Preferred shares, one dollar par value Authorized — 1,000,000 shares, none issued 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common shares, without par value Authorized — 2,400,000,000 shares Issued at stated capital amount — Shares: 2018: 1,971,189,465;
2017: 1,965,908,188 
   
   
 23,512 
   
   
 23,206 
   
 
 
   Common shares held in treasury, at cost — Shares: 2018: 215,570,043; 2017: 222,305,719 
   
   
 (9,962 
 ) 
   
 (10,225 
 ) 
 
 
   Earnings employed in the business 
   
   
 24,560 
   
   
 23,978 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (7,586 
 ) 
   
 (6,062 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Abbott Shareholders' Investment 
   
   
 30,524 
   
   
 30,897 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling Interests in Subsidiaries 
   
   
 198 
   
   
 201  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Shareholders' Investment 
   
   
 30,722 
   
   
 31,098  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 67,173 
   
 
 
$ 
 76,250  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement.  

 54 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
       Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Investment   (in millions except shares and per share data)          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31  
   
 
 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Common Shares: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of Year 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2018: 1,965,908,188; 2017: 1,707,475,455; 2016: 1,702,017,390 
   
 
 
$ 
 23,206 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,027 
   
 
 
$ 
 12,734 
   
 
 
   Issued under incentive stock programs 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2018: 5,281,277; 2017: 8,834,924; 2016: 5,458,065 
   
   
 163 
   
   
 242 
   
   
 222 
   
 
 
   Issued for St. Jude Medical acquisition 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2017: 249,597,809 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,835 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 479 
   
   
 406 
   
   
 311 
   
 
 
   Issuance of restricted stock awards 
   
   
 (336 
 ) 
   
 (304 
 ) 
   
 (240 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   End of Year 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2018: 1,971,189,465; 2017: 1,965,908,188; 2016: 1,707,475,455 
   
 
 
$ 
 23,512 
   
 
 
$ 
 23,206 
   
 
 
$ 
 13,027  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Common Shares Held in Treasury: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of Year 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2018: 222,305,719; 2017: 234,606,250; 2016: 229,352,338 
   
 
 
$ 
 (10,225 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (10,791 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (10,622 
 ) 
 
 
   Issued under incentive stock programs 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2018: 8,870,735; 2017: 8,696,320; 2016: 5,398,469 
   
   
 408 
   
   
 400 
   
   
 250 
   
 
 
   Issued for St. Jude Medical acquisition 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2017: 3,906,848 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 180 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchased 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2018: 2,135,059; 2017: 302,637; 2016: 10,652,381 
   
   
 (145 
 ) 
   
 (14 
 ) 
   
 (419 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   End of Year 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Shares: 2018: 215,570,043; 2017: 222,305,719; 2016: 234,606,250 
   
 
 
$ 
 (9,962 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (10,225 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (10,791 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Earnings Employed in the Business: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of Year 
   
 
 
$ 
 23,978 
   
 
 
$ 
 25,565 
   
 
 
$ 
 25,757 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 2,368 
   
   
 477 
   
   
 1,400 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared on common shares (per share — 2018: $1.16; 2017: $1.075; 2016: $1.045) 
   
   
 (2,047 
 ) 
   
 (1,947 
 ) 
   
 (1,547 
 ) 
 
 
   Effect of common and treasury share transactions 
   
   
 (90 
 ) 
   
 (117 
 ) 
   
 (45 
 ) 
 
 
   Impact of adoption of new accounting standards 
   
   
 351 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   End of Year 
   
 
 
$ 
 24,560 
   
 
 
$ 
 23,978 
   
 
 
$ 
 25,565  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of Year 
   
 
 
$ 
 (6,062 
 ) 
 

 
$ 
 (7,263 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (6,658 
 ) 
 
 
   Business dispositions / separation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 149 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (1,192 
 ) 
   
 1,052 
   
   
 (605 
 ) 
 
 
   Impact of adoption of new accounting standards 
   
   
 (332 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   End of Year 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7,586 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (6,062 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (7,263 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Noncontrolling Interest in Subsidiaries: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of Year 
   
 
 
$ 
 201 
   
 
 
$ 
 179 
   
 
 
$ 
 115 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling Interests' share of income, business combinations, net of distributions and share repurchases 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 22 
   
   
 64  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   End of Year 
   
 
 
$ 
 198 
   
 
 
$ 
 201 
   
 
 
$ 
 179  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement.  

 55 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
       Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          

 


 


Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

 
        NATURE OF BUSINESS — Abbott's principal business is the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a broad line of health care products.  


         BASIS
OF CONSOLIDATION — The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the parent company and subsidiaries, after elimination of intercompany
transactions.  

         USE
OF ESTIMATES — The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and
necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates; income taxes;
pension and other post-employment benefits, including certain asset values that are based on significant unobservable inputs; valuation of intangible assets; litigation; derivative financial
instruments; and inventory and accounts receivable exposures.  

         FOREIGN
CURRENCY TRANSLATION — The statements of earnings of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S.
dollars using average exchange rates for the period. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries whose functional currencies are other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange
rates as of the balance sheet date. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recorded in the foreign currency translation
adjustment account, which is included in equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Transaction gains and losses are recorded on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line
of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

         REVENUE
RECOGNITION — Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery
terms set forth in the customer contract. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and
returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is
used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for shipments in excess of a customer's
normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary. In certain of Abbott's businesses,
primarily within diagnostics, Abbott participates in selling arrangements that include multiple performance obligations (e.g., instruments, reagents, procedures, and service agreements). The
total transaction price of the contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying
each performance obligation. Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.  

         INCOME
TAXES — Deferred income taxes are provided for the tax effect of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the
financial statements at the enacted statutory rate to be in effect when the taxes are paid. No additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject
to the transition tax related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or any additional outside basis differences that exist, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations.
Interest and penalties on income tax obligations are included in taxes on earnings.  

         EARNINGS
PER SHARE — Unvested restricted stock units and awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends are treated as participating securities and are
included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method. Under the two-class method, net earnings are allocated between  

 56 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

 common
shares and participating securities. Earnings from Continuing Operations allocated to common shares in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $2.320 billion, $346 million and
$1.057 billion, respectively. Net earnings allocated to common shares in 2018, 2017 and 2016 were $2.353 billion, $468 million and $1.393 billion, respectively.  

         PENSION
AND POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS — Abbott accrues for the actuarially determined cost of pension and post-employment benefits over the service attribution periods
of the employees. Abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. Differences
between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual return are amortized over a five-year period. Actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution
periods of the employees under the corridor method.  

         FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENTS — For assets and liabilities that are measured using quoted prices in active markets, total fair value is the published market price per unit
multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs are valued by reference to similar
assets or liabilities, adjusted for contract restrictions and other terms specific to that asset or liability. For these items, a significant portion of fair value is derived by reference to quoted
prices of similar assets or liabilities in active markets. For all remaining assets and liabilities, fair value is derived using a fair value model, such as a discounted cash flow model or
Black-Scholes model. Purchased intangible assets are recorded at fair value. The fair value of significant purchased intangible assets is based on independent appraisals. Abbott uses a discounted cash
flow model to value intangible assets. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, the cost of capital, terminal values and market
participants. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on a quarterly basis. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually.  

         SHARE-BASED
COMPENSATION — The fair value of stock options and restricted stock awards and units are amortized over their requisite service period, which could be
shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible, with a charge to compensation expense.  


         In
March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting . ASU 2016-09 modifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes and
classification on the statement of cash flows. Abbott adopted the standard in the first quarter of 2017 and the following changes were made to the presentation of Abbott's financial
statements: 

 
 
 •  All excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are now recognized as income tax benefit or expense as applicable. Previously, Abbott recorded the
benefits to Shareholders' Investment. The tax benefit recorded in Abbott's Consolidated Statement of Earnings for 2018 and 2017 was $90 million and $120 million, respectively. The
standard did not permit retrospective presentation of this benefit in prior years.  
 •  The tax benefit or deficiency is required to be classified as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows. Previously, it was required
to be classified within financing activities. Abbott has adopted this standard on a prospective basis and has not revised the classification of the excess tax benefit in the 2016 Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows.  
 
 57 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  


         LITIGATION —
Abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with FASB ASC No. 450, "Contingencies." Under ASC No. 450, loss contingency provisions
are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. Legal fees are recorded as incurred.  

         CASH,
CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS — Cash equivalents consist of bank time deposits, U.S. government securities money market funds and U.S. treasury bills with
original maturities of three months or less. Abbott holds certain investments with a carrying value of approximately $325 million that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
Investments held in a rabbi trust and investments in publicly traded equity securities are recorded at fair value and changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. Investments in equity securities
that are not traded on public stock exchanges are recorded at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or
similar investments of the same issuer. Investments in debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity, as management has both the intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity, and are
reported at cost, net of any unamortized premium or discount. Income relating to these securities is reported as interest income.  

         TRADE
RECEIVABLE VALUATIONS — Accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value. The allowance against gross trade receivables reflects the best estimate of
probable losses inherent in the receivables portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, specific allowances for known troubled accounts and other currently available information.
Accounts receivable are charged off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted.  

         INVENTORIES —
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. Cost includes material and conversion costs.  


         PROPERTY
AND EQUIPMENT — Depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The following table shows
estimated useful lives of property and equipment:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Classification

 

  
   
 Estimated Useful Lives  
 
 
   Buildings 
   
 10 to 50 years (average 27 years) 
 
 
   Equipment 
   
 3 to 20 years (average 11 years) 
 
 
 
  
          PRODUCT
LIABILITY — Abbott accrues for product liability claims when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be
reasonably estimated based on existing information. The liabilities are adjusted quarterly as additional information becomes available. Receivables for insurance recoveries for product liability
claims are recorded as assets, on an undiscounted basis, when it is probable that a recovery will be realized. Product liability losses are self-insured.  


         RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS — Internal research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Clinical trial costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the
contracted work is performed. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development arrangements, the milestone payment obligations are expensed when the
milestone results are achieved.  

         ACQUIRED
IN-PROCESS AND COLLABORATIONS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (IPR&D) — The initial costs of rights to IPR&D projects obtained in an asset acquisition are expensed
as  

 58 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

 IPR&D
unless the project has an alternative future use. These costs include initial payments incurred prior to regulatory approval in connection with research and development collaboration agreements
that provide rights to develop, manufacture, market and/or sell pharmaceutical products. The fair value of IPR&D projects acquired in a business combination are capitalized and accounted for as
indefinite-lived intangible assets until completed and are then amortized over the remaining useful life. Collaborations are not significant.  

         CONCENTRATION
OF RISK AND GUARANTEES — Due to the nature of its operations, Abbott is not subject to significant concentration risks relating to customers, products or
geographic locations. Product warranties are not significant.  

         Abbott
has no material exposures to off-balance sheet arrangements; no special purpose entities; nor activities that include non-exchange-traded contracts accounted for at fair value.
Abbott has periodically entered into agreements in the ordinary course of business, such as assignment of product rights, with other companies, which has resulted in Abbott becoming secondarily liable
for obligations that Abbott was previously primarily liable. Since Abbott no longer maintains a business relationship with the other parties, Abbott is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum
potential amount of future payments, if any, under these obligations. Based upon past experience, the likelihood of payments under these agreements is remote. Abbott periodically acquires a business
or product rights in which Abbott agrees to pay contingent consideration based on attaining certain thresholds or based on the occurrence of certain events.  

 


 


Note 2 — New Accounting Standards   

 



 


Recently Adopted Accounting Standards   

         In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02,  Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income , which allows companies to reclassify stranded tax effects resulting from the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, from accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) to retained earnings (Earnings employed in the business). Abbott adopted the new standard at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2018. As a result of the adoption of the new standard,
approximately $337 million of stranded tax effects were reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to Earnings employed in the business.  


         In
August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12,  Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities , which makes changes to the
designation and measurement guidance for qualifying hedging relationships and the presentation of hedge results. The standard would have become effective for Abbott beginning in the first quarter of
2019, with early adoption permitted. Abbott elected to early adopt ASU 2017-12 in the fourth quarter of 2018. The impact of adopting the standard is not significant to Abbott's Consolidated
Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

         In
March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07,  Compensation — Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net
Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost  which changes the financial statement presentation requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit
expense. While service cost continues to be reported in the same financial statement line items as other current employee compensation costs, the ASU requires all other components of pension and other
postretirement benefit expense to be presented separately from service cost, and outside any subtotal of income from operations. The standard was adopted by Abbott beginning in the first quarter of
2018. The change in the presentation of the components of pension cost per year was applied retrospectively. As a  

 59 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 2 — New Accounting Standards (Continued)  

 result,
approximately $160 million of net pension-related income per year was moved from the operating lines of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings to non-operating income for 2017 and 2016.  

         In
November 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash , which requires that restricted cash be
included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. Abbott adopted this standard beginning in the first quarter
of 2018, and applied the guidance retrospectively to all periods presented. Abbott did not have any restricted cash balances in the periods presented except for $75 million of restricted cash
acquired as part of the Alere Inc. (Alere) acquisition in October 2017. The restrictions on this cash were eliminated prior to the end of 2017.  

         In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16,  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than
Inventory , which requires the recognition of the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets, other than inventory, in the period in which the transfer
occurs. Abbott adopted the standard on January 1, 2018, using a modified retrospective approach and recorded a cumulative catch-up adjustment to Earnings employed in the business in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet that was not significant.  

         In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ,
which clarifies how companies should present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. The ASU became effective for Abbott in the first quarter of 2018 and
did not have a material impact to the Company's Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  

         In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments — Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities , which provides new guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities. Abbott adopted the standard on
January 1, 2018. Under the new standard, changes in the fair value of equity investments with readily determinable fair values are recorded in Other (income) expense, net within the
Consolidated Statement of Earnings. Previously, such fair value changes were recorded in other comprehensive income. Abbott has elected the measurement alternative allowed by ASU 2016-01 for
its equity investments without readily determinable fair values. These investments are measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus any changes resulting from observable price changes in
orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Changes in the measurement of these investments are being recorded in Other (income) expense, net within the
Consolidated Statement of Earnings. As part of the adoption, the cumulative-effect adjustment to Earnings employed in the business in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for net unrealized losses on equity
investments that were recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2017 was not significant.  

         In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which provides a single comprehensive model for
accounting for revenue from contracts with customers and supersedes nearly all previously existing revenue recognition guidance. The core principle of the ASU is that an entity should recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Abbott adopted the new standard as of January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective approach method. Under this method, entities recognize the cumulative effect of applying the new standard
at the date of initial application with no restatement of comparative periods presented. The cumulative effect of applying the new standard resulted in an increase to Earnings employed in the business
in the  

 60 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 2 — New Accounting Standards (Continued)  

 Consolidated
Balance Sheet of $23 million which was recorded on January 1, 2018. The new standard has been applied only to those contracts that were not completed as of January 1,
2018. The impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 was not significant to individual financial statement line items in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  


 


 


Recent Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted   

         In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which requires lessees to
recognize assets and liabilities for most leases on the balance sheet. The standard becomes effective for Abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2019. Abbott completed a detailed review of its
leases. Abbott will use the modified retrospective approach with the package of practical expedients which allows Abbott to carry forward the historical lease classification for leases existing at, or
entered into after the beginning of the period of adoption and to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for its lessee arrangements. Abbott does not expect the new
lease accounting standard to have a material impact on the amounts reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. As a result of adopting ASU 2016-02, Abbott expects to record
approximately $800 million to $900 million of right of use assets and lease liabilities for operating leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  

 


 


Note 3 — Revenue   

 
        Abbott's revenues are derived primarily from the sale of a broad line of health care products under short-term receivable arrangements. Patent protection and licenses, technological and
performance features, and inclusion of Abbott's products under a contract most impact which products are sold; price controls, competition and rebates most impact the net selling prices of products;
and foreign currency translation impacts the measurement of net sales and costs. Abbott's products are generally sold directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals, health care
facilities, laboratories, physicians' offices and government agencies throughout the world. Abbott has four reportable segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional
Products, and Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products. Diabetes Care is a non-reportable segment and is included in Other in the following table.  

 61 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  


 


 


Note 3 — Revenue (Continued)  

         The
following tables provide detail by sales category:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 U.S.  
   
 Int'l  
   
 Total  
   
 U.S.  
   
 Int'l  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Established Pharmaceutical Products — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Key Emerging Markets 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,363 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,363 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,307 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,307 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,059 
   
   
 1,059 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 980 
   
   
 980  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,422 
   
   
 4,422 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,287 
   
   
 4,287 
   
 
 
   Nutritionals — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Pediatric Nutritionals 
   
   
 1,843 
   
   
 2,254 
   
   
 4,097 
   
   
 1,777 
   
   
 2,112 
   
   
 3,889 
   
 
 
   Adult Nutritionals 
   
   
 1,232 
   
   
 1,900 
   
   
 3,132 
   
   
 1,254 
   
   
 1,782 
   
   
 3,036  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
   
 3,075 
   
   
 4,154 
   
   
 7,229 
   
   
 3,031 
   
   
 3,894 
   
   
 6,925 
   
 
 
   Diagnostics — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Core Laboratory 
   
   
 985 
   
   
 3,401 
   
   
 4,386 
   
   
 921 
   
   
 3,142 
   
   
 4,063 
   
 
 
   Molecular 
   
   
 152 
   
   
 332 
   
   
 484 
   
   
 160 
   
   
 303 
   
   
 463 
   
 
 
   Point of Care 
   
   
 432 
   
   
 121 
   
   
 553 
   
   
 440 
   
   
 110 
   
   
 550 
   
 
 
   Rapid Diagnostics 
   
   
 1,148 
   
   
 924 
   
   
 2,072 
   
   
 296 
   
   
 244 
   
   
 540  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
   
 2,717 
   
   
 4,778 
   
   
 7,495 
   
   
 1,817 
   
   
 3,799 
   
   
 5,616 
   
 
 
   Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation — 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Rhythm Management 
   
   
 1,019 
   
   
 1,072 
   
   
 2,091 
   
   
 1,030 
   
   
 1,073 
   
   
 2,103 
   
 
 
   Electrophysiology 
   
   
 764 
   
   
 904 
   
   
 1,668 
   
   
 609 
   
   
 773 
   
   
 1,382 
   
 
 
   Heart Failure 
   
   
 467 
   
   
 179 
   
   
 646 
   
   
 491 
   
   
 152 
   
   
 643 
   
 
 
   Vascular 
   
   
 1,126 
   
   
 1,803 
   
   
 2,929 
   
   
 1,180 
   
   
 1,712 
   
   
 2,892 
   
 
 
   Structural Heart 
   
   
 488 
   
   
 751 
   
   
 1,239 
   
   
 432 
   
   
 651 
   
   
 1,083 
   
 
 
   Neuromodulation 
   
   
 690 
   
   
 174 
   
   
 864 
   
   
 636 
   
   
 172 
   
   
 808  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
   
 4,554 
   
   
 4,883 
   
   
 9,437 
   
   
 4,378 
   
   
 4,533 
   
   
 8,911 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 
493 
   
   
 
1,502 
   
   
 
1,995 
   
   
 
447 
   
   
 
1,204 
   
   
 
1,651  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,839 
   
 

 
$ 
 19,739 
   
 
 
$ 
 30,578 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,673 
   
 
 
$ 
 17,717 
   
 
 
$ 
 27,390  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Abbott
recognizes revenue from product sales upon the transfer of control, which is generally upon shipment or delivery, depending on the delivery terms set forth in the customer
contract. For maintenance agreements that provide service beyond Abbott's standard warranty and other service agreements, revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term. A time-based measure of
progress appropriately reflects the transfer of services to the customer. Payment terms between Abbott and its customers vary by the type of customer, country of sale, and the products or services
offered. The term between invoicing and the payment due date is not significant.  

         Management
exercises judgment in estimating variable consideration. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales incentives to customers, and returns and other adjustments are provided
for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the
reduction in gross sales. Abbott  

 62 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 3 — Revenue (Continued)  

 provides
rebates to government agencies, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations and other private entities.  


         Rebate
amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. Factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of
which products have
been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. Using historical trends, adjusted for current
changes, Abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when Abbott records its sale of the product. Settlement of the rebate
generally occurs from one to six months after sale. Abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs.
Historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income.  


         Other
allowances charged against gross sales include cash discounts and returns, which are not significant. Cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore
can be reliably estimated. Returns can be reliably estimated because Abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales return terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for
several periods. Product warranties are also not significant.  

         Abbott
also applies judgment in determining the timing of revenue recognition related to contracts that include multiple performance obligations. The total transaction price of the
contract is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation.
For goods or services for which observable standalone selling prices are not available, Abbott uses an expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone selling price of each performance
obligation.  

 


 


Remaining Performance Obligations   

         As of December 31, 2018, the estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are
unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) was approximately $2.9 billion in the Diagnostic Products segment and approximately $410 million in the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products
segment. Abbott expects to recognize revenue on approximately 60 percent of these remaining performance obligations over the next 24 months, approximately 16 percent over the
subsequent 12 months and the remainder thereafter.  

         These
performance obligations primarily reflect the future sale of reagents/consumables in contracts with minimum purchase obligations, extended warranty or service obligations related
to previously sold equipment, and remote monitoring services related to previously implanted devices. Abbott has applied the practical expedient described in Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) 606-10-50-14 and has not included remaining performance obligations related to contracts with original expected durations of one year or less in the amounts above.  


 


 


Assets Recognized for Costs to Obtain a Contract with a Customer   

         Abbott has applied the practical expedient in ASC 340-40-25-4 and records as an expense the incremental costs of obtaining contracts with
customers in the period of occurrence when the amortization period of the asset that Abbott otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. Upfront commission fees paid to sales personnel as a
result of obtaining or renewing contracts with customers are incremental  

 63 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 3 — Revenue (Continued)  

 to
obtaining the contract. Abbott capitalizes these amounts as contract costs. Capitalized commission fees are amortized based on the contract duration to which the assets relate which ranges from two
to ten years. The amounts as of December 31, 2018, were not significant.  

         Additionally,
the cost of transmitters provided to customers that use Abbott's remote monitoring service with respect to certain medical devices are capitalized as contract costs.
Capitalized transmitter costs are amortized based on the timing of the transfer of services to which the assets relate, which typically ranges from eight to ten years. The amounts as of
December 31, 2018, were not significant.  

 


 


Other Contract Assets and Liabilities   

         Abbott discloses Trade receivables separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at their net realizable value. Contract assets primarily relate
to Abbott's conditional right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date. Contract assets at the beginning and end of the period, as well as the changes in the balance,
were not significant.  

         Contract
liabilities primarily relate to payments received from customers in advance of performance under the contract. Abbott's contract liabilities arise primarily in the
Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation reportable segment when payment is received upfront for various multi-period extended service arrangements. Changes in the contract liabilities during the period are
as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Contract Liabilities 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Balance at January 1, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 198 
   
 
 
   Unearned revenue from cash received during the period 
   
   
 304 
   
 
 
   Revenue recognized that was included in contract liability balance at beginning of period 
   
   
 (243 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 259  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 4 — Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Disposition   

 
        On February 27, 2015, Abbott completed the sale of its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business to Mylan Inc. (Mylan) for 110 million ordinary
shares (or approximately 22 percent) of a newly formed entity (Mylan N.V.) that combined Mylan's existing business and Abbott's developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals
business.  

         In
April 2015, Abbott sold 40.25 million of the 110 million ordinary shares of Mylan N.V. received in the sale of the developed markets branded generics
pharmaceuticals business to Mylan. In 2015, Abbott recorded a pretax gain of $207 million on $2.29 billion in net proceeds from the sale of these shares. In 2017, Abbott sold
69.75 million ordinary shares of Mylan N.V. and received $2.704 billion in proceeds. Abbott recorded a $45 million gain from the sale of these ordinary shares in 2017,
which was recognized in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. Abbott no longer has an ownership interest in Mylan N.V.  


         On
February 10, 2015, Abbott completed the sale of its animal health business to Zoetis Inc. Abbott received cash proceeds of $230 million and reported an after tax
gain on the sale of approximately $130 million. In the first quarter of 2016, Abbott received an additional $25 million of proceeds due to the expiration of a holdback agreement
associated with the sale of this business and reported an after-tax gain of $16 million.  

 64 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

 


 


Note 4 — Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Disposition (Continued)   


 
        As a result of the disposition of the above businesses, the operating results of these businesses up to the date of sale are reported as part of discontinued operations on the Earnings
from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes line in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

         On
January 1, 2013, Abbott completed the separation of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie), which was formed to hold Abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. Abbott
has retained all liabilities for all U.S. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to AbbVie's business. AbbVie generally
will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business.  

         The
net earnings of discontinued operations include income tax benefits of $39 million in 2018, $109 million in 2017 and $325 million in 2016. These tax benefits
primarily relate to the resolution of various tax positions related to AbbVie's operations for years prior to the separation.  

         In
September 2016, Abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell Abbott Medical Optics (AMO), its vision care business, to Johnson & Johnson for
$4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. The decision to sell AMO reflected Abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in
line with its strategic priorities. In February 2017, Abbott completed the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion including working capital
adjustments, which was reported in the Other (income) expense, net line of the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in 2017. Abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $728 million in 2017 related to
the sale of AMO. The operating results of AMO up to the date of sale continued to be included in Earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued
operations. For 2017 and 2016, the AMO earnings (losses) before taxes included in Abbott's consolidated earnings were $(18) million and $30 million, respectively.  

         As
discussed in Note 7 — Business Acquisitions, in conjunction with the acquisition of Alere, Abbott sold the Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology
business and the assets and liabilities related to its B-type Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel Corporation (Quidel). The legal transfer of certain assets
related to these businesses did not occur at the close of the sale to Quidel due to, among other factors, the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in
various countries. Under the terms of the sale agreement with Abbott, Quidel is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. The assets presented as held
for disposition in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, primarily relate to the businesses sold to Quidel.  

 65 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 4 — Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Disposition (Continued)  

         The
following is a summary of the assets held for disposition as of December 31, 2018 and 2017:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 December 31, 
2018  
   
 December 31, 
2017  
   
 
 
   Trade receivables, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 6 
   
 
 
$ 
 12 
   
 
 
   Total inventories 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 8  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Current assets held for disposition 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 20  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net property and equipment 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 56 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets, net of amortization 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 102  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Non-current assets held for disposition 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 176  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total assets held for disposition 
   
 
 
$ 
 26 
   
 
 
$ 
 196  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 5 — Supplemental Financial Information   

 
        Other (income) expense, net, for 2018, 2017 and 2016 includes approximately $160 million of income related to the non-service cost components of the net periodic benefit costs
associated with the pension and post-retirement medical plans. These amounts are being reported in other (income) expense as a result of the adoption of the new accounting standard for recognizing
pension cost. Other (income) expense, net, for 2017 includes a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion related to the sale of AMO to Johnson & Johnson. See Note 4 —
Discontinued Operations and Assets Held for Disposition for further discussion of this sale. In 2017, Abbott sold 69.75 million ordinary shares of Mylan N.V. and received
$2.704 billion in proceeds and recorded a $45 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of these ordinary shares. Other (income) expense, net, for 2016 includes expense of
$947 million to adjust Abbott's holding of Mylan N.V. ordinary shares due to a decline in the fair value of the securities which was considered by Abbott to be other than temporary.  


         The
detail of various balance sheet components is as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 December 31, 
2018  
   
 December 31, 
2017  
   
 
 
   Long-term Investments: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
 
 
$ 
 856 
   
 
 
$ 
 797 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 41 
   
   
 86  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 897 
   
 
 
$ 
 883  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Abbott's
equity securities as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, include $307 million and $363 million, respectively, of investments in mutual funds that
are held in a rabbi trust acquired as part of the St. Jude Medical, Inc. (St. Jude Medical) business acquisition. These investments, which are specifically designated as available
for the purpose of paying benefits under a deferred compensation plan, are not available for general corporate purposes and are subject to creditor claims in the event of insolvency.  


         Abbott
also holds certain investments as of December 31, 2018 with a carrying value of approximately $325 million that are accounted for under the equity method of
accounting and other equity investments with a carrying value of $211 million that do not have a readily determinable fair value. The $211 million  

 66 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 5 — Supplemental Financial Information (Continued)  


 carrying
value includes an unrealized gain of approximately $50 million on an investment. The gain was recorded in the second quarter of 2018 and relates to an observable price change for a
similar investment of the same issuer.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 December 31, 
2018  
   
 December 31, 
2017  
   
 
 
   Other Accrued Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accrued rebates payable to government agencies 
   
 
 
$ 
 166 
   
 
 
$ 
 124 
   
 
 
   Accrued other rebates (a) 
   
   
 608 
   
   
 498 
   
 
 
   All other 
   
   
 3,006 
   
   
 3,189  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,780 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,811  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Accrued
wholesaler chargeback rebates of $197 million and $178 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, are netted in trade
receivables because Abbott's customers are invoiced at a higher catalog price but only remit to Abbott their contract price for the products.   
  
  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 December 31, 
2018  
   
 December 31, 
2017  
   
 
 
   Post-employment Obligations and Other Long-term Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Defined benefit pension plans and post-employment medical and dental plans for significant plans 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,040 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,169 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 2,056 
   
   
 2,006 
   
 
 
   All other (b) 
   
   
 3,984 
   
   
 4,855  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,080 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,030  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  
 (b) 2018
includes approximately $465 million of net unrecognized tax benefits, as well as approximately $65 million of acquisition consideration payable.
2017 includes approximately $835 million of net unrecognized tax benefits, as well as approximately $100 million of acquisition consideration payable.  

         Since January 2010, Venezuela has been designated as a highly inflationary economy under U.S. GAAP. On February 17, 2016, the Venezuelan government
announced that its three-tier exchange rate system would be reduced to two rates renamed the DIPRO and DICOM rates. The DIPRO was the official rate for food and medicine imports and was adjusted from
6.3 to 10 bolivars per U.S. dollar. The DICOM rate was a floating market rate published daily by the Venezuelan central bank, which at the end of the first quarter of 2016 was approximately 263
bolivars per U.S. dollar. As a result of decreasing government approvals to convert bolivars to U.S. dollars to pay for intercompany accounts, as well as the accelerating deterioration of economic
conditions in the country, Abbott concluded that it was appropriate to move to the DICOM rate at the end of the first quarter of 2016. As a result, Abbott recorded a foreign currency exchange loss of
$480 million in 2016 to revalue its net monetary assets in Venezuela. After the revaluation, Abbott's investment in its Venezuelan operations was not significant.  

 67 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 6 — Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   

 
        The components of the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) from continuing operations, net of income taxes, are as follows: ( in
millions )  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Cumulative 
Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Adjustments  
   
 Net 
Actuarial 
Losses and 
Prior Service 
Costs and 
Credits  
   
 Cumulative 
Unrealized 
Gains 
(Losses) on 
Marketable 
Equity 
Securities  
   
 Cumulative 
Gains 
(Losses) on 
Derivative 
Instruments 
Designated as 
Cash Flow 
Hedges  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2016 
   
 
 
$ 
 (4,959 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (2,284 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (69 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 49 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7,263 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Impact of business dispositions 
   
   
 142 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 149  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
   
   
 1,365 
   
   
 (333 
 ) 
   
 182 
   
   
 (170 
 ) 
   
 1,044 
   
 
 
   (Income) loss amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (a) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 90 
   
   
 (118 
 ) 
   
 36 
   
   
 8  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 1,365 
   
   
 (243 
 ) 
   
 64 
   
   
 (134 
 ) 
   
 1,052  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 (3,452 
 ) 
   
 (2,521 
 ) 
   
 (5 
 ) 
   
 (84 
 ) 
   
 (6,062 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Impact of adoption of new accounting standards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (337 
 ) 
   
 5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (332 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
   
   
 (1,488 
 ) 
   
 (18 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 58 
   
   
 (1,448 
 ) 
 
 
   (Income) loss amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (a) 
   
   
 28 
   
   
 150 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 78 
   
   
 256  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 (1,460 
 ) 
   
 132 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 136 
   
   
 (1,192 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 (4,912 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (2,726 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 52 
   
 
 
$ 
 (7,586 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Reclassified
amounts for foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings as Net Foreign exchange (gain) loss; gains
(losses) on marketable equity securities are recorded as Other (income) expense and gains/losses related to cash flow hedges are recorded as Cost of products sold. Net actuarial losses and prior
service cost is included as a component of net periodic benefit cost — see Note 14 for additional information.  
  
  


 


Note 7 — Business Acquisitions   

 
        On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including
approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in Abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of Abbott common stock, based on
Abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of St. Jude Medical's debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by Abbott. The
acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and
branded generic pharmaceuticals. The combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market.  

 68 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 7 — Business Acquisitions (Continued)  

         Under
the terms of the agreement, for each St. Jude Medical common share, St. Jude Medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an Abbott common share. At an
Abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflects the closing price on January 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per St. Jude Medical common share and total
purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. The cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in November 2016 and a $2.0 billion
120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.  

         The
final allocation of the fair value of the St. Jude Medical acquisition is shown in the table below.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in billions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquired intangible assets, non-deductible 
   
 
 
$ 
 15.5 
   
 
 
   Goodwill, non-deductible 
   
   
 13.1 
   
 
 
   Acquired net tangible assets 
   
   
 3.0 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes recorded at acquisition 
   
   
 (2.7 
 ) 
 
 
   Net debt 
   
   
 (5.3 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total final allocation of fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 23.6  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is
identifiable to the
Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products reportable segment. The acquired tangible assets consist primarily of trade accounts receivable of approximately $1.1 billion, inventory of
approximately $1.7 billion, other current assets of $176 million, property and equipment of approximately $1.5 billion, and other long-term assets of approximately
$455 million. The acquired tangible liabilities consist of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $1.1 billion and other non-current liabilities of
approximately $870 million.  

         In
2016, Abbott and St. Jude Medical agreed to sell certain businesses to Terumo Corporation (Terumo) for approximately $1.12 billion. The sale included the St. Jude
Medical Angio-Seal™ and Femoseal™ vascular closure and Abbott's Vado® Steerable Sheath businesses. The sale closed on January 20, 2017 and no gain or loss
was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

         On
October 3, 2017, Abbott acquired Alere, a diagnostic device and service provider, for $51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately
$4.5 billion. As part of the acquisition, Abbott tendered for Alere's preferred shares for a total value of approximately $0.7 billion. In addition, approximately $3.0 billion of
Alere's debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. The acquisition establishes Abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands Abbott's global diagnostics presence and provides access to new
products, channels and geographies. Abbott utilized a combination of cash on hand and debt to fund the acquisition. See Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit for further details
regarding the debt utilized for the acquisition.  

 69 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 



 


Note 7 — Business Acquisitions (Continued)  

         The
final allocation of the fair value of the Alere acquisition is shown in the table below.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in billions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquired intangible assets, non-deductible 
   
 
 
$ 
 3.5 
   
 
 
   Goodwill, non-deductible 
   
   
 3.7 
   
 
 
   Acquired net tangible assets 
   
   
 1.0 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes recorded at acquisition 
   
   
 (0.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Net debt 
   
   
 (2.6 
 ) 
 
 
   Preferred stock 
   
   
 (0.7 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total final allocation of fair value 
   
 
 
$ 
 4.5  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. The goodwill is
identifiable to the Diagnostic Products reportable segment. The approximate value of the acquired tangible assets is $430 million of trade accounts receivable, $425 million of inventory,
$225 million of other current assets, $540 million of property and equipment, and $210 million of other long-term assets. The approximate value of the acquired tangible
liabilities is $675 million of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities and $145 million of other non-current liabilities.  

         In
the third quarter of 2017, Alere entered into agreements to sell its Triage MeterPro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its B-type
Natriuretic Peptide assay business run on Beckman Coulter analyzers to Quidel. The transactions with Quidel reflect a total purchase price of $400 million payable at the close of the
transaction, $240 million payable in six annual installments beginning approximately six months after the close of the transaction, and contingent consideration with a maximum value of
$40 million. In the third quarter of 2017, Alere entered into an agreement with Siemens Diagnostics Holding II B.V. (Siemens) to sell its subsidiary, Epocal Inc., for
approximately $200 million payable at the close of the transaction. Alere agreed to divest these businesses in connection with the review by the Federal Trade Commission and the European
Commission of Abbott's agreement to acquire Alere. The sale to Quidel closed on October 6, 2017, and the sale to Siemens closed on October 31, 2017. No gain or loss on these sales was
recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.  

         In
2017, consolidated Abbott results include $6.5 billion of sales and a pre-tax loss of approximately $1.3 billion related to the St. Jude Medical and Alere
acquisitions, including approximately $1.5 billion of intangible amortization and $907 million of inventory step-up amortization. The pre-tax loss excludes acquisition, integration and
restructuring-related costs.  

         If
the acquisitions of St. Jude Medical and Alere had occurred at the beginning of 2016, unaudited pro forma consolidated net sales would have been approximately
$28.9 billion and the unaudited pro forma consolidated net loss from continuing operations would have been approximately $485 million in 2016. This includes amortization of approximately
$940 million of inventory step-up and $1.7 billion of intangibles related to St. Jude Medical and Alere. For 2017, unaudited pro forma consolidated net sales would have been
approximately $28.9 billion and unaudited pro forma consolidated net earnings from continuing operations would have been approximately $750 million, which includes $225 million of
intangible amortization related to Alere. The unaudited pro forma consolidated net earnings from continuing operations for 2017 exclude inventory step-up amortization related to St. Jude
Medical and Alere of approximately $907 million which was recorded in 2017 but included in the 2016 unaudited pro  

 70 

 
 

 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 7 — Business Acquisitions (Continued)  

 forma
results as noted above. The unaudited pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the consolidated results of operations that would have been realized had the St. Jude Medical
and Alere acquisitions been completed as of the beginning of 2016, nor is it meant to be indicative of future results of operations that the combined entity will experience.  

         On
July 17, 2017, Abbott commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash the 1.77 million outstanding shares of Alere's Series B Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock
at a price of $402 per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends to, but not including, the settlement date of the tender offer. This tender offer was subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
including Abbott's acquisition of Alere and upon there being validly tendered (and not properly withdrawn) at the expiration date of the tender
offer that number of shares of Preferred Stock that equaled at least a majority of the Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the expiration of the tender offer. The tender offer expired on
October 3, 2017. All conditions to the offer were satisfied and Abbott accepted for payment the 1.748 million shares of Preferred Stock that were validly tendered (and not properly
withdrawn). The remaining shares were cashed out for an amount equal to the $400.00 per share liquidation preference of such shares, plus accrued but unpaid dividends, without interest. Payment for
all of the shares of Preferred Stock was made in the fourth quarter of 2017.  

 


 


Note 8 — Goodwill and Intangible Assets   

 
        The total amount of goodwill reported was $23.3 billion at December 31, 2018 and $24.0 billion at December 31, 2017. The amounts reported at
December 31, 2018 and 2017 exclude goodwill reported in non-current assets held for disposition. In 2018, foreign currency translation adjustments decreased goodwill by approximately
$440 million. Purchase price accounting adjustments associated with the Alere acquisition decreased goodwill by $326 million in 2018. Goodwill increased by $17.2 billion in 2017
due to the completion of the St. Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease of $1.5 billion due to the sale of certain businesses to Terumo, Quidel and Siemens.
Foreign currency translation increased goodwill by $653 million in 2017. The amount of goodwill related to reportable segments at December 31, 2018 was $3.0 billion for the
Established Pharmaceutical Products segment, $286 million for the Nutritional Products segment, $3.7 billion for the Diagnostic Products segment, and $15.3 billion for the
Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment. In 2018 and 2017, there were no significant reductions of goodwill relating to impairments.  

         The
gross amount of amortizable intangible assets, primarily product rights and technology was $25.7 billion and $25.6 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively, and accumulated amortization was $10.4 billion and $8.1 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In 2018, purchase price allocation adjustments
increased intangible assets by $280 million and foreign currency translation adjustments decreased intangible assets by $281 million. In 2017, the gross amount of amortizable intangible
assets increased by approximately $14.5 billion due to the completion of the St. Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease of $210 million due to the
sale of certain businesses to Quidel and Siemens.  

         Indefinite-lived
intangible assets, which relate to in-process research and development acquired in a business combination, were approximately $3.6 billion and $3.9 billion
at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The decrease in indefinite-lived intangible assets in 2018 primarily relates to purchase price allocation adjustments associated with the Alere
acquisition. In 2017, in-process research and development increased by $4.5 billion due to the completion of the St. Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions, a portion of which became
amortizable during the year. In 2017, Abbott also recorded a $53 million impairment of an  

 71 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 8 — Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Continued)  

 in-process
research and development project related to the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products segment.  

         The
estimated annual amortization expense for intangible assets recorded at December 31, 2018 is approximately $2.0 billion in 2019, $2.2 billion in 2020,
$2.1 billion in 2021, $2.0 billion in 2022 and $2.0 billion in 2023. Amortizable intangible assets are amortized over 2 to 20 years (weighted average 12 years).  

 


 


Note 9 — Restructuring Plans   

 
        In 2017 and 2018, Abbott management approved restructuring plans as part of the integration of the acquisitions of St. Jude Medical into the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation
Products segment, and Alere into the Diagnostic Products segment, in order to leverage economies of scale and reduce costs. Abbott recorded employee related severance and other charges of
approximately $52 million in 2018 and $187 million in 2017. Approximately $5 million in 2018 and 2017 is recorded in Cost of products sold, approximately $10 million in
2018 is recorded in Research and development, and approximately
$37 million in 2018 and $182 million in 2017 are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense. Abbott also assumed restructuring liabilities of approximately
$23 million as part of the St Jude Medical and Alere acquisitions. The following summarizes the activity related to these actions and the status of the related accruals:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities assumed as part of business acquisitions 
   
 
 
$ 
 23 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 187 
   
 
 
   Payments and other adjustments 
   
   
 (142 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 68 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 52 
   
 
 
   Payments and other adjustments 
   
   
 (79 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 41  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          From
2016 to 2018, Abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in various Abbott businesses including the nutritional,
established pharmaceuticals and vascular businesses. Abbott recorded employee related severance and other charges of approximately $28 million in 2018, $120 million in 2017 and
$32 million in 2016. Approximately $10 million in 2018, $7 million in 2017, and $9 million in 2016 are recorded in Cost of products sold, approximately $2 million in
2018, $77 million in 2017 and $5 million in 2016 are recorded in Research and development and approximately $16 million in 2018, $36 million in 2017 and $18 million
in 2016 are recorded in Selling, general and administrative expense. Additional charges of approximately $2 million in 2017 and 2016 were recorded primarily for accelerated depreciation.  

 72 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 9 — Restructuring Plans (Continued)  

         The
following summarizes the activity for these restructurings:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
 
 
$ 
 32 
   
 
 
   Payments and other adjustments 
   
   
 (15 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2016 
   
   
 17 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 120 
   
 
 
   Payments and other adjustments 
   
   
 (18 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2017 
   
   
 119 
   
 
 
   Restructuring charges 
   
   
 28 
   
 
 
   Payments and other adjustments 
   
   
 (77 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 70  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 

  
 ​



 

  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 

  
 ​


 

  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
  


 


Note 10 — Incentive Stock Program   

 
        The 2017 Incentive Stock Program authorizes the granting of nonqualified stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance awards, foreign benefits and other
share-based awards. Stock options and restricted stock awards and units comprise the majority of benefits that have been granted and are currently outstanding under this program and a prior program.
In 2018, Abbott granted 5,760,221 stock options, 871,331 restricted stock awards and 8,093,546 restricted stock units under this program.  

         Under
Abbott's stock incentive programs, the purchase price of shares under option must be at least equal to the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant, and the
maximum term of an option is 10 years. Options generally vest equally over three years. Restricted stock awards generally vest over 3 years, with no more than one-third of the award
vesting in any one year upon Abbott reaching a minimum return on equity target. Restricted stock units vest over three years and upon vesting, the recipient receives one share of Abbott stock for each
vested restricted stock unit. The aggregate fair market value of restricted stock awards and units is recognized as expense over the requisite service period, which may be shorter than the vesting
period if an employee is retirement eligible. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant. Restricted stock awards and settlement of vested restricted stock units are issued out of treasury shares.
Abbott generally issues new shares for exercises of stock options. As a policy, Abbott does not purchase its shares relating to its share-based programs.  

         In
April 2017, Abbott's shareholders authorized the 2017 Incentive Stock Program under which a maximum of 170 million shares were available for issuance. At December 31,
2018, approximately 144 million shares remained available for future issuance.  

         In
connection with the completion of the St. Jude Medical acquisition in the first quarter of 2017, unvested St. Jude Medical stock options and restricted stock units were
assumed by Abbott and converted into Abbott options and restricted stock units (as applicable) of substantially equivalent value, in accordance with the merger agreement. The number of shares
underlying the converted options was 7,364,571 at a weighted average exercise price of $30.50. The number of restricted stock units converted was 2,324,500 at a weighted average grant date fair value
of $37.69.  

 73 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 10 — Incentive Stock Program (Continued)  

         The
number of restricted stock awards and units outstanding and the weighted-average grant-date fair value at December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017 was 15,952,602 and
$52.11 and 15,518,719 and $42.82, respectively. The number of restricted stock awards and units, and the weighted-average grant-date fair value, that were granted, vested and lapsed during 2018 were
8,964,877 and $60.10, 7,522,375 and $42.85 and 1,008,619 and $49.27, respectively. The fair market value of restricted stock awards and units vested in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $458 million,
$348 million and $225 million, respectively.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Options Outstanding  
   
 Exercisable Options  
   
 
 
   
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Life (Years)  
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price  
   
 Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Life (Years)  
   
 
 
   December 31, 2017 
   
   
 35,813,800 
   
 
 
$ 
 36.85 
   
   
 5.8 
   
   
 22,216,890 
   
 
 
$ 
 34.54 
   
   
 4.7  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 5,760,221 
   
   
 60.02 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (7,690,569 
 ) 
   
 30.34 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Lapsed 
   
   
 (808,839 
 ) 
   
 44.77 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   December 31, 2018 
   
   
 33,074,613 
   
 
 
$ 
 42.21 
   
   
 6.3 
   
   
 21,660,783 
   
 
 
$ 
 38.05 
   
   
 5.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2018 were $996 million and $743 million, respectively. The total intrinsic value
of options exercised in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $249 million, $233 million and $98 million, respectively. The total unrecognized compensation cost related to all share-based
compensation plans at December 31, 2018 amounted to approximately $364 million, which is expected to be recognized over the next three years.  


         Total
non-cash stock compensation expense charged against income from continuing operations in 2018, 2017 and 2016 for share-based plans totaled approximately $477 million,
$406 million and $310 million, respectively, and the tax benefit recognized was approximately $185 million, $242 million and $100 million, respectively. The decrease
in the tax benefit in 2018 primarily relates to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA), which reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. The increase in the 2017 tax benefit primarily
relates to the $120 million of tax benefit recorded in income after the adoption of ASU 2016-09. Stock compensation cost capitalized as part of inventory is not significant.  


         The
fair value of an option granted in 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $10.93, $6.54, and $4.38, respectively. The fair value of an option grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following assumptions:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 2.7 
 % 
   
 2.1 
 % 
   
 1.4 
 % 
 
 
   Average life of options (years) 
   
   
 6.0 
   
   
 6.0 
   
   
 6.0 
   
 
 
   Volatility 
   
   
 19.0 
 % 
   
 18.0 
 % 
   
 17.0 
 % 
 
 
   Dividend yield 
   
   
 1.9 
 % 
   
 2.4 
 % 
   
 2.7 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          The
risk-free interest rate is based on the rates available at the time of the grant for zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining term equal to the option's expected life. The
average life of an option is based on both historical and projected exercise and lapsing data. Expected volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on Abbott's stock and historical
volatility of Abbott's stock over the expected life of the option. Dividend yield is based on the option's exercise price and annual dividend rate at the time of grant.  

 74 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

 



 


Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit   

 
        The following is a summary of long-term debt at December 31: ( in millions )  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   5.125% Notes, due 2019 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 947 
   
 
 
   2.35% Notes, due 2019 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,850 
   
 
 
   2.50% Line of credit borrowing due 2019 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,150 
   
 
 
   0.00% Notes, due 2020 
   
   
 1,300 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   2.80% Notes, due 2020 
   
   
 500 
   
   
 500 
   
 
 
   4.125% Notes, due 2020 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 597 
   
 
 
   2.00% Notes, due 2020 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 750 
   
 
 
   2.90% Notes, due 2021 
   
   
 2,850 
   
   
 2,850 
   
 
 
   2.55% Notes, due 2022 
   
   
 750 
   
   
 750 
   
 
 
   2.62% Term loan due 2022 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,800 
   
 
 
   0.875% Notes, due 2023 
   
   
 1,303 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   3.25% Notes, due 2023 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 900 
   
 
 
   3.40% Notes, due 2023 
   
   
 1,050 
   
   
 1,500 
   
 
 
   3.875% Notes, due 2025 
   
   
 500 
   
   
 500 
   
 
 
   2.95% Notes, due 2025 
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 1,000 
   
 
 
   1.50% Notes, due 2026 
   
   
 1,300 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   3.75% Notes, due 2026 
   
   
 1,700 
   
   
 3,000 
   
 
 
   4.75% Notes, due 2036 
   
   
 1,650 
   
   
 1,650 
   
 
 
   6.15% Notes, due 2037 
   
   
 547 
   
   
 547 
   
 
 
   6.00% Notes, due 2039 
   
   
 515 
   
   
 515 
   
 
 
   5.30% Notes, due 2040 
   
   
 694 
   
   
 694 
   
 
 
   4.75% Notes, due 2043 
   
   
 700 
   
   
 700 
   
 
 
   4.90% Notes, due 2046 
   
   
 3,250 
   
   
 3,250 
   
 
 
   Unamortized debt issuance costs 
   
   
 (102 
 ) 
   
 (119 
 ) 
 
 
   Other, including fair value adjustments relating to interest rate hedge contracts designated as fair value hedges 
   
   
 (148 
 ) 
   
 (121 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total, net of current maturities 
   
   
 19,359 
   
   
 27,210 
   
 
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 508  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total carrying amount 
   
 
 
$ 
 19,366 
   
 
 
$ 
 27,718  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          On
February 16, 2018, the board of directors authorized the early redemption of up to $5 billion of outstanding long-term notes. Redemptions under this authorization
include the following: 

 
 
 •  $0.947 billion principal amount of its 5.125% Notes due 2019 — redeemed on March 22, 2018    
 •  $1.055 billion of the $2.850 billion principal amount of its 2.35% Notes due 2019 — redeemed on
March 22, 2018  
 •  $1.300 billion of the $1.795 billion outstanding principal amount of its 2.35% Notes due 2019 — redeemed on
June 22, 2018  
 •  $0.495 billion outstanding principal amount of its 2.35% Notes due 2019 — redeemed on September 28, 2018  
 
 75 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit (Continued)  

         On
January 25, 2019, Abbott gave notice to the holders of its 2.80% Notes due 2020, that it will redeem the $500 million outstanding principal amount of these notes on
February 24, 2019. After the redemption of the 2.80% Notes, approximately $700 million of the $5 billion debt redemption authorization noted above will remain available.  

         Abbott
incurred a net charge of $14 million related to the March 22, 2018 early repayment of debt.  

         On
September 17, 2018, Abbott repaid upon maturity the $500 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2.00% Senior Notes due 2018.  


         On
September 27, 2018, Abbott's wholly owned subsidiary, Abbott Ireland Financing DAC, completed a euro debt offering of €3.420 billion of long-term debt
consisting of €1.140 billion of non-interest bearing Senior Notes due 2020 at 99.727% of par value; €1.140 billion of 0.875% Senior Notes due 2023 at
99.912% of par value; and €1.140 billion of 1.50% Senior Notes due 2026 at 99.723% of par value. The proceeds equated to approximately $4 billion. The notes are
guaranteed by Abbott.  

         On
October 28, 2018, Abbott redeemed approximately $4 billion of debt, which included $750 million principal amount of its 2.00% Notes due 2020; $597 million
principal amount of its 4.125% Notes due 2020; $900 million principal amount of its 3.25% Notes due 2023; $450 million principal amount of its 3.4% Notes due 2023; and
$1.300 billion principal amount of its 3.75% Notes due 2026. These amounts are in addition to the $5 billion authorization discussed above. In conjunction with the redemption, Abbott
unwound approximately $1.1 billion in interest rate swaps relating to the 3.40% Note due in 2023 and the 3.75% Note due in 2026. Abbott incurred a net charge of $153 million related to
the early repayment of this debt and the unwinding of related interest rate swaps.  

         On
November 30, 2018, Abbott entered into a Five Year Credit Agreement (Revolving Credit Agreement) and terminated the 2014 revolving credit agreement. There were no outstanding
borrowings under the 2014 revolving credit agreement at the time of its termination. The Revolving Credit Agreement provides Abbott with the ability to borrow up to $5 billion on an unsecured
basis. Any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement will mature and be payable on November 30, 2023. Any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement will bear interest, at Abbott's
option,
based on either a base rate or Eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on Abbott's credit ratings.  

         In
the first quarter of 2017, as part of the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, Abbott's long-term debt increased due to the assumption of outstanding debt previously issued by
St. Jude Medical. Abbott exchanged certain St. Jude Medical debt obligations with an aggregate principal amount of approximately $2.9 billion for debt issued by Abbott which
consists of:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Principal Amount  
   
 
 
   2.00% Senior Notes due 2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 473.8 million 
   
 
 
   2.80% Senior Notes due 2020 
   
 
 
$ 
 483.7 million 
   
 
 
   3.25% Senior Notes due 2023 
   
 
 
$ 
 818.4 million 
   
 
 
   3.875% Senior Notes due 2025 
   
 
 
$ 
 490.7 million 
   
 
 
   4.75% Senior Notes due 2043 
   
 
 
$ 
 639.1 million 
   
 
 
 
  
          Following
this exchange, approximately $194.2 million of existing St. Jude Medical notes remained outstanding across the five series of existing notes which have the same
coupons and maturities as those listed above. There were no significant costs associated with the exchange of debt. In addition, during the  

 76 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit (Continued)  

 first
quarter of 2017, Abbott assumed and subsequently repaid approximately $2.8 billion of various St. Jude Medical debt obligations.  


         On
January 4, 2017, as part of funding the cash portion of the St. Jude Medical acquisition, Abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under a 120-day senior unsecured bridge
term loan facility. This facility was repaid during the first quarter of 2017.  

         In
2017, Abbott issued 364-day yen-denominated debt, of which $199 million and $195 million was outstanding at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. In 2017,
Abbott also paid off a $479 million yen-denominated short-term borrowing during the year.  

         On
July 31, 2017, Abbott entered into a 5-year term loan agreement that allowed Abbott to borrow up to $2.8 billion on an unsecured basis for the acquisition of Alere. On
October 3, 2017, Abbott borrowed $2.8 billion under this term loan agreement to finance the acquisition of Alere, to repay certain indebtedness of Abbott and Alere, and to pay fees and
expenses in connection with the acquisition. Borrowings under the term loan bore interest based on a Eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on Abbott's credit ratings. Abbott paid off this
term loan on January 5, 2018.  

         On
October 3, 2017 Abbott borrowed $1.7 billion under its lines of credit. Proceeds from such borrowing were used to finance the acquisition of Alere, to repay certain
indebtedness of Abbott and Alere, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition. These lines of credit were part of a 2014 revolving credit agreement that provided Abbott with the
ability to borrow up to $5 billion on an unsecured basis. Advances under the revolving credit agreement, including the $1.7 billion borrowing in October 2017, were scheduled to mature
and be payable on July 10, 2019. The $1.7 billion borrowing bore interest based on a Eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on Abbott's credit ratings. Prior to
October 3, 2017, no amounts were previously drawn under the revolving credit agreement. In the fourth quarter of 2017, Abbott paid off $550 million on the revolving loan. Abbott paid off
the remaining balance on this revolving loan on January 5, 2018.  

         In
the fourth quarter of 2017, in conjunction with the acquisition of Alere, Abbott assumed and subsequently repaid $3.0 billion of Alere's debt.  


         In
November 2016, Abbott issued $15.1 billion of medium and long-term debt to primarily fund the cash portion of the acquisition of St. Jude Medical. Abbott issued
$2.85 billion of 2.35% Senior Notes due November 22, 2019; $2.85 billion of 2.90% Senior Notes due November 30, 2021; $1.50 billion of 3.40% Senior Notes due
November 30, 2023; $3.00 billion of 3.75% Senior Notes due November 30, 2026; $1.65 billion of 4.75% Senior Notes due November 30, 2036; and $3.25 billion of
4.90% Senior Notes due November 30, 2046. In November 2016, Abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $3.0 billion related to the new debt, which have the effect of
changing Abbott's obligation from a fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation on the related debt instruments.  


         In
February 2016, Abbott obtained a commitment for a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility for an amount not to exceed $9 billion in conjunction with its pending
acquisition of Alere. This commitment, which was automatically extended for up to 90 days on January 29, 2017, expired on
April 30, 2017 and was not renewed since Abbott did not need this bridge facility to finance the Alere acquisition. The fees associated with the bridge facilities were recognized in interest
expense.  

 77 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 11 — Debt and Lines of Credit (Continued)  

         Principal
payments required on long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2018 are $7 million in 2019, $1.8 billion in 2020, $2.9 billion in 2021,
$750 million in 2022, $2.3 billion in 2023 and $11.8 billion in 2024 and thereafter.  

         At
December 31, 2018, Abbott's long-term debt rating was BBB by Standard & Poor's Corporation and Baa1 by Moody's. Abbott has readily available financial resources,
including lines of credit of $5.0 billion which expire in 2023 and support commercial paper borrowing arrangements. Abbott's weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings was 0.4% at
December 31, 2018, 0.3% at December 31, 2017 and 0.6% at December 31, 2016.  

 


 


Note 12 — Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Measures   

 
        Certain Abbott foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates for anticipated intercompany purchases
by those subsidiaries whose functional currencies are not the U.S. dollar. These contracts, with gross notional amounts totaling $5.1 billion at December 31, 2018, and
$3.3 billion at December 31, 2017, are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the cash flows due to changes in foreign exchange rates and are recorded at fair value.
Accumulated gains and losses as of December 31, 2018 will be included in Cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally through the next twelve to eighteen months.  

         Abbott
enters into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage currency exposures for foreign currency denominated third-party trade payables and receivables, and for
intercompany loans and trade accounts payable where the receivable or payable is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity. For intercompany loans, the contracts
require Abbott to sell or buy foreign currencies, primarily European currencies, in exchange for primarily U.S. dollars and European currencies. For intercompany and trade payables and receivables,
the currency exposures are primarily the U.S. dollar and European currencies. At December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, Abbott held gross notional amounts of $13.6 billion,
$20.1 billion and $14.9 billion, respectively, of such foreign currency forward exchange contracts.  

         In
March 2017, Abbott repaid its $479 million foreign denominated short-term debt which was designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign subsidiary. At
December 31, 2016, the value of this short-term debt was $454 million and changes in the fair value of the debt up through the date of repayment due to changes in exchange rates were
recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax.  

         Abbott
is a party to interest rate hedge contracts totaling approximately $2.9 billion at December 31, 2018, $4.0 billion at December 31, 2017 and
$5.5 billion at December 31, 2016, to manage its exposure to changes in the fair value of fixed-rate debt. These contracts are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the
fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The effect of the hedge is to change a fixed-rate interest obligation to a variable rate for that portion of the
debt. Abbott records the contracts at fair value and adjusts the carrying amount of the fixed-rate debt by an offsetting amount.  

         In
October 2018, Abbott unwound approximately $1.1 billion in interest rate swaps relating to the 3.40% Note due in 2023 and the 3.75% Note due in 2026. As a part of the
unwinding, Abbott paid approximately $90 million in cash, which was included in the Financing Activities section of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in 2018.  

 78 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 12 — Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Measures (Continued)  


         In
the second quarter of 2017, Abbott unwound approximately $1.5 billion in interest rate swaps relating to the 2.00% Note due in 2020 and the 2.55% Note due in 2022. The proceeds
received were not significant.  

         In
December 2016, Abbott unwound approximately $1.5 billion in interest rate swaps relating to the 4.125% Note due in 2020 and the 5.125% Note due in 2019. As part of the
unwinding, Abbott received
approximately $55 million in cash, which was included in the Financing Activities section of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in 2016.  


         The
following table summarizes the amounts and location of certain derivative financial instruments as of December 31:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair Value — Assets  
   
 Fair Value — Liabilities  
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 Balance Sheet Caption  
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 Balance Sheet Caption  
 
 
   Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 Deferred income taxes and other assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 100 
   
 
 
$ 
 93 
   
 Post-employment obligations and other long-term liabilities 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Hedging instruments 
   
   
 81 
   
   
 21 
   
 Other prepaid expenses and receivables 
   
   
 44 
   
   
 106 
   
 Other accrued liabilities 
 
 
   Others not designated as hedges 
   
   
 33 
   
   
 117 
   
 Other prepaid expenses and receivables 
   
   
 51 
   
   
 99 
   
 Other accrued liabilities  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 114 
   
 
 
$ 
 138 
   
   
   
 
 
$ 
 195 
   
 
 
$ 
 298 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
following table summarizes the activity for foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges, debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign
subsidiary and certain other derivative financial instruments, as well as the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Gain (loss) Recognized in 
Other Comprehensive 
Income (loss)  
   
 Income (expense) and 
Gain (loss) Reclassified 
into Income  
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Income Statement 
Caption  
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges 
   
 
 
$ 
 73 
   
 
 
$ 
 (226 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 49 
   
 
 
$ 
 (114 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (48 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 48 
   
 Cost of products sold 
 
 
   Debt designated as a hedge of net investment in a foreign subsidiary 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25 
 ) 
   
 (15 
 ) 
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
 n/a 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 (97 
 ) 
   
 (24 
 ) 
   
 (127 
 ) 
 Interest expense 
 
 
 
  
          Losses
of $100 million and $64 million, and gains of $8 million were recognized in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, related to foreign currency forward exchange
contracts not designated as hedges. These
amounts are reported in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings on the Net foreign exchange (gain) loss line.  

         The
interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges of the variability of the fair value of fixed-rate debt due to changes in the long-term benchmark interest rates. The hedged
debt is marked to market, offsetting the effect of marking the interest rate swaps to market.  

         The
carrying values and fair values of certain financial instruments as of December 31 are shown in the table below. The carrying values of all other financial instruments
approximate their estimated fair values.  

 79 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 12 — Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Measures (Continued)  

 The
counterparties to financial instruments consist of select major international financial institutions. Abbott does not expect any losses from nonperformance by these counterparties.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Carrying 
Value  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Carrying 
Value  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Long-term Investment Securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
 
 
$ 
 856 
   
 
 
$ 
 856 
   
 
 
$ 
 797 
   
 
 
$ 
 797 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 41 
   
   
 41 
   
   
 86 
   
   
 86 
   
 
 
   Total Long-Term Debt 
   
   
 (19,366 
 ) 
   
 (19,871 
 ) 
   
 (27,718 
 ) 
   
 (29,018 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign Currency Forward Exchange Contracts: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Receivable position 
   
   
 114 
   
   
 114 
   
   
 138 
   
   
 138 
   
 
 
   (Payable) position 
   
   
 (95 
 ) 
   
 (95 
 ) 
   
 (205 
 ) 
   
 (205 
 ) 
 
 
   Interest Rate Hedge Contracts: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   (Payable) position 
   
   
 (100 
 ) 
   
 (100 
 ) 
   
 (93 
 ) 
   
 (93 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
          The
following table summarizes the bases used to measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis in the balance sheet:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Basis of Fair Value Measurement  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Outstanding 
Balances  
   
 Quoted 
Prices in 
Active Markets  
   
 Significant Other 
Observable 
Inputs  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs  
   
 
 
   December 31, 2018: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
 
 
$ 
 320 
   
 
 
$ 
 320 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
   
 114 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 114 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 434 
   
 
 
$ 
 320 
   
 
 
$ 
 114 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Fair value of hedged long-term debt 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,743 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,743 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swap financial instruments 
   
   
 100 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 100 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
   
 95 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 95 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration related to business combinations 
   
   
 71 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 71  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,009 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,938 
   
 
 
$ 
 71  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   December 31, 2017: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
 
 
$ 
 374 
   
 
 
$ 
 374 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
   
 138 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 138 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 512 
   
 
 
$ 
 374 
   
 
 
$ 
 138 
   
 
 
$ 
 —  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Fair value of hedged long-term debt 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,898 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,898 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swap financial instruments 
   
   
 93 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 93 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 
   
   
 205 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 205 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration related to business combinations 
   
   
 120 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 120  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Liabilities 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,316 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,196 
   
 
 
$ 
 120  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
fair value of foreign currency forward exchange contracts is determined using a market approach, which utilizes values for comparable derivative instruments. The fair value of the
debt was determined based  

 80 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 12 — Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Measures (Continued)  

 on
the face value of the debt adjusted for the fair value of the interest rate swaps, which is based on a discounted cash flow analysis using significant other observable inputs.  

         Contingent
consideration relates to businesses acquired by Abbott. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined based on independent appraisals, at the time of the
business acquisition, adjusted for the time value of money and other changes in fair value. The maximum amount for certain contingent consideration is not determinable as it is based on a percent of
certain sales. Excluding such contingent consideration, the maximum amount estimated to be due is approximately $480 million, which is dependent upon attaining certain sales thresholds or based
on the occurrence of certain events, such as regulatory approvals.  

 


 


Note 13 — Litigation and Environmental Matters   

 
        Abbott has been identified as a potentially responsible party for investigation and cleanup costs at a number of locations in the United States and Puerto Rico under federal and state
remediation laws and is investigating potential contamination at a number of company-owned locations. Abbott has recorded an estimated cleanup cost for each site for which management believes Abbott
has a probable loss exposure. No individual site cleanup exposure is expected to exceed $4 million, and the aggregate cleanup exposure is not expected to exceed $10 million.  

         Abbott
is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, and Abbott estimates the range of possible loss for its legal proceedings and environmental exposures to be from approximately
$125 million to $165 million. The recorded accrual balance at December 31, 2018 for these proceedings and exposures was approximately $145 million. This accrual represents
management's best estimate of probable loss, as defined by FASB ASC No. 450, "Contingencies." Within the next year, legal proceedings may occur that may result in a change in the estimated loss
accrued by Abbott. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of all such proceedings and exposures with certainty, management believes that their ultimate disposition should not have a material
adverse effect on Abbott's financial position, cash flows, or results of operations.  

 81 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

 


 


Note 14 — Post-Employment Benefits   

 
        Retirement plans consist of defined benefit, defined contribution and medical and dental plans. Information for Abbott's major defined benefit plans and post-employment medical and
dental benefit plans is as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Defined Benefit 
Plans  
   
 Medical and 
Dental Plans  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Projected benefit obligations, January 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,953 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,517 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,393 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,274 
   
 
 
   Service cost — benefits earned during the year 
   
   
 293 
   
   
 283 
   
   
 26 
   
   
 25 
   
 
 
   Interest cost on projected benefit obligations 
   
   
 308 
   
   
 287 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 45 
   
 
 
   (Gains) losses, primarily changes in discount rates, plan design changes, law changes and differences between actual and estimated health care
costs 
   
   
 (1,044 
 ) 
   
 752 
   
   
 (106 
 ) 
   
 149 
   
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 (295 
 ) 
   
 (276 
 ) 
   
 (68 
 ) 
   
 (80 
 ) 
 
 
   Other, including foreign currency translation 
   
   
 (122 
 ) 
   
 390 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 (20 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Projected benefit obligations, December 31 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,093 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,953 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,292 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,393  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Plan assets at fair value, January 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,298 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,542 
   
 
 
$ 
 419 
   
 

 
$ 
 416 
   
 
 
   Actual return (loss) on plans' assets 
   
   
 (450 
 ) 
   
 1,107 
   
   
 (20 
 ) 
   
 65 
   
 
 
   Company contributions 
   
   
 114 
   
   
 645 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 12 
   
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 (295 
 ) 
   
 (276 
 ) 
   
 (60 
 ) 
   
 (74 
 ) 
 
 
   Other, including foreign currency translation 
   
   
 (114 
 ) 
   
 280 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 —  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Plan assets at fair value, December 31 
   
 
 
$ 
 8,553 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,298 
   
 
 
$ 
 351 
   
 
 
$ 
 419  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Projected benefit obligations greater than plan assets, December 31 
   
 
 
$ 
 (540 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (655 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (941 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (974 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Long-term assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 583 
   
 
 
$ 
 563 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Short-term liabilities 
   
   
 (23 
 ) 
   
 (21 
 ) 
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
   Long-term liabilities 
   
   
 (1,100 
 ) 
   
 (1,197 
 ) 
   
 (940 
 ) 
   
 (972 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Net liability 
   
 
 
$ 
 (540 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (655 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (941 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (974 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Actuarial losses, net 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,326 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,466 
   
 
 
$ 
 361 
   
 
 
$ 
 456 
   
 
 
   Prior service cost (credits) 
   
   
 (2 
 ) 
   
 (9 
 ) 
   
 (163 
 ) 
   
 (208 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,324 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,457 
   
 
 
$ 
 198 
   
 
 
$ 
 248  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
projected benefit obligations for non-U.S. defined benefit plans was $2.7 billion and $3.0 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The accumulated
benefit obligations for all defined benefit plans were $8.3 billion and $8.9 billion at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

 82 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 14 — Post-Employment Benefits (Continued)  

         For
plans where the accumulated benefit obligations exceeded plan assets at December 31, 2018 and 2017, the aggregate accumulated benefit obligations, the projected benefit
obligations and the aggregate plan assets were as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,265 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,664 
   
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
   
 1,362 
   
   
 1,892 
   
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
   
 375 
   
   
 696 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
components of the net periodic benefit cost were as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Defined Benefit Plans  
   
 Medical and 
Dental Plans  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Service cost — benefits earned during the year 
   
 
 
$ 
 293 
   
 
 
$ 
 283 
   
 
 
$ 
 263 
   
 

 
$ 
 26 
   
 
 
$ 
 25 
   
 
 
$ 
 26 
   
 
 
   Interest cost on projected benefit obligations 
   
   
 308 
   
   
 287 
   
   
 288 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 45 
   
   
 43 
   
 
 
   Expected return on plans' assets 
   
   
 (680 
 ) 
   
 (613 
 ) 
   
 (565 
 ) 
   
 (33 
 ) 
   
 (33 
 ) 
   
 (35 
 ) 
 
 
   Amortization of actuarial losses 
   
   
 205 
   
   
 163 
   
   
 129 
   
   
 33 
   
   
 23 
   
   
 16 
   
 
 
   Amortization of prior service cost (credits) 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (45 
 ) 
   
 (45 
 ) 
   
 (45 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total cost 
   
 
 
$ 
 127 
   
 

 
$ 
 121 
   
 
 
$ 
 115 
   
 
 
$ 
 29 
   
 
 
$ 
 15 
   
 
 
$ 
 5  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          In
2017, Abbott recognized a $10 million curtailment gain related to the sale of AMO.  

         Other
comprehensive income (loss) for each respective year includes the amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs (credits) as noted in the previous table. Other
comprehensive income (loss) for each respective year also includes: net actuarial losses of $86 million for defined benefit plans and a gain of $53 million for medical and dental plans
in 2018; net actuarial losses of $247 million for defined benefit plans and $97 million for medical and dental plans in 2017; net actuarial losses of $571 million for defined
benefit plans and $20 million for medical and dental plans in 2016.  

         The
pretax amount of actuarial losses and prior service cost (credits) included in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2018 that is expected to be
recognized in the net periodic benefit cost in 2019 is $130 million and $1 million of expense, respectively, for defined benefit pension plans and $24 million of expense and
$32 million of income, respectively, for medical and dental plans.  

         The
weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations for defined benefit plans and medical and dental plans are as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 4.0 
 % 
   
 3.4 
 % 
   
 3.9 
 % 
 
 
   Expected aggregate average long-term change in compensation 
   
   
 4.3 
 % 
   
 4.4 
 % 
   
 4.3 
 % 
 
 
 
  
  83 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 14 — Post-Employment Benefits (Continued)  


         The
weighted average assumptions used to determine the net cost for defined benefit plans and medical and dental plans are as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 3.4 
 % 
   
 3.9 
 % 
   
 4.3 
 % 
 
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
   
 7.7 
 % 
   
 7.6 
 % 
   
 7.6 
 % 
 
 
   Expected aggregate average long-term change in compensation 
   
   
 4.4 
 % 
   
 4.3 
 % 
   
 4.3 
 % 
 
 
 
  
          The
assumed health care cost trend rates for medical and dental plans at December 31 were as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Health care cost trend rate assumed for the next year 
   
   
 9 
 % 
   
 9 
 % 
   
 8 
 % 
 
 
   Rate that the cost trend rate gradually declines to 
   
   
 5 
 % 
   
 5 
 % 
   
 5 
 % 
 
 
   Year that rate reaches the assumed ultimate rate 
   
   
 2025 
   
   
 2027 
   
   
 2027 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the duration of the expected retiree benefits. The health care
cost trend rates represent Abbott's expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and are forward projections of health care costs as of the measurement date. A one-percentage
point increase/(decrease) in the assumed health care cost trend rate would increase/(decrease) the accumulated post-employment benefit obligations as of December 31, 2018, by
$157 million /$(131) million, and the total of the service and interest cost components of net post-employment health care cost for the year then ended by approximately
$12 million/$(10) million.  

 84 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 14 — Post-Employment Benefits (Continued)  

         The
following table summarizes the basis used to measure the defined benefit and medical and dental plan assets at fair value:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Basis of Fair Value Measurement  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Outstanding 
Balances  
   
 Quoted 
Prices in 
Active Markets  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs  
   
 Measured at 
NAV (k)  
   
 
 
   December 31, 2018: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. large cap (a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,168 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,319 
   
 
 
$ 
 5 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 844 
   
 
 
   U.S. mid and small cap (b) 
   
   
 515 
   
   
 226 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 289 
   
 
 
   International (c) 
   
   
 1,671 
   
   
 370 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,301 
   
 
 
   Fixed income securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. government securities (d) 
   
   
 476 
   
   
 51 
   
   
 269 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 156 
   
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments (e) 
   
   
 1,150 
   
   
 269 
   
   
 701 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 180 
   
 
 
   Non-U.S. government securities (f) 
   
   
 405 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 400 
   
 
 
   Other (g) 
   
   
 199 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 55 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 129 
   
 
 
   Absolute return funds (h) 
   
   
 1,684 
   
   
 448 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,236 
   
 
 
   Commodities (i) 
   
   
 59 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 55 
   
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
   
 192 
   
   
 123 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 69 
   
 
 
   Other (j) 
   
   
 385 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 374  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 

 
$ 
 8,904 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,837 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,030 
   
 
 
$ 
 4 
   
 
 
$ 
 5,033  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   December 31, 2017: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Equities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. large cap (a) 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,506 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,600 
   
 

 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 — 
   
 
 
$ 
 906 
   
 
 
   U.S. mid and small cap (b) 
   
   
 670 
   
   
 243 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 427 
   
 
 
   International (c) 
   
   
 1,937 
   
   
 448 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,489 
   
 
 
   Fixed income securities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. government securities (d) 
   
   
 510 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 286 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 213 
   
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments (e) 
   
   
 930 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 411 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 412 
   
 
 
   Non-U.S. government securities (f) 
   
   
 625 
   
   
 222 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 403 
   
 
 
   Other (g) 
   
   
 216 
   
   
 93 
   
   
 27 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 96 
   
 
 
   Absolute return funds (h) 
   
   
 1,814 
   
   
 135 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,679 
   
 
 
   Commodities (i) 
   
   
 60 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 56 
   
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
   
 178 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 166 
   
 
 
   Other (j) 
   
   
 271 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 264  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   
 
 
$ 
 9,717 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,878 
   
 
 
$ 
 724 
   
 

 
$ 
 4 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,111  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (a) A
mix of index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various large cap indices.
 (b) A
mix of index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various mid and small cap indices.  
  
  85 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  


 


 


Note 14 — Post-Employment Benefits (Continued)  
  
  
 (c) A
mix of index funds and actively managed pooled investment funds that are benchmarked to various non-U.S. equity indices in both developed and emerging markets.
 (d) A
mix of index funds and actively managed accounts that are benchmarked to various U.S. government bond indices.
 (e) A
mix of index funds and actively managed accounts that are benchmarked to various corporate bond indices.
 (f) Primarily
United Kingdom, Japan and Irish government-issued bonds. In 2017, included Netherlands bonds.
 (g) Primarily
asset backed securities and an actively managed, diversified fixed income vehicle benchmarked to the one-month Libor / Euribor.
 (h) Primarily
funds invested by managers that have a global mandate with the flexibility to allocate capital broadly across a wide range of asset classes and strategies
including, but not limited to equities, fixed income, commodities, interest rate futures, currencies and other securities to outperform an agreed upon benchmark with specific return and volatility
targets.
 (i) Primarily
investments in liquid commodity future contracts and private energy funds.
 (j) Primarily
investments in private funds, such as private equity, private credit and private real estate.
 (k) In
accordance with ASU 2015-07, investments measured at fair value using the NAV practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair
value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet.   
  
          Equities
that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using
significant other observable inputs are valued at the net asset value (NAV) provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its
liabilities. For approximately half of these funds, investments may be redeemed once per month, with a required 7 to 30 day notice period. For the remaining funds, daily redemption of an
investment is allowed. Fixed income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained from independent financial service industry recognized vendors.
Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to fixed income funds at December 31, 2018 and 2017. For the majority of these funds, investments may be redeemed either weekly or monthly,
with a required 2 to 14 day notice period. For the remaining funds, investments may be generally redeemed daily.  

         Absolute
return funds and commodities are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator. All private funds are valued at the NAV provided by the fund on a one-quarter lag adjusted
for known cash flows and significant events through the reporting date. Abbott did not have any unfunded commitments related to absolute return funds at December 31, 2018 and 2017. Investments
in these funds may be generally redeemed monthly or quarterly with required notice periods ranging from 5 to 45 days. For approximately $100 million of the absolute return funds,
redemptions are subject to a 25 percent gate. For commodities, investments in the private energy funds cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate
of the liquidation period for each fund ranges from 2019 to 2022. Abbott's unfunded commitments in these funds as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 were not  

 86 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 14 — Post-Employment Benefits (Continued)  

 significant.
Investments in the private funds (excluding private energy funds) cannot be redeemed but the funds will make distributions through liquidation. The estimate of the liquidation period for
each
fund ranges from 2019 to 2028. Abbott's unfunded commitment in these funds was $518 million and $489 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.  

         The
investment mix of equity securities, fixed income and other asset allocation strategies is based upon achieving a desired return, as well as balancing higher return, more volatile
equity securities with lower return, less volatile fixed income securities. Investment allocations are made across a range of markets, industry sectors, capitalization sizes, and in the case of fixed
income securities, maturities and credit quality. The plans do not directly hold any securities of Abbott. There are no known significant concentrations of risk in the plans' assets. Abbott's medical
and dental plans' assets are invested in a similar mix as the pension plan assets. The actual asset allocation percentages at year end are consistent with the company's targeted asset allocation
percentages.  

         The
plans' expected return on assets, as shown above is based on management's expectations of long-term average rates of return to be achieved by the underlying investment portfolios. In
establishing this assumption, management considers historical and expected returns for the asset classes in which the plans are invested, as well as current economic and capital market conditions.  

         Abbott
funds its domestic pension plans according to IRS funding limitations. International pension plans are funded according to similar regulations. Abbott funded $114 million
in 2018 and $645 million in 2017 to defined pension plans. Abbott expects to contribute approximately $380 million to its pension plans in 2019.  

         Total
benefit payments expected to be paid to participants, which includes payments funded from company assets, as well as paid from the plans, are as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 Defined 
Benefit Plans  
   
 Medical and 
Dental Plans  
   
 
 
   2019 
   
 
 
$ 
 306 
   
 
 
$ 
 74 
   
 
 
   2020 
   
   
 317 
   
   
 77 
   
 
 
   2021 
   
   
 333 
   
   
 78 
   
 
 
   2022 
   
   
 351 
   
   
 79 
   
 
 
   2023 
   
   
 369 
   
   
 80 
   
 
 
   2024 to 2028 
   
   
 2,160 
   
   
 418 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Abbott Stock Retirement Plan is the principal defined contribution plan. Abbott's contributions to this plan were $146 million in 2018, $79 million in 2017 and
$83 million in 2016. The 2018 contributions include amounts related to participants of the St. Jude Medical Retirement Plan which was terminated in January 2018.  

 


 


Note 15 — Taxes on Earnings from Continuing Operations   


 
        Taxes on earnings from continuing operations reflect the annual effective rates, including charges for interest and penalties. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax consequences on
future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts.  

         The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) was enacted in the U.S. on December 22, 2017. The TCJA reduces the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, requires companies to pay a
one-time transition tax  

 87 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 15 — Taxes on Earnings from Continuing Operations (Continued)  

 on
earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. As of December 31, 2018, Abbott has completed its
accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the TCJA. If additional regulations issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury after December 31, 2018 result in a change in
judgment, the effect of such regulations will be accounted for in the period in which the regulations are finalized.  

         Effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, the TCJA subjects taxpayers to tax on global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) earned by certain foreign
subsidiaries. In January 2018, the FASB staff provided guidance that an entity may make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes related to items that will give rise to GILTI
in future years or provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year that the tax is incurred. Abbott has elected to treat the GILTI tax as a period expense and provide for the tax in the year
that the tax is incurred.  

         In
the fourth quarter of 2017, Abbott recorded an estimate of net tax expense of $1.46 billion for the impact of the TCJA, which was included in Taxes on Earnings from Continuing
Operations in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The estimate was provisional and included a charge of approximately $2.89 billion for the transition tax, partially offset by a net benefit
of approximately $1.42 billion for the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and a net benefit of approximately $10 million related to certain other impacts of the TCJA.
In 2018, Abbott recorded $130 million of additional tax expense which increased the final tax expense related to the TCJA to $1.59 billion. The $130 million of additional tax
expense reflects a $120 million increase in the transition tax from $2.89 billion to $3.01 billion and a $10 million reduction in the net benefit related to the
remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities.  

         The
one-time transition tax is based on Abbott's total post-1986 earnings and profits (E&P) that were previously deferred from U.S. income taxes. The tax computation also requires the
determination of the amount of post-1986 E&P considered held in cash and other specified assets. As of December 31, 2018, the remaining balance of Abbott's transition tax obligation is
approximately $1.58 billion, which will be paid over the next eight years as allowed by the TCJA.  

         In
2018, taxes on earnings from continuing operations includes $98 million of net tax expense related to the settlement of Abbott's 2014-2016 federal income tax audit in the U.S.,
partial settlement of the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group's 2014 and 2015 federal income tax returns in the U.S. and audit settlements in various countries. In 2017, taxes on
earnings from continuing operations included $435 million of tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the AMO business. In 2016, taxes on earnings from continuing operations included the
impact of a net tax benefit of approximately $225 million, primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions from prior years, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of
non-deductible foreign exchange losses related to Venezuela and the adjustment of the Mylan N.V. equity investment, as well as the recognition of deferred taxes associated with the then pending
sale of AMO.  

         Undistributed
foreign earnings remain indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed
foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in its foreign entities is not practicable. In the U.S., Abbott's federal income tax returns through 2016 are
settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former Alere consolidated group which are settled through 2014 and the former St. Jude Medical consolidated group which are settled
through 2013. There are numerous other income tax jurisdictions for which tax returns are not yet settled, none of which are individually significant. Reserves for interest and penalties are not
significant.  

 88 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

 


 


Note 15 — Taxes on Earnings from Continuing Operations (Continued)   

 
        Earnings from continuing operations before taxes, and the related provisions for taxes on earnings from continuing operations, were as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Earnings From Continuing Operations Before Taxes: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 
 
$ 
 (430 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 308 
   
 
 
$ 
 306 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 3,303 
   
   
 1,923 
   
   
 1,107  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,873 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,231 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,413  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Taxes on Earnings From Continuing Operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 
 
$ 
 (812 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 2,260 
   
 
 
$ 
 71 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 606 
   
   
 508 
   
   
 406  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total current 
   
   
 (206 
 ) 
   
 2,768 
   
   
 477  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
   
 832 
   
   
 (679 
 ) 
   
 (147 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 (87 
 ) 
   
 (211 
 ) 
   
 20  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred 
   
   
 745 
   
   
 (890 
 ) 
   
 (127 
 )  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 539 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,878 
   
 
 
$ 
 350  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Differences
between the effective income tax rate and the U.S. statutory tax rate were as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Statutory tax rate on earnings from continuing operations 
   
   
  21.0 
 % 
   
  35.0 
 % 
   
  35.0 
 % 
 
 
   Impact of foreign operations 
   
   
  (5.4 
 ) 
   
  (16.3 
 ) 
   
  (17.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Impact of TCJA and other related items 
   
   
  6.3 
   
   
  65.5 
   
   
  — 
   
 
 
   Foreign-derived intangible income benefit 
   
   
  (1.9 
 ) 
   
  — 
   
   
  — 
   
 
 
   Domestic impairment loss 
   
   
  (2.1 
 ) 
   
  — 
   
   
  — 
   
 
 
   Excess tax benefits related to stock compensation 
   
   
  (3.1 
 ) 
   
  (5.4 
 ) 
   
  — 
   
 
 
   Research tax credit 
   
   
  (1.8 
 ) 
   
  (1.9 
 ) 
   
  (1.8 
 ) 
 
 
   Resolution of certain tax positions pertaining to prior years 
   
   
  3.4 
   
   
  — 
   
   
  (16.1 
 ) 
 
 
   Mylan share adjustment 
   
   
  — 
   
   
  — 
   
   
  25.5 
   
 
 
   State taxes, net of federal benefit 
   
   
  0.4 
   
   
  0.5 
   
   
  (1.3 
 ) 
 
 
   Federal tax cost on sale of Mylan N.V. shares 
   
   
  — 
   
   
  3.4 
   
   
  — 
   
 
 
   All other, net 
   
   
  2.0 
   
   
  3.4 
   
   
  1.3  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Effective tax rate on earnings from continuing operations 
   
   
  18.8 
 % 
   
  84.2 
 % 
   
  24.8 
 %  
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
   ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
   ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
   ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
   ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 
 
 
  
          Impact
of foreign operations is primarily derived from operations in Puerto Rico, Switzerland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Costa Rica, and Singapore.  

 89 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 15 — Taxes on Earnings from Continuing Operations (Continued)  

         The
tax effect of the differences that give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Compensation and employee benefits 
   
 
 
$ 
 829 
   
 
 
$ 
 881 
   
 
 
   Other, primarily reserves not currently deductible, and NOL's and credit
carryforwards           
   
   
 2,546 
   
   
 2,857 
   
 
 
   Trade receivable reserves 
   
   
 196 
   
   
 185 
   
 
 
   Inventory reserves 
   
   
 97 
   
   
 152 
   
 
 
   Deferred intercompany profit 
   
   
 203 
   
   
 249  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
   
   
 3,871 
   
   
 4,324 
   
 
 
   Valuation allowance 
   
   
 (1,363 
 ) 
   
 (1,355 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 2,508 
   
   
 2,969  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation 
   
   
 (226 
 ) 
   
 (200 
 ) 
 
 
   Other, primarily the excess of book basis over tax basis of intangible assets 
   
   
 (3,557 
 ) 
   
 (3,385 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
 (3,783 
 ) 
   
 (3,585 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
   
 

 
$ 
 (1,275 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 (616 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          Abbott
has incurred losses in a foreign jurisdiction where realization of the future economic benefit is so remote that the benefit is not reflected as a deferred tax asset.  


         The
following table summarizes the gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits without regard to reduction in tax liabilities or additions to deferred tax assets and liabilities if such
unrecognized tax benefits were settled:  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   January 1 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,440 
   
 
 
$ 
 972 
   
 
 
   Decrease in tax positions due to acquisitions 
   
   
 (13 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Increase in tax positions due to acquisitions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 479 
   
 
 
   Increase due to current year tax positions 
   
   
 164 
   
   
 187 
   
 
 
   Increase due to prior year tax positions 
   
   
 235 
   
   
 76 
   
 
 
   Decrease due to prior year tax positions 
   
   
 (611 
 ) 
   
 (176 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 (91 
 ) 
   
 (57 
 ) 
 
 
   Lapse of statute 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 (41 
 )  
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   December 31 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,120 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,440  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
          The
total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is approximately $1.02 billion. Abbott believes that it is reasonably
possible that the recorded amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease within a range of $125 million to $350 million, including cash adjustments, within the next twelve
months as a result of concluding various domestic and international tax matters.  

 90 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 16 — Segment and Geographic Area Information   


 
        Abbott's principal business is the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a broad line of health care products. Abbott's products are generally sold directly to retailers,
wholesalers, hospitals, health care facilities, laboratories, physicians' offices and government agencies throughout the world. On January 4, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of
St. Jude Medical. Beginning with the first quarter of 2017, Abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation business includes the results of its historical Vascular Products segment and the results
of the businesses acquired from St. Jude Medical from the date of acquisition. On October 3, 2017, Abbott completed the acquisition of Alere. Beginning with the fourth quarter of 2017,
Abbott's Diagnostic Products reportable segment includes the results of Alere from the date of acquisition.  

         Abbott's
reportable segments are as follows:  

          Established Pharmaceutical Products  —  International sales of a broad line of branded generic pharmaceutical products.  

          Nutritional Products  —  Worldwide sales of a broad line of adult and pediatric nutritional products.  


         Diagnostic Products  —  Worldwide sales of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, commercial laboratories and
alternate-care testing sites. For segment reporting purposes, the Core Laboratories Diagnostics, Rapid Diagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care divisions
are aggregated and reported as the Diagnostic Products segment. Rapid Diagnostics is the business acquired from Alere.  

          Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation Products  —  Worldwide sales of rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular,
structural heart and neuromodulation products. For segment reporting purposes, the Cardiac Arrhythmias & Heart Failure, Vascular, Neuromodulation and Structural Heart divisions are aggregated
and reported as the Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation segment.  

         Non-reportable
segments include AMO through the date of sale and Diabetes Care.  

         Abbott's
underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent
with internal management reporting. The cost of some corporate functions and the cost of certain employee benefits are charged to segments at predetermined rates that approximate cost. Remaining
costs, if any, are not allocated to segments. In addition, intangible asset amortization is not allocated to operating segments, and intangible assets and goodwill are not included in the measure of
each segment's assets.  

 91 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 16 — Segment and Geographic Area Information (Continued)  

         The
following segment information has been prepared in accordance with the internal accounting policies of Abbott, as described above, and are not presented in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles applied to the consolidated financial statements.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Net Sales to External Customers (a)  
   
 Operating Earnings (a)  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Established Pharmaceuticals 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,422 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,287 
   
 
 
$ 
 3,859 
   
 
 
$ 
 894 
   
 
 
$ 
 848 
   
 
 
$ 
 723 
   
 
 
   Nutritionals 
   
   
 7,229 
   
   
 6,925 
   
   
 6,899 
   
   
 1,652 
   
   
 1,589 
   
   
 1,660 
   
 
 
   Diagnostics 
   
   
 7,495 
   
   
 5,616 
   
   
 4,813 
   
   
 1,868 
   
   
 1,468 
   
   
 1,194 
   
 
 
   Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation 
   
   
 9,437 
   
   
 8,911 
   
   
 2,896 
   
   
 2,990 
   
   
 2,720 
   
   
 1,037  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Reportable Segments 
   
   
 28,583 
   
   
 25,739 
   
   
 18,467 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,404 
   
 

 
$ 
 6,625 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,614  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 1,995 
   
   
 1,651 
   
   
 2,386 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 30,578 
   
 
 
$ 
 27,390 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,853 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Net
sales were unfavorably affected by the relatively stronger U.S. dollar in 2018 and 2016. Operating earnings were unfavorably affected by the impact of foreign
exchange in 2018, 2017 and 2016.  
  

  
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   
   Total Reportable Segment Operating Earnings 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,404 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,625 
   
 
 
$ 
 4,614 
   
 
 
   
   Corporate functions and benefit plans costs 
   
   
 (618 
 ) 
   
 (506 
 ) 
   
 (411 
 ) 
 
 
   
   Non-reportable segments 
   
   
 510 
   
   
 306 
   
   
 304 
   
 
 
   
   Net interest expense 
   
   
 (721 
 ) 
   
 (780 
 ) 
   
 (332 
 ) 
 
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
   
 (167 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   Share-based compensation 
   
   
 (477 
 ) 
   
 (406 
 ) 
   
 (310 
 ) 
 
 
   
   Amortization of intangible assets 
   
   
 (2,178 
 ) 
   
 (1,975 
 ) 
   
 (550 
 ) 
 
 
   
   Other, net (b) 
   
   
 (880 
 ) 
   
 (1,033 
 ) 
   
 (1,902 
 )  
 
 
 ​ 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   
   Earnings from Continuing Operations before Taxes 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,873 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,231 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,413  
   
 
 
 ​ 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 ​ 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 ​ 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (b) Other,
net includes inventory step-up amortization, integration costs associated with the acquisition of St. Jude Medical and Alere, and restructuring charges
in 2018. In 2017, Other, net includes inventory step-up amortization, integration costs associated with the acquisition of St. Jude Medical and Alere, and restructuring charges, partially
offset by the gain on the sale of the AMO business. In 2016, Other, net includes the $947 million adjustment of the Mylan equity investment and $480 million of foreign currency exchange
loss related to operations in Venezuela. Charges for restructuring actions and other cost reduction initiatives were approximately $153 million in 2018, $384 million in 2017 and
$167 million in 2016.  
  
  92 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 16 — Segment and Geographic Area Information (Continued)  
  

  

  
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Depreciation  
   
 Additions to 
Property, Plant 
and Equipment (c)  
   
 Total Assets  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Established Pharmaceuticals 
   
 
 
$ 
 92 
   
 
 
$ 
 90 
   
 
 
$ 
 71 
   
 
 
$ 
 131 
   
 
 
$ 
 181 
   
 
 
$ 
 150 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,664 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,728 
   
 
 
$ 
 2,486 
   
 
 
   Nutritionals 
   
   
 150 
   
   
 164 
   
   
 160 
   
   
 86 
   
   
 147 
   
   
 199 
   
   
 3,071 
   
   
 3,160 
   
   
 3,189 
   
 
 
   Diagnostics 
   
   
 397 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 267 
   
   
 609 
   
   
 374 
   
   
 379 
   
   
 4,464 
   
   
 4,226 
   
   
 2,945 
   
 
 
   Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation 
   
   
 248 
   
   
 298 
   
   
 69 
   
   
 183 
   
   
 206 
   
   
 23 
   
   
 4,910 
   
   
 5,074 
   
   
 1,425  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Reportable Segments 
   
   
 887 
   
   
 852 
   
   
 567 
   
   
 1,009 
   
   
 908 
   
   
 751 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,109 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,188 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,045  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 213 
   
   
 194 
   
   
 236 
   
   
 385 
   
   
 227 
   
   
 370 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
   Total 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,100 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,046 
   
 
 
$ 
 803 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,394 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,135 
   
 
 
$ 
 1,121 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​   
 
 
 
  
 

 
 (c) Amounts
exclude property, plant and equipment acquired through business acquisitions.  
  

  
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   Total Reportable Segment Assets 
   
 

 
$ 
 15,109 
   
 
 
$ 
 15,188 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,045 
   
 
 
   Cash and investments 
   
   
 4,983 
   
   
 10,493 
   
   
 21,722 
   
 
 
   Non-reportable segments 
   
   
 991 
   
   
 740 
   
   
 1,280 
   
 
 
   Goodwill and intangible assets (d) 
   
   
 42,196 
   
   
 45,493 
   
   
 12,222 
   
 
 
   All other (d) 
   
   
 3,894 
   
   
 4,336 
   
   
 7,397  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Total Assets 
   
 
 
$ 
 67,173 
   
 
 
$ 
 76,250 
   
 
 
$ 
 52,666  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
 

 
 (d) Goodwill
and intangible assets related to AMO are included in the All other line in 2016.  
  

  
 
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Net Sales to External 
Customers (e)  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 2016  
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 
 
$ 
 10,839 
   
 
 
$ 
 9,673 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,486 
   
 
 
   China 
   
   
 2,311 
   
   
 2,146 
   
   
 1,728 
   
 
 
   Germany 
   
   
 1,619 
   
   
 1,366 
   
   
 1,044 
   
 
 
   India 
   
   
 1,333 
   
   
 1,237 
   
   
 1,114 
   
 
 
   Japan 
   
   
 1,326 
   
   
 1,255 
   
   
 924 
   
 
 
   Switzerland 
   
   
 1,005 
   
   
 841 
   
   
 766 
   
 
 
   The Netherlands 
   
   
 930 
   
   
 929 
   
   
 830 
   
 
 
   All Other Countries 
   
   
 11,215 
   
   
 9,943 
   
   
 7,961  
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​



 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
   Consolidated 
   
 
 
$ 
 30,578 
   
 
 
$ 
 27,390 
   
 
 
$ 
 20,853  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 

 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​



 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​ 
 ​


 


  
 ​


 


  
 ​   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (e) Sales
by country are based on the country that sold the product.  
  
          Long-lived
assets on a geographic basis primarily include property, plant and equipment. It excludes goodwill, intangible assets, deferred tax assets, and financial instruments. At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, long-lived assets totaled $8.7 billion and $8.9 billion, respectively, and in the United States such assets totaled $4.3 billion and
$4.5 billion, respectively. Long-lived asset balances associated with other countries were not material on an individual country basis in either of the two years.  

 93 

 
 
 
   
 
Abbott Laboratories and Subsidiaries  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

 


 


Note 17 — Quarterly Results (Unaudited)   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions except per share data) 
   
 2018  
   
 2017  
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Continuing Operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net Sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,390 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,335 
   
 
 
   Gross Profit 
   
   
 3,739 
   
   
 2,751 
   
 
 
   Earnings from Continuing Operations 
   
   
 409 
   
   
 386 
   
 
 
   Basic Earnings per Common Share 
   
   
 0.23 
   
   
 0.22 
   
 
 
   Diluted Earnings per Common Share 
   
   
 0.23 
   
   
 0.22 
   
 
 
   Net Earnings 
   
   
 418 
   
   
 419 
   
 
 
   Basic Earnings Per Common Share (a) 
   
   
 0.24 
   
   
 0.24 
   
 
 
   Diluted Earnings Per Common Share (a) 
   
   
 0.23 
   
   
 0.24 
   
 
 
   Market Price Per Share-High 
   
   
 64.60 
   
   
 45.84 
   
 
 
   Market Price Per Share-Low 
   
   
 55.58 
   
   
 38.34 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Continuing Operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net Sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,767 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,637 
   
 
 
   Gross Profit 
   
   
 3,923 
   
   
 3,056 
   
 
 
   Earnings from Continuing Operations 
   
   
 718 
   
   
 270 
   
 
 
   Basic Earnings per Common Share 
   
   
 0.41 
   
   
 0.15 
   
 
 
   Diluted Earnings per Common Share 
   
   
 0.40 
   
   
 0.15 
   
 
 
   Net Earnings 
   
   
 733 
   
   
 283 
   
 
 
   Basic Earnings Per Common Share (a) 
   
   
 0.42 
   
   
 0.16 
   
 
 
   Diluted Earnings Per Common Share (a) 
   
   
 0.41 
   
   
 0.16 
   
 
 
   Market Price Per Share-High 
   
   
 63.85 
   
   
 49.59 
   
 
 
   Market Price Per Share-Low 
   
   
 56.81 
   
   
 42.31 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Continuing Operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net Sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,656 
   
 
 
$ 
 6,829 
   
 
 
   Gross Profit 
   
   
 3,946 
   
   
 3,452 
   
 
 
   Earnings from Continuing Operations 
   
   
 552 
   
   
 561 
   
 
 
   Basic Earnings per Common Share 
   
   
 0.31 
   
   
 0.32 
   
 
 
   Diluted Earnings per Common Share 
   
   
 0.31 
   
   
 0.32 
   
 
 
   Net Earnings 
   
   
 563 
   
   
 603 
   
 
 
   Basic Earnings Per Common Share (a) 
   
   
 0.32 
   
   
 0.34 
   
 
 
   Diluted Earnings Per Common Share (a) 
   
   
 0.32 
   
   
 0.34 
   
 
 
   Market Price Per Share-High 
   
   
 73.58 
   
   
 54.80 
   
 
 
   Market Price Per Share-Low 
   
   
 60.32 
   
   
 47.83 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Continuing Operations: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net Sales 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,765 
   
 
 
$ 
 7,589 
   
 
 
   Gross Profit 
   
   
 4,086 
   
   
 3,747 
   
 
 
   Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations 
   
   
 655 
   
   
 (864 
 ) 
 
 
   Basic Earnings (Loss) per Common Share 
   
   
 0.37 
   
   
 (0.50 
 ) 
 
 
   Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Common Share 
   
   
 0.37 
   
   
 (0.50 
 ) 
 
 
   Net Earnings (Loss) 
   
   
 654 
   
   
 (828 
 ) 
 
 
   Basic Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share (a) 
   
   
 0.37 
   
   
 (0.48 
 ) 
 
 
   Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share (a) 
   
   
 0.37 
   
   
 (0.48 
 ) 
 
 
   Market Price Per Share-High 
   
   
 74.92 
   
   
 57.77 
   
 
 
   Market Price Per Share-Low 
   
   
 65.44 
   
   
 53.20 
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (a) The
sum of the four quarters of earnings per share for 2018 and 2017 may not add to the full year earnings per share amount due to rounding and/or the use of
quarter-to-date weighted average shares to calculate the earnings per share amount in each respective quarter.  
  
  94 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   
   Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting          

         The management of Abbott Laboratories is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Abbott's internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company's management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements.  

         All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.  

         Abbott's
management assessed the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018. In making this assessment, it used the criteria
set forth in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of
December 31, 2018, the company's internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.  


         Abbott's
independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on their assessment of the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting.
This report appears on page 97.  

 Miles
D. White 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  

 Brian
B. Yoor 
Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer  


 Robert
E. Funck 
Senior Vice President, Finance and Controller  

 February
22, 2019  

 95 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

 To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Abbott Laboratories  

 



 


Opinion on the Financial Statements   

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31,
2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' investment and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 22, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  


 


 


Basis for Opinion   

         These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

 /s/
Ernst & Young LLP  

 We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2013.  

 Chicago,
Illinois 
February 22, 2019  

 96 

 
 
 
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

 To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Abbott Laboratories  

 


 


Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

         We have audited Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on
criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria).
In our opinion, Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on
the COSO criteria.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of
December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2018, and the related notes of the Company and our report dated February 22, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

 


 


Basis for Opinion   

         The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.  

         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  

         Our
audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.  

 


 


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

         A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

 97 

 
 
 
   

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  


 /s/
Ernst & Young LLP  

 Chicago,
Illinois 
February 22, 2019  

 98 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 

   
       ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          

         None.   

   
       ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          


 


 


Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

          Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.     The Chief Executive Officer, Miles D. White, and the Chief Financial Officer, Brian
B. Yoor,
evaluated the effectiveness of Abbott Laboratories' disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, and concluded that Abbott Laboratories' disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to ensure that information Abbott is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms, and to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by Abbott in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Abbott's management, including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

 


 


Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

         Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting.     Management's report on Abbott's internal control over financial
reporting is
included on page 95 hereof. The report of Abbott's independent registered public accounting firm related to their assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is
included on page 96 hereof.  

          Changes in internal control over financial reporting.     During the quarter ended December 31, 2018, there were no changes in
Abbott's internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Abbott's internal control
over financial reporting.   

   
       ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION          

         None.  

 99 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   
   PART III          

   
       ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          


         Incorporated herein by reference are "Nominees for Election as Directors," "Committees of the Board of Directors," "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance," and "Procedure for Recommendation and Nomination of Directors and Transaction of Business at Annual Meeting" to be included in the 2019 Abbott Laboratories
Proxy Statement. The 2019 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about March 15, 2019. Also incorporated herein by reference is the text found under the caption, "Executive Officers of the
Registrant" on pages 17 through 20 hereof.  

         Abbott
has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer and controller. That code is part of
Abbott's code of business conduct which is available free of charge through Abbott's investor relations website ( www.abbottinvestor.com ). Abbott intends
to include on its website any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of its code of ethics that applies to Abbott's principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal
accounting officer and controller that relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K.   

   
       ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          


         The material to be included in the 2019 Proxy Statement under the headings "2018 Director Compensation" and "Executive Compensation" is
incorporated herein by reference. The 2019 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about March 15, 2019.   

   
       ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          

 
 (a) Equity Compensation Plan Information .  

 The
following table presents information as of December 31, 2018 about our compensation plans under which Abbott common shares have been authorized for issuance.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Plan Category

 

  
   
 (a) 
Number of 
securities to be 
issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights  
   
 (b) 
Weighted average 
exercise price 
of outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights  
   
 (c) 
Number of 
securities remaining 
available for 
future issuance 
under equity 
compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities reflected 
in column (a))  
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
   
   
 30,425,425 
   
 
 
$ 
 43.23 
   
   
 157,934,888 
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
   
 0 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0 
   
 
 
   Total (1)(2) 
   
   
 30,425,425 
   
 
 
$ 
 43.23 
   
   
 157,934,888 
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 

  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (1) 
   
 (i) 
   
 


 


 Abbott Laboratories 1996 Incentive Stock Program .    Benefits under the 1996 Program include stock options intended to qualify for special tax treatment under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code,
 stock options that do not qualify for that special tax treatment ("non-qualified stock options"), restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, and foreign qualified benefits. The shares that remain
 available for issuance under the 1996 Program may be issued in connection with any one of these benefits and may be either authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares (except that restricted stock awards may be satisfied only from treasury
 shares). 
 
 
 
  
  100 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 


 


 If there is a lapse, expiration, termination, forfeiture or cancellation of any benefit granted under the 1996 Program without the issuance of shares or payment of cash thereunder, the shares subject to or reserved for that benefit, or so reacquired,
  may again be used for new stock options, rights, or awards of any type authorized under the Abbott Laboratories 2009 Incentive Stock Program (the "2009 Program"). If shares are issued under any benefit under the 1996 Program and thereafter are
 reacquired by Abbott pursuant to rights reserved upon their issuance, or pursuant to the payment of the purchase price of shares under stock options by delivery of other common shares of Abbott, the shares subject to or reserved for that benefit, or
 so reacquired, may not again be used for new stock options, rights, or awards of any type authorized under the 1996 Program. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 


 


 In April 2009, the 1996 Program was replaced by the 2009 Program. No further awards will be granted under the 1996 Program. 
 
 
 
  
   
 (ii) 
   
 


 


 Abbott Laboratories 2009 Incentive Stock Program .    Benefits under the 2009 Program include non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, other share-based
 awards (including stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalents and recognition awards), awards to non-employee directors, and foreign benefits. The shares that remain available for issuance under the 2009 Program may be issued in connection with
 any one of these benefits and may be either authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares (except that restricted stock awards are satisfied from treasury shares). 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 


 


 If there is a lapse, expiration, termination, forfeiture or cancellation of any benefit granted under the 2009 Program without the issuance of shares or payment of cash thereunder, the shares subject to or reserved for that benefit, or so reacquired,
  may again be used for new stock options, rights, or awards of any type authorized under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program (the "2017 Program"). If shares are issued under any benefit under the 2009 Program and thereafter are
 reacquired by Abbott pursuant to rights reserved upon their issuance, or pursuant to the payment of the purchase price of shares under stock options by delivery of other common shares of Abbott, the shares subject to or reserved for that benefit, or
 so reacquired, may not again be used for new stock options, rights, or awards of any type authorized under the 2009 Program. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 


 


 In April 2017, the 2009 Program was replaced by the 2017 Program. No further awards will be granted under the 2009 Program. 
 
 
 
  
   
 (iii) 
   
 


 


 Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program .    Benefits under the 2017 Program include non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, other share-based
 awards (including stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalents and recognition awards), awards to non-employee directors, and foreign benefits. The shares that remain available for issuance under the 2017 Program may be issued in connection with
 any one of these benefits and may be either authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares (except that restricted stock awards are satisfied from treasury shares). 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 


 


 If there is a lapse, expiration, termination, forfeiture or cancellation of any benefit granted under the 2017 Program without the issuance of shares or payment of cash thereunder, the shares subject to or reserved for that benefit, or so reacquired,
  may again be used for new stock options, rights, or awards of any type authorized under the 2017 Program. If shares are issued under any benefit under the 2017 Program and thereafter are reacquired by Abbott pursuant to rights reserved upon their
 issuance, or pursuant to the payment of the purchase price of shares under stock options by delivery of other common shares of Abbott, the shares subject to or reserved for that benefit, or so reacquired, may not again be used for new stock options,
 rights, or awards of any type authorized under the 2017 Program. 
 
 
 
  
  101 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 (iv) 
   
 


 


 Abbott Laboratories Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Non-U.S. Employees .    Eligible employees of participating non-U.S. affiliates of Abbott may participate in this plan. An eligible employee may
 authorize payroll deductions at the rate of 1% to 10% of eligible compensation (in multiples of one percent) subject to a limit of US $12,500 during any purchase cycle. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 


 


 Purchase cycles are generally six months long and usually begin on August 1 and February 1. On the last day of each purchase cycle, Abbott uses participant contributions to acquire Abbott common shares. The shares may be either authorized
 but unissued shares, treasury shares, or shares acquired on the open market. The purchase price is typically 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the shares on the purchase date or on the first day of that purchase cycle. As the number of
 shares subject to outstanding options is indeterminable, columns (a) and (b) of the above table do not include information on the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. As of December 31, 2018, an aggregate of 13,708,139 common shares were
 available for future issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, including shares subject to purchase during the current purchase cycle. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 


 


 In April 2017, the 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Non-U.S. Employees was amended and restated as the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Non-U.S. Employees. 
 
 
 (2) 
   
   
   
 


 


 Not included in the table:  St. Jude Medical, Inc. Plans .    In 2017, in connection with the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, Inc., options outstanding under the
 St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated (2014) were assumed by Abbott and converted into Abbott options of substantially equivalent value. As of December 31, 2018, 2,649,188 options remained
 outstanding under these plans. These options have a weighted average purchase price of $30.42. No further awards will be granted under these plans. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  For
additional information concerning the Abbott Laboratories 1996 Incentive Stock Program, the Abbott Laboratories 2009 Incentive Stock Program, the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program,
and the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Non-U.S. Employees, see the discussion in Note 10 entitled "Incentive Stock Program" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."   

 
 (b) Information Concerning Security Ownership .    Incorporated herein by reference is the material under the
heading "Security Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors" and "Information Concerning Security Ownership" in the 2019 Proxy Statement. The 2019 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about
March 15, 2019.   

   
       ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          


         The material to be included in the 2019 Proxy Statement under the headings "The Board of Directors," "Committees of the Board of Directors," and
"Approval Process for Related Person Transactions" is incorporated herein by reference. The 2019 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about March 15, 2019.   

   
       ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES          

         The material to be included in the 2019 Proxy Statement under the headings "Audit Fees and Non-Audit Fees" and "Policy on Audit Committee
Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditor" is incorporated herein by reference. The 2019 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about March 15, 2019.  

 102 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   PART IV          

       ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES          

 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 
 (1) Financial Statements:     See Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," on
page 49 hereof, for a list of financial statements.
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules:     The required financial statement schedules are found on the pages
indicated below. These schedules should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements of Abbott Laboratories:  
 
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
 Abbott Laboratories Financial Statement Schedules

 

  
   
 Page No.  
   
 
 
   
   Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Schedule II) 
   
   
 115 
   
 
 
   
   Schedules I, III, IV, and V are not submitted because they are not applicable or not required 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
   
 116 
   
 
 
   
   Individual Financial Statements of businesses acquired by the registrant have been omitted pursuant to Rule 3.05 of
Regulation S-X 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 (3) Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:     The information called for by this
paragraph is set forth in Item 15(b) below.
   
 
 
 (b) Exhibits filed.   

   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  2.1 
   
   


 


 *Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 30, 2016, among Alere Inc. and Abbott Laboratories, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Abbott
 Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 30, 2016. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
2.2 
   
 
  


 


 *Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 13, 2017, among Alere Inc., Abbott Laboratories and Angel Sub, Inc., filed as
 Exhibit 2.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 14, 2017. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
2.3 
   
 
  


 


 *Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 27, 2016, by and among Abbott Laboratories, St. Jude Medical, Inc., Vault Merger Sub,
  Inc. and Vault Merger Sub, LLC, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 27, 2016. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
2.4 
   
 
  


 


 *Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2016, by and between Abbott Laboratories and Chace LLC and, solely for certain purposes,
 Johnson & Johnson, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 14, 2016. 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   


 


 Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted from these filings pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Abbott will furnish supplemental copies of any such schedules or exhibits to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon
 request. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
3.1 
   
 
  


 


 *Articles of Incorporation, Abbott Laboratories, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 March 31, 1998. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
3.2 
   
 
  


 


 *By-Laws of Abbott Laboratories, as amended and restated effective June 8, 2018, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report
 on Form 8-K dated June 8, 2018. 
 
 
 
 
  
  103 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  4.1 
   
   


 


 *Indenture dated as of February 9, 2001, between Abbott Laboratories and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to J.P. Morgan
 Trust Company, National Association, successor to Bank One Trust Company, N.A.) (including form of Security), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated February 12, 2001. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.2 
   
 
  


 


 *Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2006, between Abbott Laboratories and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to
 J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association), filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Abbott Laboratories Registration Statement on Form S-3 dated February 28, 2006. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.3 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of $1,000,000,000 6.150% Note due 2037, filed as Exhibit 99.6 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6,
 2007. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.4 
   
 
  


 


 *Actions of the Authorized Officers with respect to Abbott's 5.150% Notes due 2012, 5.600% Notes due 2017 and 6.150% Notes due 2037, filed as
 Exhibit 99.3 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2007. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.5 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of $1,000,000,000 6.000% Note due 2039, filed as Exhibit 99.5 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26,
 2009. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.6 
   
 
  


 


 *Actions of the Authorized Officers with respect to Abbott's 5.125% Note due 2019 and 6.000% Note due 2039, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Abbott
 Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2009. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.7 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 2040 Note, filed as Exhibit 99.6 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 27, 2010. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.8 
   
 
  


 


 *Actions of the Authorized Officers with respect to Abbott's 2.70% Notes, 4.125% Notes and 5.30% Notes, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Abbott
 Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 27, 2010. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.9 
   
 
  


 


 *Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2015, between Abbott Laboratories and U.S. Bank National Association (including form of Security), filed as
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 5, 2015. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.10 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 2.550% Note due 2022, filed as Exhibit 99.5 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 5,
 2015. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.11 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 2.950% Note due 2025, filed as Exhibit 99.6 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 5,
 2015. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.12 
   
 
  


 


 *Actions of the Authorized Officers with respect to Abbott's 2.000% Notes, 2.550% Notes and 2.950% Notes, filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Abbott
 Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 5, 2015. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.13 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 2.900% Notes due 2021, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 22,
 2016. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.14 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 3.400% Notes due 2023, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 22,
 2016. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.15 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 3.750% Notes due 2026, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 22,
 2016. 
 
 
 
 
  
  104 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  4.16 
   
   



 


 *Form of 4.750% Notes due 2036, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 22,
 2016. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.17 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of 4.900% Notes due 2046, filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 22,
 2016. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.18 
   
 
  


 


 *Officers' Certificate Pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.3 of the Indenture with respect to 2.350% Notes due 2019, 2.900% Notes due 2021, 3.400% Notes
 due 2023, 3.750% Notes due 2026, 4.750% Notes due 2036 and 4.900% Notes due 2046 (including forms of notes), filed as Exhibit 4.22 to the Abbott Laboratories 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.19 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 2.800% Notes due 2020, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 22,
 2017. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.20 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 3.875% Notes due 2025, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 22,
 2017. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.21 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 4.75% Notes due 2043, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 22,
 2017. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.22 
   
 
  


 


 *Officers' Certificate Pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.3 of the Indenture with respect to 2.000% Notes due 2018, 2.800% Notes due 2020, 3.25% Notes due
 2023, 3.875% Notes due 2025, and 4.75% Notes due 2043 (including form of notes), filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Abbott Laboratories Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.23 
   
 
  


 


 †Indenture, dated as of July 28, 2009, between St. Jude Medical, LLC (successor to St. Jude Medical, Inc.) and U.S. Bank
 National Association, as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2009. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.24 
   
 
  


 


 †Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 2, 2013, between St. Jude Medical, LLC (successor to St. Jude Medical,
  Inc.) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to St. Jude Medical, LLC's 3.25% Senior Notes due 2023 and 4.75% Senior Notes due 2043 (including forms of notes), filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the St. Jude Medical,
  Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 2, 2013. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.25 
   
 
  


 


 †Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2015, between St. Jude Medical, LLC (successor to St. Jude Medical,
  Inc.) and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to St. Jude Medical, LLC's 2.000% Senior Notes due 2018, 2.800% Senior Notes due 2020 and 3.875% Senior Notes due 2025, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the St. Jude
 Medical, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2015. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.26 
   
 
  


 


 †Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 4, 2017, among St. Jude Medical, Inc., St. Jude Medical, LLC and U.S.
 Bank National Association, as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the St. Jude Medical, LLC Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2017. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.27 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Seventh Supplemental Indenture between St. Jude Medical, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to
 the Abbott Laboratories Registration Statement on Form S-4 dated February 21, 2017. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.28 
   
 
  


 


 *Indenture dated September 27, 2018, among Abbott Ireland Financing DAC, as issuer, Abbott Laboratories, as guarantor and U.S. Bank National
 Association, as trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 27, 2018. 
 
 
 
 
  
  105 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  4.29 
   
   


 


 *First Supplemental Indenture dated September 27, 2018, among Abbott Ireland Financing DAC, as issuer, Abbott Laboratories, as guarantor, U.S. Bank
 National Association, as trustee, Elavon Financial Services DAC, U.K. Branch, as paying agent and transfer agent, and Elavon Financial Services DAC, as registrar, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated September 27, 2018. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.30 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 0.000% Note due 2020 (included in Exhibit 4.2 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 27,
 2018). 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.31 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 0.875% Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.2 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 27,
 2018). 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
4.32 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of 1.500% Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.2 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 27,
 2018). 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   


 


 Other debt instruments are omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. Copies of such agreements will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.1 
   
 
  


 


 *Supplemental Plan Abbott Laboratories Extended Disability Plan, filed as an exhibit (pages 50-51) to the 1992 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.2 
   
 
  


 


 *Abbott Laboratories Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the 2017 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.3 
   
 
  


 


 *Abbott Laboratories 401(k) Supplemental Plan, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the 2012 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.4 
   
 
  


 


 *Abbott Laboratories Supplemental Pension Plan, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the 2014 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.5 
   
 
  


 


 *1986 Abbott Laboratories Management Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the 2014 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.6 
   
 
  


 


 *1998 Abbott Laboratories Performance Incentive Plan, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the 2014 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.7 
   
 
  


 


 *Rules for the 1998 Abbott Laboratories Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the 2012 Abbott Laboratories
 Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.8 
   
 
  


 


 *Abbott Laboratories 1996 Incentive Stock Program, as amended and restated through the 6th Amendment February 20, 2009, filed as
 Exhibit 10.11 to the Abbott Laboratories Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.9 
   
 
  


 


 *Abbott Laboratories 2009 Incentive Stock Program, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the 2014 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.10 
   
 
  


 


 *Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B of Abbott's Definitive Proxy Statement on
 Schedule 14A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2017) 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.11 
   
 
  


 


 *Abbott Laboratories Non-Employee Directors' Fee Plan, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the 2016 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report
 on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.12 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Abbott Laboratories 1996 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 10, 2004.** 
 
 
 
 
  
  106 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  10.13 
   
   


 


 *Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement for a new Non-Qualified Stock Option under the Abbott Laboratories 1996 Incentive Stock Program granted on or
 after February 18, 2005, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 18, 2005.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.14 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for an award of non-qualified stock options under the Abbott Laboratories 1996 Incentive Stock Program
 granted on or after February 17, 2006, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 16, 2006.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.15 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for an award of non-qualified stock options under the Abbott Laboratories 1996 Incentive Stock Program
 granted on or after February 20, 2009, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 20, 2009.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.16 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated April 24, 2009.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.17 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated
 April 24, 2009.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.18 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (ratably vested), filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated
 April 24, 2009.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.19 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (ratably vested), filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.20 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign employees (ratably vested), filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report
 on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.21 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign employees (annual performance based), filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the 2013 Abbott
 Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.22 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign executive officers (annual performance based), filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the 2013
 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.23 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign employees (interim performance based), filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the 2013 Abbott
 Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.24 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign executive officers (interim performance based), filed as Exhibit 10.42 to the 2013
 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.25 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (cliff vested), filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.26 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for executive officers (cliff vested), filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report
 on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.27 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign employees (cliff vested), filed as Exhibit 10.45 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report
 on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
 
  
  107 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  10.28 
   
   


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign executive officers (cliff vested), filed as Exhibit 10.46 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual
 Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.29 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.30 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign non-employee directors, filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the 2013 Abbott
 Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.31 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Participants in France, filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.32 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (ratably vested), filed as Exhibit 10.50 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.33 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for executive officers (ratably vested), filed as Exhibit 10.51 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.34 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (annual performance based), filed as Exhibit 10.52 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.35 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Agreement for executive officers (annual performance based), filed as Exhibit 10.53 to the 2013 Abbott
 Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.36 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (interim performance based), filed as Exhibit 10.54 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.37 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Agreement for executive officers (interim performance based), filed as Exhibit 10.55 to the 2013 Abbott
 Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.38 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (cliff vested), filed as Exhibit 10.56 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.39 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for executive officers (cliff vested), filed as Exhibit 10.57 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.40 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.58 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.41 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for executive officers, filed as Exhibit 10.59 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.42 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for foreign employees, filed as Exhibit 10.60 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.43 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for foreign executive officers, filed as Exhibit 10.61 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.44 
   
 
  



 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, filed as Exhibit 10.64 to the 2013 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.45 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for foreign non-employee directors, filed as Exhibit 10.65 to the 2013 Abbott
 Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
 
  
  108 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  10.46 
   
   


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (ratably vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.47 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign employees (ratably vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.48 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (cliff vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the
 Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.49 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign employees (cliff vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.5 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.50 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign employees (annual performance based) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock
 Program, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.51 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign employees (interim performance based) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock
 Program, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.52 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (ratably vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Abbott
 Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.53 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (cliff vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Abbott
 Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.54 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (annual performance based) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.10 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.55 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (interim performance based) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.11 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.56 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Abbott
 Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.57 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for foreign employees under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.13 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.58 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for executive officers (cliff vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.14 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.59 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign executive officers (cliff vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed
 as Exhibit 10.15 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
 
  
  109 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  10.60 
   
   


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign executive officers (annual performance based) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017
 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.61 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign executive officers (interim performance based) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017
 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.62 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for executive officers (ratably vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.18 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.63 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for executive officers (cliff vested) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.19 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.64 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Agreement for executive officers (annual performance based) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock
 Program, filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.65 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Performance Restricted Stock Agreement for executive officers (interim performance based) under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock
 Program, filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.66 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for executive officers under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.22 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.67 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for foreign executive officers under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.23 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.68 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as Exhibit 10.24 to
 the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.69 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for foreign non-employee directors under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock
 Program, filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.70 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program, filed as
 Exhibit 10.26 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.71 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Non-Employee Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for foreign non-employee directors under the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock
 Program, filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28, 2017.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.72 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Agreement Regarding Change in Control by and between Abbott Laboratories and its named executive officers (other than Mr. White), filed as
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Abbott Laboratories Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 30, 2012.** 
 
 
 
 
  
  110 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  10.73 
   
   


 


 *Form of Extension of Agreement Regarding Change in Control by and between Abbott Laboratories and its named executive officers (other than
 Mr. White), extending the agreement term to December 31, 2018, filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the 2016 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.74 
   
 
  


 


 Form of Extension of Agreement Regarding Change in Control by and between Abbott Laboratories and its named executive officers (other than Mr. White), extending the agreement term to December 31,
 2020.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.75 
   
 
  


 


 *Form of Time Sharing Agreement between Abbott Laboratories, Inc. and M.D. White, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Abbott Laboratories Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.76 
   
 
  


 


 *2004 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Abbott Laboratories Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated
 March 20, 2009.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.77 
   
 
  


 


 †St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (2014), filed as Exhibit 10.22 to St. Jude Medical,
  Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 3, 2015 dated February 26, 2015.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.78 
   
 
  


 


 †Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Global) and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for stock options granted on or
 after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2012 dated
 February 26, 2013.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.79 
   
 
  


 


 †Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors and related Notice of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant for stock options
 granted on or after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29,
 2012, dated February 26, 2013.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.80 
   
 
  


 


 †Form of Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (Global) and related Restricted Stock Units Award Certificate for restricted stock units granted
 on or after December 10, 2012 under the St. Jude Medical, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the St. Jude Medical, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2012,
 dated February 26, 2013.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.81 
   
 
  


 


 *Management Savings Plan, as amended and restated, filed as Exhibit 10.83 to the 2017 Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.** 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
10.82 
   
 
  


 


 Five Year Credit Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2018, among Abbott Laboratories, various financial institutions, as lenders, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
21 
   
 
  


 


 Subsidiaries of Abbott Laboratories. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
23.1 
   
 
  


 


 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
31.1 
   
 
  


 


 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)). 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
31.2 
   
 
  


 


 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)). 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   


 


 Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are furnished herewith and should not be deemed to be "filed" under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 
 
 
  
  111 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 10-K 
Exhibit 
Table 
Item No.  
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
  32.1 
   
   



 


 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
32.2 
   
 
  



 


 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
101 
   
 
  


 


 The following financial statements and notes from the Abbott Laboratories Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on February 22, 2019, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statement of Earnings;
 (ii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income; (iii) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows; (iv) Consolidated Balance Sheet; (v) Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Investment; and (vi) the notes to the consolidated
 financial statements. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
  
 
  
 * Incorporated
herein by reference. Commission file number 1-2189.
 ** Denotes
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto.
 † Incorporated
herein by reference. Commission file number 1-12441.   
  
          Abbott
will furnish copies of any of the above exhibits to a shareholder upon written request to the Secretary, Abbott Laboratories, 100 Abbott Park Road, Abbott Park, Illinois
60064-6400.   

 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedule filed (page  115 ). 

       ITEM 16.    FORM 10-K SUMMARY          

         None.  

 112 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   
   SIGNATURES          


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Abbott Laboratories has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 ABBOTT LABORATORIES 
 
 
 
  
   
  By 
   
  /s/ MILES D. WHITE 



 

    Miles D. White 
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
  
   
 Date: February 22, 2019 
 
 
 
  
          Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Abbott Laboratories on February 22,
2019 in the capacities indicated below.  
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 /s/ MILES D. WHITE 


 

    Miles D. White 
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 
and Director of Abbott Laboratories 
(principal executive officer) 
   
  /s/ BRIAN B. YOOR 


 

    Brian B. Yoor 
Executive Vice President, Finance 
and Chief Financial Officer 
(principal financial officer) 
 
 
 /s/ ROBERT E. FUNCK 



 

    Robert E. Funck 
Senior Vice President, Finance and Controller 
(principal accounting officer) 
   
   
 
 
 /s/ ROBERT J. ALPERN, M.D. 


 

    Robert J. Alpern, M.D. 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
   
  /s/ ROXANNE S. AUSTIN 


 

    Roxanne S. Austin 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
 
 
 /s/ SALLY E. BLOUNT, PH.D. 


 

    Sally E. Blount, Ph.D. 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
   
  /s/ MICHELLE A. KUMBIER 


 

    Michelle A. Kumbier 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
 
 
 /s/ EDWARD M. LIDDY 



 

    Edward M. Liddy 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
   
  /s/ NANCY MCKINSTRY 


 

    Nancy McKinstry 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
 
 
 
  
  113 

 
 
 
   
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 /s/ PHEBE N. NOVAKOVIC 


 

    Phebe N. Novakovic 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
   
  /s/ WILLIAM A. OSBORN 


 

    William A. Osborn 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
 
 
 /s/ SAMUEL C. SCOTT III 


 

    Samuel C. Scott III 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
   
  /s/ DANIEL J. STARKS 


 

    Daniel J. Starks 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
 
 
 /s/ JOHN G. STRATTON 


 

    John G. Stratton 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
   
  /s/ GLENN F. TILTON 


 

    Glenn F. Tilton 
Director of Abbott Laboratories 
 
 
 
  
  114 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   
   ABBOTT LABORATORIES AND SUBSIDIARIES   SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS   FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018, 2017 AND 2016   (in millions of dollars)          
  

  
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Allowances for Doubtful 
Accounts and Product Returns

 

  
   
 Balance 
at Beginning 
of Year  
   
 Provisions/ 
Charges 
to Income  
   
 Amounts 
Charged Off 
and Other 
Deductions  
   
 Balance at 
End of Year  
   
 
 
   2018 
   
 
 
$ 
 294 
   
 
 
$ 
 110 
   
 
 
$ 
 (90 
 ) 
 
 
$ 
 314 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 250 
   
   
 105 
   
   
 (61 
 ) 
   
 294 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 337 
   
   
 92 
   
   
 (179 
 ) 
   
 250 
   
 
 
 
  
  115 

 
 
 
 

   

 


    


 




 




 





 




 




 


 
   

 
   
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Abbott Laboratories  

 


 


Opinion on the Financial Statement Schedule   

 We
have audited the consolidated financial statements of Abbott Laboratories and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2018, and have issued our report thereon dated February 22, 2019 (included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Our audits of the consolidated financial
statements included the financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)(2) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "schedule"). This schedule is the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's schedule, based on our audits.  

 In
our opinion, the schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when considered in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.  


 /s/
Ernst & Young LLP  

 Chicago,
Illinois 
February 22, 2019  

 116 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
