
 10-K
 1
 d157321d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 


 
    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549      
     FORM  10-K       
     (Mark One)  
 
 
 ☒ 
   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020  
   
 
 
 ☐ 
   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
   For the transition period from
                       to 
                           
     Vector
Acquisition Corporation    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
       
   
 


 

 

 
 

 
 


 
 Cayman Islands 
   
 001-39560 
   
 98-1550340 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   
 (Commission File Number) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
     
 


 

 

 
 


 
   One Market Street 
 Steuart Tower, 23rd Floor 
 San Francisco, CA 
   
 94105 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:  (415)-293-5000     Not Applicable  
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      

 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
   Title of Each Class: 
   
   Trading Symbol: 
   
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which 
Registered: 


 
 Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and  one-third  of one redeemable warrant 
   
 VACQU 
   
 The Nasdaq Capital Market 
 
 Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units 
   
 VACQ 
   
 The Nasdaq Capital Market 
 
 Redeemable warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 
   
 VACQW 
   
 The Nasdaq Capital Market 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
    Yes  ☐    No  ☒    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.    Yes  ☐    No  ☒  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  ☒    No  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a  non-accelerated 
filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act.      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 ☐ 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ☒ 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ☒ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
    
 Emerging growth company 
   
 ☒ 
   If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act).
    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    As of June 30, 2020, the last business day of the
registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the registrant’s securities were not publicly traded. The registrant’s units began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) on September 25, 2020 and
the registrant’s Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 (the “Class A ordinary shares”) and warrants began trading on the Nasdaq on November 16, 2020. The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares outstanding,
other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the ordinary shares on December 31, 2020, as reported on the Nasdaq, was $323,520,000 (based on the closing
sales price of the Class A ordinary shares on December 31, 2020 of $10.11).    As of March 30, 2021, 32,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001, and 8,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001, were issued and outstanding.    Documents Incorporated by Reference: None.
         
   
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 Page 
   
   
    
   
   


 
 
 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY  
    
   
 iii 
   
 
 
 
 
   PART I  
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Item 1. 
   
 Business 
    
   
 1 
   
 
   Item 1A.         
   
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 25 
   
 
   Item 1B. 
   
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 60 
   
 
   Item 2. 
   
 Properties 
    
   
 60 
   
 
   Item 3. 
   
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 60 
   
 
   Item 4. 
   
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 60 
   
 
 
 
 
   PART II  
    
   
 61 
   
 
   Item 5. 
   
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 61 
   
 
   Item 6. 
   
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 62 
   
 
   Item 7. 
   
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 63 
   
 
   Item 7A. 
   
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 66 
   
 
   Item 8. 
   
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 67 
   
 
   Item 9. 
   
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 67 
   
 
   Item 9A. 
   
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 67 
   
 
 
 
 
   PART III  
    
   
 68 
   
 
   Item 10. 
   
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 68 
   
 
   Item 11. 
   
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 75 
   
 
   Item 12. 
   
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
    
   
 76 
   
 
   Item 13. 
   
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 78 
   
 
   Item 14. 
   
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 80 
   
 
 
 
 
   PART IV  
    
   
 81 
   
 
   Item 15. 
   
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
    
   
 81 
   
 
   Item 16. 
   
 Form  10-K  Summary 
    
   
 82 
   
 
      i  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  CERTAIN TERMS  
 Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form  10-K  (this “Report”), or the context
otherwise requires, references to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “amended and restated memorandum and article of association” are to our second amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association;       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “Class  A ordinary shares” means our Class  A ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share;       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “Class  B ordinary shares” means our Class  B ordinary shares,
par value $0.0001 per share;       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “Companies Act” are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be
amended from time to time;       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “founder shares” are to our Class  B ordinary shares initially issued to our
sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class  A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class  B ordinary shares at the time of our initial
business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class  A ordinary shares will not be “public shares”);   
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “management” or our “management team” are to our executive officers and directors; 
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “ordinary shares” are to our Class  A ordinary shares and our
Class  B ordinary shares;       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “private placement warrants” are to the warrants to be issued to our sponsor in a private placement
simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any;       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “public shares” are to our Class  A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in
our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market);       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “public shareholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management
team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor’s and each member of our management team’s status as a “public shareholder” will only exist with respect to
such public shares;       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “sponsor” are to Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership;
and       
 
 
   
 • 
   
   “we,” “us,” “our,” “company” or “our company” are to Vector
Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company.   
      ii  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY
   This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates,”
“expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “may,” “might,” “will,” “potential,” “possible,” “projects,” “predicts,” “continue,” “could,”
“would,” or “should,” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. However, the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. In addition, any statements that
refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from
expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These
statements are based on management’s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to complete our initial business combination with Rocket Lab (as defined below);
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors
following our initial business combination;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest
with our business or in approving our initial business combination;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our pool of prospective target businesses;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the ongoing  COVID-19  pandemic;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the lack of a market for our securities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account
balance;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our financial performance following our initial public offering and the closing of our potential business
combination with Rocket Lab; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the other risks and uncertainties discussed in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Report.
   The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning
future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which
are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking  
      iii  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.  
      iv  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART I  
   
 
 
 ITEM 1. 
   BUSINESS  
 Introduction    We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to
throughout this Report as our initial business combination.    Vector Capital  
 Vector Capital is a San Francisco-based private equity firm focused on special situations investments in technology and technology enabled
businesses in the middle-market. Founded in 1997, Vector currently oversees $3.5 billion in capital across its private equity and credit strategies and has invested $3.5 billion in more than 50 technology companies since its
inception. Throughout its 24 year history, Vector has exclusively focused on investments within the technology sector and has built a successful track record of executing public buyouts, acquisitions of private and venture-backed companies,
corporate spin-outs and divestitures, credit recapitalizations and restructurings, minority investments in “bootstrapped” companies, and private investments in public equity. Within technology, Vector invests across a variety of sectors,
including Vertical Applications, Horizontal Applications, Data Analytics, Cloud & IT Infrastructure Solutions, IT Security, Mobile Technologies, IP Licensing, Data & Information Services, Data Communications Solutions, Digital
Media & Internet, and Industrial Tech & Internet of Things, among others. Vector’s disciplined approach to valuation and flexible approach to investment structure is intended to deliver superior risk adjusted returns.  
 Vector Capital’s principals include Mr. Alex Slusky, Vector’s Founder, Managing Director, and Chief Investment Officer;
Mr. David Fishman, Managing Director and Head of Vector’s Investment Team; and Mr. David Baylor, Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Slusky, Mr. Fishman, and Mr. Baylor are supported by more than 30
investing and operating professionals including a dedicated sourcing team, a highly experienced investment team, and a value creation team with over 300 years of collective experience within the technology sector. We believe that Vector
Capital’s technology expertise serves as a significant competitive advantage over generalist private equity funds when sourcing investment opportunities, conducting due diligence, adding value post-acquisition, and exiting investments.  
 Vector Acquisition Corporation will leverage the full capabilities of the Vector platform and have comprehensive access to its team, deal
prospects, and network, along with any necessary resources to aid in the identification, diligence, and operational support of a target for the initial business combination.  
 Our Management Team    Our management team
is led by Mr. Alex Slusky, Vector’s Founder, Managing Director, and Chief Investment Officer, Mr. David Fishman, Managing Director and Head of Vector’s Investment Team, and Mr. David Baylor, Managing Director and Chief
Operating Officer. Collectively, they have more than 90 years of operational, financial, investment, and transactional experience, primarily within the technology sector. Our management team is supported by Mr. John Herr and Mr. David
Kennedy, who serves as our directors along with Mr. Slusky.    Mr. Slusky founded Vector Capital in 1997 and has more than
25 years of investing and operating experience in technology companies. He is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and holds the same positions with Vector Acquisition Corporation II (Nasdaq: VAQC) (“Vector II”), Vector
Acquisition Corporation III (“Vector III”) and Vector Acquisition Corporation IV (“Vector IV” and, collectively with Vector II, Vector III and any future special purpose acquisition company sponsored by an affiliate of Vector,
the “Vector SPACs”).  
      1  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Mr. Slusky has deep technical experience in both private and public technology companies and has successfully invested across multiple market cycles including the 1998 — 2000
Internet bubble and the 2008 — 2009 financial crisis. Prior to founding Vector Capital, Mr. Slusky led the technology equity practice at Ziff Brothers Investments, managing a portfolio of public and private technology investments
which later became Vector Capital I. Prior to Ziff, Mr. Slusky spent three years at New Enterprise Associates (NEA), where he focused on venture investments in software, communications, and digital media. Mr. Slusky began his career
at Microsoft and McKinsey & Company.    Mr. Fishman joined Vector Capital in 2006 and has more than 20 years of investing
and transactional experience in technology companies. He is our President and holds the same position with Vector II, Vector III and Vector IV. Prior to joining Vector, Mr. Fishman spent ten years at Goldman, Sachs & Co. where he
was a Managing Director in the Mergers and Acquisitions division and focused on technology and media transactions. Mr. Fishman has extensive transaction expertise, having consummated approximately 30 mergers and acquisitions during his tenure
at Goldman, worth an aggregate value of $110 billion, including transactions involving Microsoft, eBay, Adobe, IBM, Oracle, and PeopleSoft.  
 Mr. Baylor joined Vector Capital in 2008 and has more than 30 years of operating experience, including as a senior executive at a
publicly traded company. He is our Chief Financial Officer and holds the same position with Vector II, Vector III and Vector IV. Prior to joining Vector, Mr. Baylor was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Thomas Weisel
Partners where he was a member of the Executive Committee. Prior to Thomas Weisel Partners, Mr. Baylor was a Managing Director with Montgomery Securities, a securities attorney with Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady, Falk & Rabkin, and
a certified public accountant with Deloitte & Touche.    Mr. Slusky and Mr. Fishman, who have worked together for
14 years and constitute Vector Capital’s Investment Committee, have spent their entire careers evaluating and investing in technology businesses and have a deep understanding of trends, market cycles, vertical expertise, and the proven
ability to identify, diligence, structure, and transform technology investments.    Mr. Herr is a seasoned technology executive with
more than 25 years of experience in the cloud, consumer internet,  e-commerce,  new media, and financial services sectors, and has an exceptional track record of scaling technology businesses into large
enterprises. Mr. Herr previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Avetta for four years and under his leadership, the company experienced significant revenue growth and transformed from break-even to highly profitable. Prior to Avetta,
Mr. Herr served as CEO of Adaptive Insights, where he was responsible for meaningful revenue growth during his four-year tenure. Adaptive was ultimately sold to Workday for over $1.5 billion. Mr. Herr has also held executive roles at
EZ Shield, eBay, PayPal, and Buy.com. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Planful, a Vector Capital portfolio company, and WineAccess.com, as well as Vector II.  
 Mr. Kennedy is the  co-founder  and a Partner at Serent Capital, a San Francisco-based lower-middle
market private equity firm focused on service and technology businesses. During his  12-year  tenure at Serent Capital, Mr. Kennedy has built a successful track record investing in high growth technology
companies. Prior to  co-founding  Serent Capital in 2008, Mr. Kennedy was President and Chairman of ServiceSource (NASDAQ: SREV), a Business Process Outsourcing software company that served many of the
world’s leading technology companies. Under Mr. Kennedy’s leadership, ServiceSource grew revenues, profits, and employees and oversaw strong shareholder returns. Previously, David was a consultant at McKinsey & Company in
London, Dublin, and San Francisco, and an Operations Manager at HJ Heinz in Central & Eastern Europe. Mr. Kennedy also serves on the Board of Directors of Vector II.  
 Our management team is supported by Vector Capital’s entire team of sourcing, investment, and operating professionals, all of whom had
meaningful experience investing in, advising, or working at technology companies before joining Vector. Vector Capital’s core team has been investing together in the technology sector  
      2  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
for over a decade and has collectively built a network of relationships that we believe will be invaluable for providing us with a substantial number of attractive business targets.  
 With respect to the above, past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either
(i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective
affiliates as indicative of future performance. Our management team and their respective affiliates have been involved with a large number of public and private companies in addition to those identified above, not all of which have achieved similar
performance levels. For a complete list of our executive officers and entities for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such officers and the company, please see “Item 10 — Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance — Conflicts of Interest”.    Proposed Business Combination  
 Merger Agreement    On March 1, 2021,
we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), with Rocket Lab USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Rocket Lab”), and
Prestige USA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Lab (“Merger Sub”). The Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were unanimously approved by our board of directors and by the
boards of directors of Rocket Lab.    The Merger Agreement contemplates that our business combination with Rocket Lab and Merger Sub will be
completed through the following series of transactions:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we will domesticate as a Delaware corporation (the “Domestication” and the company following the
Domestication, “Delaware Vector”) and, in connection therewith, (a) our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into an equal number
of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Vector Delaware (the “Delaware Vector Common Stock”); (b) our warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will
convert into an equal number of warrants to purchase Delaware Vector Common Stock (the “Delaware Vector Warrants”) and (c) our units that have not been separated into Class A ordinary shares and warrants issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into an equal number of units of Delaware Vector (the “Delaware Vector Units”);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   concurrently with the Domestication, Rocket Lab will amend and restate its certificate of incorporation (the
“Charter Amendment”), and in connection therewith, (a) each issued and outstanding share of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Rocket Lab will convert into shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Rocket
Lab (the “Rocket Lab Common Stock”), in accordance with the terms thereof; (b) each issued and outstanding share of Rocket Lab Common Stock (after giving effect to the conversion contemplated by clause (a)) will convert automatically
into a number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below); (c) each then issued and outstanding warrant of Rocket Lab will convert into a new warrant of Rocket Lab (a “New Rocket Lab Warrant”) for a
number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock and with the applicable exercise price per share determined in accordance with the Merger Agreement; (d) each then issued and outstanding option to purchase Rocket Lab Common Stock will convert into a
new option for a number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock (a “New Rocket Lab Option”) and with the applicable exercise price per share determined in accordance with the Merger Agreement; and (e) each award of Rocket Lab’s
restricted stock units will convert into an award of restricted stock units with respect to a number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock (the “New Rocket Lab Restricted Stock Units”) determined in accordance with the Merger Agreement;
 
      3  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   immediately following the Domestication, Merger Sub will merge with and into Delaware Vector, with Delaware
Vector surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Lab (the “First Merger”), and in connection therewith, (a) the shares of Delaware Vector Common Stock (other than any treasury shares, shares held by Delaware Vector
or any dissenting shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger (the “First Effective Time”) will convert into an equal number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock; (b) the Delaware Vector
Warrants that are outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the First Effective Time will convert into an equal number of warrants to purchase Rocket Lab Common Stock (the “Assumed Warrants”) and (c) the Delaware Vector Units
that are outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time will convert into an equal number of units of Rocket Lab (the “Assumed Units”); and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   immediately following the First Effective Time, Rocket Lab will merge with and into Delaware Vector, with
Delaware Vector surviving the merger (Delaware Vector as the surviving corporation, “PublicCo” and such merger, the “Second Merger” and, together with the First Merger, the “Mergers”).  
 In connection with the Second Merger:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock (other than any treasury shares, shares held by Rocket Lab or dissenting
shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Second Merger (the “Second Effective Time”) will convert into an equal number of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of PublicCo (the
“PublicCo Common Stock”);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the New Rocket Lab Warrants and the Assumed Warrants outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Second
Effective Time will convert into an equal number of warrants to purchase PublicCo Common Stock;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each New Rocket Lab Option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Second Effective Time
(whether vested or unvested) will automatically be assumed by PublicCo and will generally be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such New Rocket Lab Option immediately prior to the Second Effective Time;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each New Rocket Lab Restricted Stock Unit that is outstanding and unvested immediately prior to the Second
Effective Time will automatically be assumed by PublicCo and converted into an award of time-vesting restricted stock units with respect to a number of shares of PublicCo Common Stock equal to the number of New Rocket Lab Restricted Stock Units
subject to such award and will generally be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such New Rocket Lab Restricted Stock Unit immediately prior to the Second Effective Time; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each Assumed Unit that is outstanding immediately prior to the Second Effective Time will automatically be
converted into a unit of PublicCo.    In addition to the above, if the closing price of PublicCo Common Stock is equal to
or greater than $20.00 for a period of at least 20 days out of 30 consecutive trading days during the period commencing on the 90th day following the closing of the Business Combination (the “Closing”) and ending on the 180th day following
the Closing, the Rocket Lab stockholders will be entitled to receive additional shares of PublicCo Common Stock equal to 8% of the Aggregate Share Consideration (as defined below).  
 For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the “Exchange Ratio” equals the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Aggregate Share
Consideration by (ii) the aggregate number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Charter Amendment on a fully diluted basis (other than the Management Redemption Shares). The “Aggregate Share
Consideration” means the quotient obtained by dividing (i) an amount equal to $4,000,000,000 minus the Management Redemption Amount (as defined below) by (ii) (x) an amount equal to $10.00 plus (y) an amount equal to (a) the
interest earned on funds held in Vector’s trust account divided by (b) the number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding immediately prior to the Closing.  
      4  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The Domestication, the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the “Business Combination”. The Business Combination is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions.  
 The Merger Agreement also provides that:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Immediately prior to the Closing, Rocket Lab will enter into redemption agreements with certain members of Rocket
Lab management pursuant to which Rocket Lab will redeem from such individuals shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock (the “Management Redemption Shares”) for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed $40,000,000 (the purchase price for any
redemptions, the “Management Redemption Amount”).     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The parties have agreed to take all action within their power as may be necessary or appropriate such that,
effective immediately after the Closing, the board of directors of Delaware Vector will consist of six directors, including five current directors of Rocket Lab and one designee of the company, who will be Alex Slusky.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   We will be providing the holders of Class A ordinary shares the right to redeem all or a portion of their
Class A ordinary shares in connection with the Business Combination, as set forth in our governing documents.    The
obligation of the company, Rocket Lab and Merger Sub to consummate the Business Combination is subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the
HSR Act, (ii) the approval of the company’s shareholders, (iii) the approval of Rocket Lab’s stockholders, and (iii) the Registration Statement on Form  S-4  relating to the Mergers
becoming effective. In addition, our obligation to consummate the Business Combination is subject to the fulfillment of other closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the representations and warranties of Rocket Lab and Merger Sub
being true and correct to the standards applicable to such representations and warranties and each of the covenants of Rocket Lab and Merger Sub having been performed or complied with in all material respects and (ii) no Company Material
Adverse Effect (as defined in the Agreement) having occurred. The obligation of Rocket Lab to consummate the Business Combination is also subject to the fulfillment of other closing conditions, including, but not limited to, (i) the
representations and warranties of the company being true and correct to the standards applicable to such representations and warranties and each of the covenants of the company having been performed or complied with in all material respects and
(iii) the aggregate cash proceeds from our trust account, together with the proceeds from the PIPE Financing (as defined below), equaling no less than $500,000,000 (after deducting any amounts paid to our shareholders that exercise their
redemption rights in connection with the Business Combination but before the payment of any transaction costs of the company and Rocket Labs).  
 The Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the Closing (i) by mutual written
consent of the company and Rocket Lab; (ii) by the company if the representations and warranties of Rocket Lab and Merger Sub are not true and correct or if Rocket Lab or Merger Sub fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the
Merger Agreement such that certain conditions to Closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured
within certain specified time periods; (iii) by Rocket Lab if the representations and warranties of the company are not true and correct or if the company fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Merger Agreement such that
certain conditions to Closing cannot be satisfied and the breach or breaches of such representations or warranties or the failure to perform such covenant or agreement, as applicable, are not cured or cannot be cured within certain specified time
periods; (iv) subject to certain limited exceptions, by either the company or Rocket Lab if the Business Combination is not consummated by November 30, 2021; (v) by either the company or Rocket Lab if the approval by our shareholders of
the Business Combination shall not have been obtained and (vi) by either the company or Rocket Lab if the approval by Rocket Lab’s stockholders of the Business Combination shall not have been obtained.  
      5  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Lock-up  Arrangements  
 In connection with the Closing, certain Rocket Lab stockholders who enter into a Support Agreement (as defined below), will enter into a
lockup agreement with PublicCo pursuant to which they will agree not to transfer, sell or assign their shares of PublicCo Common Stock for six months following the Closing. In addition, Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P., our sponsor, has agreed not
to transfer, sell or assign its shares of PublicCo Common Stock received in connection with the Business Combination until the earliest of (a) one year after the Closing and (b) subsequent to Closing, (i) if the closing price of the
PublicCo Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any
 30-trading  day period commencing at least 150 days after Closing, or (y) the date on which PublicCo completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of
its public stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash, securities or other property.    PIPE Financing  
 Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements (the “Subscription Agreements”)
with certain investors (the “PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and we agreed to issue and sell to such PIPE Investors, immediately prior to Closing, an aggregate of 46,700,000
shares of PublicCo Common Stock for a purchase price of $10.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $467,000,000 (the “PIPE Financing”).  
 The closing of the PIPE Financing is contingent upon, among other things, the substantially concurrent consummation of the Business
Combination. The Subscription Agreements provide that we will grant the investors in the PIPE Financing certain customary registration rights.    Sponsor
Letter Agreement    Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we entered into a letter agreement (the “Sponsor
Letter Agreement”) with our sponsor, pursuant to which our sponsor agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of our shareholders, and in any action by written resolution of our shareholders, all of its Class B ordinary
shares or Delaware Vector Common Stock, as applicable, in favor of the Business Combination and the other proposals to be voted upon at our shareholder meeting; (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business
Combination and (iii) waive the anti-dilution protection with respect to the Class B ordinary shares, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Sponsor Letter Agreement.     
 Support Agreements    Concurrently with the
execution of the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of Rocket Lab representing the requisite votes necessary to approve the Business Combination entered into support agreements (the “ S upport Agreements”) with the company,
pursuant to which each such stockholder agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of Rocket Lab’s stockholders, and in any action by written consent of Rocket Lab’s stockholders, all of its Rocket Lab equity securities in
favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Mergers; (ii) be bound by certain other covenants and agreements related to the Business Combination and (iii) be bound by
certain transfer restrictions with respect to such securities, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Support Agreements.  
 Business Strategy    We have an extensive
track record of successfully sourcing and executing special situations technology investments, including public buyouts, acquisitions of private and venture-backed companies, corporate spin-outs  
      6  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
and divestitures, credit recapitalizations and restructurings, minority investments in “bootstrapped” companies, and private investments in public equity. Vector Capital’s
sourcing, investment, and value creation professionals have spent years developing relationships with technology company founders, CEOs and other executives, venture capitalists, private equity investors, board members, intermediaries and other
industry leaders. We believe that Vector Capital’s reputation and expertise as a technology specialist gives us greater credibility with sellers and management teams and provides us with an advantage during a transaction process.  
 We believe our sourcing capabilities, which are supported by our expansive network and deep and constantly growing relationships with
technology company founders, CEOs and other executives, venture capitalists, private equity investors, board members, intermediaries and other industry leaders are a competitive advantage. Our dedicated sourcing professionals are well qualified and
focused on developing proprietary investment opportunities. We evaluate the public markets using our proprietary screens, communicate with larger technology companies to uncover  spin-out  candidates, engage the
venture and private equity community to identify quality companies in older vintage funds, and most importantly, maintain substantive dialogues with entrepreneurs, board members, and executives of companies who may benefit from our capital and
expertise to navigate a transition or a difficult time in their business. In 2018 and 2019, we considered approximately 900 opportunities each year, of which more than 200 were of sufficient interest to review in closer detail each year.  
 Additionally, our established reputation for insightful analysis, ability to create value in complex situations, active involvement in value
creation initiatives, and being a knowledgeable partner, results in frequent inbound communication from founders, shareholders, management teams, and investment bankers seeking our advice and soliciting our interest in special situations investment
opportunities.    Vector has established a successful track record spanning 23 years and we have demonstrated our ability to identify,
evaluate, and execute special situations technology investments through volatile markets.    Acquisition Strategy  
 Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and
guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire companies that we believe:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   operate in an attractive industry;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have a defensible core business, sustainable revenues and established customer relationships;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have strong product capabilities that offer an attractive value proposition to customers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have capable, talented management teams who are experts in their industries  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   can benefit from our expertise and value creation initiatives; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   have reached a point in their lifecycle where a change in the capital structure can facilitate additional
constructive growth through investments or acquisitions.    These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any
evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management and our board may deem
relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our
shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would
file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).  
      7  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Market Opportunity  
 We intend to identify and acquire a business within the technology and technology-enabled services sectors with an overall transaction value
between $900 million and $3.0 billion. We believe that these sectors represent attractive target markets given the size, breadth and prospects for growth, with global information technology spending expected to be $3.9 trillion in 2020 and
expected to continue to grow in the future. We believe that this large, ecosystem creates a compelling opportunity for us to identify, build relationships with, and create opportunities to complete an initial business combination with very
attractive companies. Additionally, we believe that technology has become, and will continue to be, a core component of every economic sector. As technology continues to propagate across different functional departments within an organization, the
need for additional technology solutions will increase, expanding the addressable market for technology companies.    Initial Business Combination
   So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target
businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of
signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a
target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company’s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company’s assets or prospects,
including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful
or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80% of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the
valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to
shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion.    We anticipate structuring our
initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our
initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for
other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post- business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post- business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For
example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a
result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post- business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes
of the 80% of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target  
      8  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for
purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable.    To the extent we effect our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.  
 The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not
ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.    Our
Acquisition Process    In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review that encompasses, among
other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that will be made available to us. We also utilize our operational
and capital planning experience.    We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an
opinion in any other context.    Members of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares
and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our
officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement
with respect to our initial business combination.    All of the members of our management team are employed by certain affiliates of Vector
Capital. Vector Capital is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination. We will not consider a business combination with any company that has already been
identified to Vector Capital as an acquisition candidate for it.    Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the
future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including without limitation the Vector SPACs and any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in, pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations (including, without limitation, any of the Vector SPACs), then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of  
      9  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
association provide that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in
his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis.  
 In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have formed, or become an officer or director, of other blank check companies, and may
continue to do so in the future prior to the completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us
or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. We do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor,
officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential
business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.    Status as a Public Company  
 We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a
target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their
shares of stock in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the
sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer
period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in
connection with a business combination with us.    Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will
have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have
negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders’ interests and the ability to use its
shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.  
 While we believe that our structure and our management team’s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target
businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively.  
 We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we
are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a  non-binding  advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be
a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.  
      10  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth
company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the
adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.  
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of
our Class A ordinary shares that are held by  non-affiliates  exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in  non-convertible  debt during the prior three-year period.    Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting
company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of  Regulation S-K.  Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only
two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates 
equals or exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates  equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30.    Financial Position  
 As of December 31, 2020, we had approximately $320,000,000 available to consummate an initial business combination after payment of the
estimated expenses of our initial public offering and $11,200,000 of deferred underwriting fees. With these funds available for a business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its
owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity
securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken
any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.    Effectuating Our Initial Business Combination
   General    We are not
presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public
offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into
following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to
complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.  
 If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for
payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes,
including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the    post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.  
      11  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination,
either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the
potential availability of the backstop arrangement with our sponsor, we are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of
debt or otherwise.    Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we
cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely affect a target business.    Sources of Target Businesses  
 We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market
participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through
calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting.
Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have,
as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and
directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which
event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use
of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of
finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their
respective affiliates paid by us any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). We pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any
 out-of-pocket  expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment
or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition
candidate.    We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion
in any other context.  
      12  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have,
additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including the Vector SPACs and other entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will
honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.  
 Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination  
 In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also
utilize our management team’s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.  
 The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business
combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their
respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our
sponsor.    Lack of Business Diversification  
 For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on
the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our
operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a
substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.
   Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team  
 Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our
initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a
public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with
the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is
 
      13  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will
have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.    We cannot assure you that any of
our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination.    Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the
target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.  
 Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination  
 We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.
   Under the Nasdaq’s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for
example:    We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other
than in a public offering);    Any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or
greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or in the consideration to be paid in the transaction and the present or potential issuance of
ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5% or more ; or    The issuance or
potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control.    The decision as to whether we will seek
shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of
factors, including, but not limited to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional
time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other time and budget constraints of the company; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to
present to shareholders.    Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities  
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors,  
      14  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of
our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive
officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public
shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public
shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material  non-public  information not
disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act. of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).  
 In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their
shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private
transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.
   The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of
obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business
combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.  
 In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.  
 Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their
affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of
tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential
selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy
with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the shareholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates
will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with
Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.    Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or  Rule 10b-5  of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person
pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.  
      15  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination
   We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon
the completion of our initial business combination at a  per-share  price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the
consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to
the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share. The  per-share  amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc., the underwriters of our initial public offering. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a
beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our
public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our
initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.    Limitations on Redemptions  
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to
the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business
combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the
proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
thereof.    Manner of Conducting Redemptions  
 We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the
completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval
of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to
seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset
acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by
applicable law or stock exchange listing  
      16  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the
Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules.    If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   file proxy materials with the SEC.  
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.  
 If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in
person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public
shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser’s founder shares, we would need 12,000,001, or 37.5% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 2,000,001, or 6.25% (assuming
only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 32,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.    If we conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   conduct the redemptions pursuant to  Rule 13e-4  and
Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain
substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.  
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we
and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with  Rule 10b5-1  to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with
 Rule 14e-5  under the Exchange Act.    In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with  Rule 14e-1(a)  under the Exchange Act, and we will not be
 
      17  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination.  
 Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval  
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which
we refer to as “Excess Shares,” without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their
redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public
shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to
the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a
small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash.    However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares
(including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.    Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or
Redemption Rights    Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their
shares in “street name,” will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to
deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled
vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery
requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise
its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.  
 There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them
through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred
regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be
effectuated.  
      18  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order
to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a
proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him
or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an “option window” after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company’s
shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which
shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for
physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved.  
 Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on
the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the
applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares
electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.    If our initial
business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account.
In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.    If our initial
proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering.  
 Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination  
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we have 24 months from the closing of our initial public
offering to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a  per-share  price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.  
      19  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us,
pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame).
   Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a  per-share  price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject
to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the
amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person.
   We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the $865,903 held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2020) plus up to $100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there
will be sufficient funds for such purpose.    If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of
the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the  per-share  redemption amount received
by shareholders upon our dissolution would be $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot
assure you that the actual  per-share  redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than $10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds
sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims.    Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust
account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not
limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets,
including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only
enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may
engage a third-party that refuses to execute a  
      20  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of,
or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us
if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than
$10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective
target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not
asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of
our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and
prospective target businesses.    In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net
of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our
independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to
enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors
the actual value of the  per-share  redemption price will not be less than $10.00 per public share.  
 We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. We will have access to up to $865,903 of proceeds held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2020) with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently
estimated to be no more than approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be
liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder.  
 If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our    bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00  
      21  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all
amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.  
 Our public shareholders ware entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in
clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the
event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an
applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote.    Competition  
 In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are
well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability
to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with
our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.  
 Facilities    We currently maintain our
executive offices at One Market Street, Steuart Tower, 23rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105. The cost for our use of this space is included in the $10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and
support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.  
      22  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Employees  
 We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they
intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been
selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.  
 Periodic Reporting and Financial Information  
 We registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the
requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public
accountants.    We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such
statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as
a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements
outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be
material.    We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 as required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the
independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.  
 On September 24, 2020, we filed a Registration Statement on Form  8-A  with the SEC to voluntarily
register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other
obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination.    We are a Cayman Islands
exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied
for and expect to receive, after the effectiveness of the registration statement of which the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering forms a part, a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance
with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits,
 
      23  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or
inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our
shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.    We are an
“emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to
other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a  non-binding  advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.
   In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the
extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.  
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of
our Class A ordinary shares that are held by  non-affiliates  exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in  non-convertible  debt during the prior three-year period.    Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting
company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of  Regulation S-K.  Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only
two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates 
equals or exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates  equals or exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30.    Legal Proceedings  
 There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in
their capacity as such.    Availability of Reports and Other Information  
 SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form  10-K,  Quarterly Reports on Form  10-Q,  Current Reports on Form  8-K  and all amendments and exhibits to those reports are available through the SEC’s website, http://www.sec.gov. We will provide paper
copies of such filings free of charge upon request. At this time, we do not maintain a website and there is no estimate for when such a website will be maintained by us.  
      24  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
   RISK FACTORS  
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described
below, together with all of the other information contained in this Report and the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business,
financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.  
 In addition to the risks and uncertainties set forth below, we face certain material risks and uncertainties related to the proposed
transaction with Rocket Lab. In addition, if we succeed in effecting the proposed transaction, we will face additional and different risks and uncertainties related to the business of Rocket Lab. Such material risks will be set forth in the
registration statement on Form  S-4,  including a proxy statement/prospectus/information statement, that we file with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction.  
 Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination  
 We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.  
 We were formed on July 28, 2020 under the laws of the Cayman Islands and have no operating results. Because we lack an operating history,
you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to
complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.    Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to
vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination.  
 We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be
required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or
will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would
otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete.  
 Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to
redeem your shares from us for cash.    At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to
evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. If our board of directors determines to complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a
potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our
initial business combination.  
      25  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our
management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.  
 Our sponsor owns, on an  as-converted  basis, 20% of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately
following the completion of our initial public offering. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a
shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders’ founder shares, we would need 12,000,001, or 37.5% (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 2,000,001,
or 6.25% (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 32,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business
combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the
likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination.    You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.  
 Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an
initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly
tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to
have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding
sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to
the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.  
 The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination
targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.    We may seek to enter into a
business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be
able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
$5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or such greater
amount  
      26  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business
combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.  
 The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most
desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.    At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business
combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large
number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may
involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital
structure.    The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.  
 If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the
pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your
shares in the open market.    The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our
dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.  
 Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an
initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial
business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have
limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.  
 Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the recent coronavirus  (COVID-19)  outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.  
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread
throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease  (COVID-19)  a “Public
Health Emergency of International Concern.” On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services  
      27  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to  COVID-19,  and on
March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a “pandemic.” The  COVID-19  outbreak has and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in a
widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to  COVID-19  continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the
target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which  COVID-19  impacts our search for a business
combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of  COVID-19  and the actions to contain  COVID-19  or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by  COVID-19  or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to
consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.  
 In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by  COVID-19  and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.  
 We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering, in which case
we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.    We may not
be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by
general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of  COVID-19  continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the
extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party
financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of  COVID-19  may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business
combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a  per-share  price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only $10.00 per public share, or less than $10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants
will expire worthless. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the  per-share  redemption amount received by shareholders may be
less than $10.00 per public share” and other risk factors herein.  
      28  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive
officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.
   If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our
initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior
to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or
conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions.  
 In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated
transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to
(1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters
submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the
closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are
subject to such reporting requirements. See “Item 1. Business — Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities” for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers,
advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction.    If a shareholder fails to
receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.  
 We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the
proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly
redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.    As the
number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could
even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.    In recent years, the number of
special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for  
      29  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more
effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as
economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise
complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.  
 Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our
initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.    We expect to encounter intense competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of
businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various
industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors.
While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain
target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer
holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the
required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See “— If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the  per-share  redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per public share” and other risk
factors herein.    If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust
account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months following the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination.  
 As of December 31, 2020, we had $865,903 in cash held outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that,
upon the closing of our initial public offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members  
 of our management team, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for 24 months following the closing of our initial public offering; however, we cannot
assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates  
      30  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a  “no-shop”  provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such
target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business
and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.  
 If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team
or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held
outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at
the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members
of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination
within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per public
share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See “— If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the  per-share  redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per public share” and other risk factors herein.  
 We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or
prevent us from achieving our desired results.    We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies
that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as
successful as we anticipate.    To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a
complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our
desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no
ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.  
 Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their
shares.    If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an
unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or
all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors  
      31  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public
shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted
any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of $18,292.68 and to imprisonment for
five years in the Cayman Islands.    We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business
combination.    In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until
one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting
of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each
year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term.    We may seek
acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management’s area of expertise.    We
will consider a business combination outside of our management’s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although
our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an
investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our securities than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an
acquisition outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our
management’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any
holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.  
 Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to
consummate an initial business combination.    The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which
such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial
business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an
 as-converted  basis, 20% of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A
ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any
private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a
rate  
      32  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
of less than  one-to-one.  This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the
initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20% of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination.  
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial
business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.    Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become
subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed
their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated
agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for
redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all
Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.  
 A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.  
 Unlike most blank check companies, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board
of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business
combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the
$18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.  
 In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us
to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support.    In order to effectuate a business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination,
increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended  
      33  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require at least a
special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least  two-thirds  of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the
company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65% of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with
respect to the private placement warrants, 65% of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our
Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of
any of the securities offered through our initial public offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.  
 Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a
manner that you do not support.    Upon closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor owns, on an  as-converted  basis, 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support,
including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any of our securities in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor
nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include
consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of
three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current
directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be
considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior to our
initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial
business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.    After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our
directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.  
 It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our
directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.  
 In particular, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdictions would recognize and
enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or  
      34  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States or entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands
or any other applicable jurisdiction’s courts against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States.  
 You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.  
 Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an
initial business combination with a target business, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the completion of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form  8-K,  including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules
promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that since our units were
immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited
the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.  
 Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or
other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.  
 Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify
all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later
arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or  write-off  assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even
if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be  non-cash  items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of
this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming  pre-existing  debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination
debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.  
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the
 per-share  redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per public share.  
 Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust
account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a
claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement  
      35  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.  
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to
execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption
right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, due to the
claims of such creditors, the  per-share  redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed
entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
the trust account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims.    However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those
obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.    Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders.  
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn
to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that
our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the
amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per public share.  
      36  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive
officers.    We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and
directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds
from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.  
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the  per-share  amount that would otherwise be received by
our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.    If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to
our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our
bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the  per-share  amount that would
otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.    If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be
viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.  
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent
conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in
bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.  
 Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination.
   Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of
directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination.  
      37  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector, you
will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations.    We may pursue business
combination opportunities in any sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable
business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will
ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.    Although we have
identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result,
the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines.  
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business
with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be
as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater
number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if
shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only
approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.  
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an
independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.  
 Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on
the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination.  
      38  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial
business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than  one-to-one  at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.    Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 450,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference
shares, par value $0.0001 per share. There are 418,000,000 and 42,000,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares
reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares (which such
Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial
business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding.  
 We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio
greater than  one-to-one  at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds
from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution
provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than  one-to-one  basis upon conversion of the
Class B ordinary shares;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights
senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may
affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting
rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants;
and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.  
      39  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially
adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per
public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.    We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial
costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an
agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which
could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only
approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.  
 Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.    Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control
over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to
complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.    We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.  
 When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the
skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination
business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value.    We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may
adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us.  
 Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding
debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur substantial  
      40  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the  per-share  amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the
incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are
insufficient to repay our debt obligations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to
obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the
funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in
which we operate;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse
changes in government regulation; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt
service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.  
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.  
 The net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with up to $320,000,000 that we
may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the $11,200,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated  non-reimbursed  expenses of
our initial public offering).    We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target
businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting
issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects
for our success may be:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or  
      41  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or
services.    This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or
all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.  
 We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial
business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.    If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business
combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.    We may
attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.  
 In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little
public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.    Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial
statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.  
 The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance
tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statements disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the
tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in
accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.    If we have not consummated an
initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before redemption from our trust account.  
 If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the proceeds
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds  
      42  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of
our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding
up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the
applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they
receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business
combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation
will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.    If we are deemed to be an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.  
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   restrictions on the nature of our investments; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   restrictions on the issuance of securities,  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.  
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   registration as an investment company with the SEC;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are
currently not subject to.    In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act,
unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading
“investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to
operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.  
 We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust
account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under  Rule 2a-7  promulgated under the Investment Company Act which  
      43  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of
the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to
avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. An investment in our securities is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment
securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, our
return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were
deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have
not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
warrants will expire worthless.    The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of
holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of
at least  two-thirds  of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for
us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.  
 Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to the rights of a company’s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company’s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90% and 100% of
the company’s public shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be
amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least  two-thirds  of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust
agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65% of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing
the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than  two-thirds  of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at
our shareholder meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an  as-converted  basis, 20% of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust
agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our
 pre-business   
      44  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may
pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.    Our sponsor, executive
officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to
redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a  per-share  price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a
shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.    We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business
combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.  
 Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to
allow us to complete our initial business combination, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be
insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed
business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment has made it especially difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that
additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination.  
      45  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Risks Relating to our Securities  
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a
“group” of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares.  
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which
we refer to as the “Excess Shares,” without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions.
Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of
such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.    The Nasdaq may delist our securities from
trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.  
 Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to our initial public
offering we expect to continue to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, our securities may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq in the future or prior to
our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum
market capitalization (generally $50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders).  
 Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial
business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on the Nasdaq. For instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation of our business combination, at such time our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share. We may not be able to meet those listing
requirements at that time.    If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our
securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an  over-the-counter  market. If this were to occur, we could face
significant material adverse consequences, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reduced liquidity for our securities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a “penny stock” which will require brokers
trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.
 
      46  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute,
prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq, our units,
Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there
is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict
the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of
securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer
our securities.    Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the
price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.    Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors,
the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have
been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the election of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices
for our securities.    The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.    Pursuant to a
registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The
registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these
securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the
registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash
consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale.  
 Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
business combination.    We issued warrants to purchase 10,666,667 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units
offered in our initial public offering and, in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and a private placement simultaneously with the underwriters’ partial exercise of their over-allotment option, we
issued an aggregate of 5,600,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team
makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to $1,500,000 of such loans into up to an  
      47  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of $1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants.  
 To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a
substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of
acquiring the target business.    We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities
Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially
causing such warrants to expire worthless.    We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial
business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective
within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are
redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus relating to our initial public
offering, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act
in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on
a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any
shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available.
Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the
event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not
available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary
shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify
the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the
holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit
purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a
corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include
 
      48  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to
exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale
under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.  
 The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information
regarding such other security at this time.    In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial
business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a
security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the
warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination.    We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be
adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the
number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.  
 Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant
agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this Report, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance
with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to
not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the
registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65% of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect
to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 65% of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to
amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants,
convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.  
 Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the
sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.  
 Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably
submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the  
      49  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall
be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a “foreign action”) in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “enforcement action”), and (y) having service of process made
upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder’s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.  
 This  choice-of-forum  provision may limit a warrant
holder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or
unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.    We may
redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.  
 We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a
price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for
any 20 trading days within a 30  trading-day  period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the
holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so,
(ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect
would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.    In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a
 30 trading-day  period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their
warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less
than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of
ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.  
      50  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us (with certain exceptions) so
long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.    Because each unit contains  one-third  of
one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.  
 Each unit contains  one-third  of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no
fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down
to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole
share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for  one-third  of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses.
Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share.    Risks
Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team    We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our
ability to operate.    Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive
officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due
diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or  key-man  insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.  
 The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.  
 Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our
key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.  
 Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is
likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these
individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such
requirements.  
      51  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in
connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.  
 Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive
compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel’s retention or resignation a condition
to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor,
upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights
agreement.    The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a
business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.  
 The role of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this
time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of
an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.    Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses
thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.  
 Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of
our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our
independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their
current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.  
 Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities,
including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.  
 Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more
businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to
present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in  
      52  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another
entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.    In addition, our sponsor, officers
and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers’ and directors’
fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is
expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis.  
 Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests.    We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates
from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target
business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of
the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.    The personal and
financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in
identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders’ best interest. If
this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders’ rights. However, we might not
ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.    We may engage in a business combination with one or more target
businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.  
 In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more
businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other
blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of
any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities.
Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses  
      53  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not
be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.    Our management may not be able to maintain control
of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.  
 We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such
criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could
own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share
of the company’s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.  
 Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other
than with respect to public shares they may have acquired during or may acquire after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial
business combination.    On July 30, 2020, our sponsor paid $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain
expenses on our behalf in consideration of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. In
September 2020, our sponsor transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. Because the underwriters of our initial public offering did not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase additional units
in full, in October 2020, our sponsor forfeited 625,000 Class B ordinary shares. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder
shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,600,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment, at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($8,400,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and a private placement that closed simultaneously with
the underwriters’ partial exercise of their over-allotment option. If we do not consummate an initial business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The
personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the
business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the  24-month  anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation
of an initial business combination.  
      54  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries  
 If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional
burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our
operations.    If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business
combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign
jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  
 If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with
companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   tariffs and trade barriers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   regulations related to customs and import/export matters;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   local or regional economic policies and market conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   longer payment cycles;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   currency fluctuations and exchange controls;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   rates of inflation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   challenges in collecting accounts receivable;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   cultural and language differences;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   employment regulations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   corruption;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   protection of intellectual property;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   regime changes and political upheaval;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   deterioration of political relations with the United States.  
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial
business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
      55  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States
securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.  
 Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the
management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities
laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.  
 After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be
derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in
the country in which we operate.    The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in
which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country’s
economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an
attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.  
 Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.
   In the event we acquire a  non-U.S.  target, all revenues and income would likely be
received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are
affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our
initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as
measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.    We may reincorporate in another
jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.  
 In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation
and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.  
 We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our
costs and the risk of  non-compliance.     We are subject to rules and regulations by various
governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded,  
      56  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in,
increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target.  
 Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over
time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and
comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.    General Risk Factors  
 Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.  
 Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and
their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the
historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward.  
 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.  
 We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third
parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our
assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient
resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to
financial loss.    Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.    We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a
failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.
   We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain
exemptions from disclosure requirements available to “emerging growth companies” or “smaller reporting companies,” this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our
performance with other public companies.    We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act,
as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to  
      57  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years,
although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates  exceeds $700 million as of any June 30
before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some
investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the
trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.    Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies
from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to  non-emerging  growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used.    Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of  Regulation S-K.  Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will
remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates  equals or exceeds $250 million as of the prior
June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by  non-affiliates  equals or exceeds
$700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.  
 Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect
your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.    We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.  
 Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the
Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the
directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in
part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The
 
      58  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some
jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of
corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States.  
 We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose
liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there
is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the
merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in
the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds
of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman
Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.    As a result of all of the above,
public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.
   Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the Nasdaq,
the Nasdaq may consider us to be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.  
 After completion of our initial public offering, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors.
As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is
held by an individual, group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we have a board that includes a majority of “independent directors,” as defined under the rules of the
Nasdaq;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written
charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent
directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities.    We do not intend to
utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable  phase-in  rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of
these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.  
      59  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We may be a passive foreign investment company, or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse
U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.    If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is
included in the holding period of beneficial owner of our units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants who or that is (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
(ii) a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate whose income is subject
to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust, if (a) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the
Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person (a “U.S. Holder”), such U.S. holder may be subject to certain
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC
 start-up  exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the  start-up  exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance
that we will qualify for the  start-up  exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status
for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as
the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a “qualified electing fund” election, but there can be no assurance that we
will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules.  
 We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on
shareholders.    We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the
Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the
shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant
holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.      
 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 2. 
   PROPERTIES  
 Our executive offices are located at One Market Street, Steuart Tower, 23rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105 and our telephone number is
(415)  293-5000.  The cost for our use of this space is included in the $10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services. We consider our
current office space adequate for our current operations.      
 
 
 ITEM 3. 
   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
 To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in
their capacity as such or against any of our property.      
 
 
 ITEM 4. 
   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
 Not applicable.  
      60  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART II  
   
 
 
 ITEM 5. 
   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES      
 
 
 (a) 
   Market Information  
 Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol “VACQU”, “VACQ” and
“VACQW” respectively. Our units commenced public trading on September 25, 2020. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on November 16, 2020.  
   
 
 
 (b) 
   Holders  
 On December 31, 2020, there were one holder of record for our units, one holder of record for our Class A ordinary shares, one holder
of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants.      
 
 
 (c) 
   Dividends  
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate
declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.  
   
 
 
 (d) 
   Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans  
 None.      
 
 
 (e) 
   Performance Graph  
 Not applicable.      
 
 
 (f) 
   Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings
   Unregistered Sales  
 On July 30, 2020, the sponsor paid $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of
8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001. In September 2020, our sponsor transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. On October 20, 2020, 625,000 founder shares were automatically
surrendered to the issuer for no consideration, triggered by the underwriters’ election to partially exercise their option to purchase additional units, resulting in our sponsor holding 8,500,000 Class B ordinary shares and each of our
independent directors holding 25,000 Class B ordinary shares. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The total number
of Class B ordinary shares outstanding after our initial public offering and the expiration of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units will equal 20% of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B
ordinary shares outstanding at such time. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier at
the option of the holder thereof, on a  one-for-one  basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering.  
      61  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D.
Each of the equity holders in our sponsor is an accredited investor under Rule 501 of Regulation D. The sole business of our sponsor is to act as the company’s sponsor in connection with our initial public offering.  
 On September 29, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering of 30,000,000 units. On October 20, 2020, in connection with
underwriters’ election to partially exercise their option to purchase additional units, we sold an additional 2,000,000 units, at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of $320,000,000. Deutshe Bank Securities Inc. and BofA
Securities, Inc. acted as the joint book-running managers. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value per share, and  one-third  of one redeemable warrant (the “Public
Warrants”), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of
$250,000,000.    Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering, and the exercise of the over-allotment option in part
and the sale of the private placement warrants, we consummated a private placement of 5,600,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor at a price of $1.50 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of $8,400,000. Such securities
were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.    The private
placement warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the units sold in the initial public offering, except that the private placement warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a business
combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.    No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.  
 Use of Proceeds    Of the gross proceeds
received from our initial public offering including the partial exercise of the option to purchase additional units, and the sale of the private placement warrants, $320,000,000 was placed in the trust account.  
 We paid a total of $6,400,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and $652,382 for other offering costs related to the initial public
offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer $11,200,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions.    There has been no material
change in the planned use of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants as is described in the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering.  
   
 
 
 (g) 
   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 6. 
   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
 Not applicable.  
      62  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 7. 
   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
   The following discussion and analysis of the company’s financial condition and results of operations should be
read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Report o. Certain information contained in the discussion and
analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under “Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Report.    Overview  
 We are a blank check company incorporated on July 28, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt.    We expect to
continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination will be successful.  
 Recent Developments    On March 1,
2021, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Rocket Lab, and Prestige USA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Lab. The Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were
unanimously approved by the boards of directors of each of the Company and Rocket Lab.    In contemplation of the Business Combination, we
will domesticate as a Delaware corporation (the “Domestication” and the company following the Domestication, “Delaware Vector”) and, in connection therewith, (a) the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B
ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into an equal number of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Vector Delaware (the “Delaware Vector Common Stock”); (b) our
warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into an equal number of warrants to purchase Delaware Vector Common Stock (the “Delaware Vector Warrants”) and
(c) our units that have not been separated into Class A ordinary shares and warrants issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into an equal number of units of Delaware Vector (the “Delaware
Vector Units”).    Immediately following the Domestication, Merger Sub will merge with and into Delaware Vector, with Delaware Vector
surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Lab (the “First Merger”), and in connection therewith, (a) the shares of Delaware Vector Common Stock (other than any treasury shares, shares held by Delaware Vector or any
dissenting shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger (the “First Effective Time”) will convert into an equal number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock; (b) the Delaware Vector
Warrants that are outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the First Effective Time will convert into an equal number of warrants to purchase Rocket Lab Common Stock (the “Assumed Warrants”) and (c) the Delaware Vector Units
that are outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time will convert into an equal number of units of Rocket Lab (the “Assumed Units”); and immediately following the First Effective Time, Rocket Lab will merge with and into
Delaware Vector, with Delaware Vector surviving the merger (Delaware Vector as the surviving corporation, “PublicCo” and such merger, the “Second Merger” and, together with the First Merger, the “Mergers”). If the
closing price of PublicCo Common Stock is equal to or greater than $20.00 for a period of at least 20 days out of 30 consecutive  
      63  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
trading days during the period commencing on the 90th day following the closing of the Business Combination (the “Closing”) and ending on the 180th day following the Closing, the Rocket
Lab stockholders will be entitled to receive additional shares of PublicCo Common Stock equal to 8% of the Aggregate Share Consideration.  
 For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the “Exchange Ratio” equals the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the Aggregate Share
Consideration by (ii) the aggregate number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Charter Amendment on a fully diluted basis (other than the Management Redemption Shares). The “Aggregate Share
Consideration” means the quotient obtained by dividing (i) an amount equal to $4,000,000,000 minus the Management Redemption Amount by (ii) (x) an amount equal to $10.00 plus (y) an amount equal to (a) the interest earned on
funds held in Vector’s trust account divided by (b) the number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding immediately prior to the Closing.  
 The Domestication, the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the “Business
Combination”. The Business Combination is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions.  
 Concurrently with the execution of the Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements (the “Subscription Agreements”) with
certain investors (the “PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the company agreed to issue and sell to such PIPE Investors, immediately prior to Closing, an aggregate of 46,700,000
shares of PublicCo Common Stock for a purchase price of $10.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $467,000,000 (the “PIPE Financing”).  
 The closing of the PIPE Financing is contingent upon, among other things, the substantially concurrent consummation of the Business
Combination. The Subscription Agreements provide that the company will grant the investors in the PIPE Financing certain customary registration rights.  
 Results of Operations    We have neither
engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to December 31, 2020 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below, and, after the
initial public offering, identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate
 non-operating  income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and
auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a business combination.    For the period from
July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, we had a net loss of $352,617, which consisted of formation and operating expenses of $357,463 offset by interest earned on investment held in the trust account of $4,846.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources    On
September 29, 2020, we consummated the initial public offering of 30,000,000 units, at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $300,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the I initial public offering, we consummated the
sale of 5,333,333 private placement warrants to our sponsor at a price of $1.50 per private placement warrant generating gross proceeds of $8,000,000.  
 On October 20, 2020, in connection with the underwriters’ election to partially exercise of their over-allotment option, we
consummated the sale of an additional 2,000,000 units and the sale of an additional 266,667 private placement warrants, generating total gross proceeds of $20,400,000.  
      64  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Following our initial public offering, the partial exercise of their over-allotment option
and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of $320,000,000 was placed in the trust account. We incurred $18,252,382 in transaction costs, including $6,400,000 of underwriting fees, $11,200,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $652,382
of other offering costs.    For the period from July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, net cash used in operating
activities was $506,715, which consisted of our net loss of $352,617 affected by interest earned on investment held in the trust account of $4,846 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which used $149,252 of cash from operating
activities.    As of December 31, 2020, we had investments held in the trust account of $320,004,846. We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account, which interest shall be net of taxes payable and excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our business combination.
We may withdraw interest from the trust account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account
will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.  
 At December 31, 2020, we had cash of $865,903 held outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust
account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or
owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination.  
 In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account
released to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such
repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.  
 We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if
our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking  in-depth  due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have
insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant
number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination.  
 Off-Balance  Sheet Financing Arrangements  
 We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered  off-balance  sheet arrangements
as of December 31, 2020. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating  off-balance  sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any  off-balance  sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities,
guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any  non-financial  assets.  
      65  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Contractual Obligations  
 We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to
pay our sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, administrative and support services, provided to the company. We began incurring these fees on September 24, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the
completion of a business combination or the company’s liquidation.    The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per
Unit, or $11,200,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement.    Critical Accounting Policies  
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses
during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies:  
 Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption  
 We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of our balance sheet.  
 Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share    We
apply the  two-class  method in calculating earnings per share. Net income per ordinary share, basic and diluted for Class A redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the interest income earned
on the trust account by the weighted average number of Class A redeemable ordinary shares outstanding since original issuance. Net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted for Class B
 non-redeemable  ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net income (loss), less income attributable to Class A redeemable ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of Class B  non-redeemable  ordinary shares outstanding for the periods presented.    Recent Accounting Standards  
 Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a
material effect on our financial statements.      
 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
 As of December 31, 2020, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our initial public
offering, the net proceeds of our initial public offering, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in
U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.  
      66  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 ITEM 8. 
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  
 This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference.  
   
 
 
 ITEM 9. 
   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
   None.      
 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the
participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our “Certifying Officers”), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020, pursuant to Rule  13a-15(b)  under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
 We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide
absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.    Management’s Report on Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting    This Report does not include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control
over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies.  
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules
 13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.  
      67  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART III  
   
 
 
 ITEM 10. 
   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
 Directors and Executive Officers    As of
the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows:      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Age 
    
   Position 


 
   Alex Slusky 
    
 53 
    
   Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
   David Fishman 
    
 50 
    
   President 
 
   David Baylor 
    
 61 
    
   Chief Financial Officer 
 
   John Herr 
    
 54 
    
   Director 
 
   David Kennedy 
    
 50 
    
   Director 
   Alex Slusky , our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, founded Vector Capital in 1997 and has more than
25 years of investing and operating experience in technology companies. Mr. Slusky is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Vector II, Vector III and Vector IV. He has deep technical experience in both private and public
technology companies and has successfully invested across multiple market cycles including the 1998-2000 Internet bubble and the 2008-2009 financial crisis. Prior to founding Vector Capital, Mr. Slusky led the technology equity practice at Ziff
Brothers Investments, managing a portfolio of public and private technology investments which later became Vector Capital I. Prior to Ziff, Mr. Slusky spent three years at New Enterprise Associates (NEA), where he focused on venture
investments in software, communications, and digital media. Mr. Slusky began his career at Microsoft and McKinsey & Company.  
 We believe Mr. Slusky’s significant investment and business management experience and deep technical experience in technology
companies make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.    David Fishman , our President, joined Vector
Capital in 2006 and has more than 20 years of investing and transactional experience in technology companies. Mr. Fishman is also the President of Vector I, Vector II and Vector III. Prior to joining Vector, Mr. Fishman spent
ten years at Goldman, Sachs & Co. where he was a Managing Director in the Mergers and Acquisitions division and focused on technology and media transactions. Mr. Fishman has extensive transaction expertise, having consummated
approximately 30 mergers and acquisitions during his tenure at Goldman, worth an aggregate value of $110 billion, including transactions involving Microsoft, eBay, Adobe, IBM, Oracle, and PeopleSoft.  
 David Baylor , our Chief Financial Officer, joined Vector Capital in 2008 and has more than 30 years of operating experience,
including as a senior executive at a publicly traded company. Mr. Baylor is also the Chief Financial Officer of Vector I, Vector II and Vector III. Prior to joining Vector, Mr. Baylor was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial
Officer at Thomas Weisel Partners where he was a member of the Executive Committee. Prior to Thomas Weisel Partners, Mr. Baylor was a Managing Director with Montgomery Securities, a securities attorney with Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady,
Falk & Rabkin, and a certified public accountant with Deloitte & Touche.    John Herr , our director, is a seasoned
technology executive with more than 25 years of experience in the cloud, consumer internet,  e-commerce,  new media, and financial services sectors, and has an exceptional track record of scaling technology
businesses into large enterprises. Mr. Herr currently serves as a professional director and previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Avetta from March 2015 to October 2019 and under his leadership, the company experienced
significant revenue growth and transformed from break-even to highly profitable. Prior to Avetta, Mr. Herr served as CEO of Adaptive Insights, where he was responsible for meaningful revenue growth during his four-year tenure. Adaptive was
ultimately sold to Workday for over $1.5 billion. Mr. Herr has also held executive roles at EZ Shield, eBay, PayPal, and Buy.com. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Planful, a Vector Capital portfolio company, and
WineAccess.com, as well as Vector II.  
      68  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We believe Mr. Herr’s extensive experience in investment and business management
qualify him to serve on our board of directors.    David Kennedy , our director, is the
 co-founder  and a Partner at Serent Capital, a San Francisco-based lower-middle market private equity firm focused on service and technology businesses. During his
 12-year  tenure at Serent Capital, Mr. Kennedy has built a successful track record investing in high growth technology companies. Prior to  co-founding  Serent Capital
in 2008, Mr. Kennedy was President and Chairman of ServiceSource (NASDAQ: SREV), a Business Process Outsourcing software company that served many of the world’s leading technology companies. Under Mr. Kennedy’s leadership,
ServiceSource grew revenues, profits, and employees and oversaw strong shareholder returns. Mr. Kennedy is also a director of Vector II. Previously, David was a consultant at McKinsey & Company in London, Dublin, and San Francisco, and
an Operations Manager at HJ Heinz in Central & Eastern Europe.    We believe Mr. Kennedy’s extensive experience in
private equity and business management qualify him to serve on our board of directors.    Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors  
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Kennedy, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors,
consisting of Mr. Herr, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Slusky, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders.  
 Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.  
 Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our
sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and
shareholder rights agreement.    Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors,
rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be
determined by the board of directors.    Director Independence  
 Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that
Mr. Herr and Mr. Kennedy are “independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.  
      69  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Committees of the Board of Directors  
 Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Each committee
operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is included as an exhibit to this Report.  
 Audit Committee    Mr. Herr,
Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Slusky serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Herr and Mr. Kennedy are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules.
Mr. Slusky does not meet the independent director standard under  Rule 10A-3(b)(1)  of the Exchange Act. Mr. Herr serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Because we listed our securities on the Nasdaq in connection with our initial public offering, our audit committee must
have one independent member at the time of listing, a majority of independent members within 90 days of listing, and consist of all independent members within one year of listing. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and
our board of directors has determined that Mr. Herr qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules.  
 The audit committee is responsible for:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and
adequacy of our accounting and control systems;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit
and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;  pre-approving  all audit services and permitted  non-audit  services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the
services to be performed;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
(including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any
noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public offering; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their
respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.  
 Nominating Committee    The members
of our nominating committee are Mr. Herr, Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Slusky, and Mr. Kennedy serve as chairman of the nominating committee. Under our charter, we are required to have a nominating
 
      70  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
committee composed of at least three members, all of whom must be independent. Because we listed our securities on the Nasdaq in connection with our initial public offering, our nominating
committee must have one independent member at the time of listing, a majority of independent members within 90 days of listing, and consist of all independent members within one year of listing. Our board of directors has determined that each of
Mr. Herr and Mr. Kennedy are independent.    The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be
nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others.  
 Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees  
 The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in a charter adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the
board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving
the interests of the shareholders.    The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to
management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.    Compensation Committee  
 The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Herr and Mr. Kennedy, and Mr. Kennedy serves as chairman of the compensation
committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Herr and Mr. Kennedy are independent. We
adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our President’s,
Chief Financial Officer’s and Chief Operating Officer’s, evaluating our President’s, Chief Financial Officer’s and Chief Operating Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the
remuneration (if any) of our President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer based on such evaluation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements
for our executive officers and employees;  
      71  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.
   The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a
compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant,
external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC.  
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  
 None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity
that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.    Code of Ethics  
 We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form  8-K.   
 Conflicts of Interest    Under Cayman
Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as
a whole;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their
personal interests; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   duty to exercise independent judgment.  
 In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to
act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general
knowledge skill and experience of that director.    As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict
and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders
provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at shareholder meetings.  
 Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to
other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of  
      72  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such
opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an
opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis.    Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers
and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships:      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 
 
   Individual 
    
   Entity 
    
   Entity’s Business 
    
   Affiliation 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alex Slusky 
    
 Vector Capital and affiliates 
    
 Private Equity 
    
 Founder 
 
 
    
 Vector SPACs 
    
 Special Purpose Acquisition Companies 
    
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
    
 Cambium Networks 
    
 Wireless Broadband Solutions 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Cheetah Digital 
    
 Customer Engagement Software 
    
 Director 
 
 
    
 WatchGuard Technologies 
    
 Network Security Solutions 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 David Fishman 
    
 Vector Capital and affiliates 
    
 Private Equity 
    
 Officer 
 
 
    
 Vector SPACs 
    
 Special Purpose Acquisition Companies 
    
 President 
 
 
    
 ChyronHego 
    
 Broadcast Graphics 
    
 Director 
 
 
    
 Planful 
    
 Financial Planning & Analysis Software 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 David Baylor 
    
 Vector Capital and affiliates 
    
 Private Equity 
    
 Officer 
 
 
    
 Vector SPACs 
    
 Special Purpose Acquisition Companies 
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 John Herr 
    
 Planful 
    
 Financial Planning and Analysis Software 
    
 Director 
 
 
    
 Wineaccess.com 
    
 Ecommerce 
    
 Director 
 
 
    
 Vector II 
    
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 David Kennedy 
    
 Serent Capital 
    
 Private Equity 
    
 Partner 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 1Life Healthcare, dba One Medical (NASDAQ: ONEM) 
    
 Healthcare Services 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Axiom Medical 
    
 Healthcare Services 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 C2 Educational Systems 
    
 Education Services 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Digarc 
    
 Education Software 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Professional Health Network 
    
 Healthcare Services 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Safety Services 
    
 Safety and Compliance Services 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Senior Dental Care 
    
 Healthcare Services 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Talent Wave 
    
 Workforce Engagement Software 
    
 Director 
 
 
    
 United Allergy Services 
    
 Healthcare Services 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 USA Test Prep 
    
 Education Software 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Vector II 
    
 Special Purpose Acquisition Company 
    
 Director 
 
      73  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of
interest:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs,
which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per
week to our affairs.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed
simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our
directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days
within any  30-trading  day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until
30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors owns ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a
particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may
sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target,
particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.    We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.  
      74  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or
their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, since the
consummation of our initial public offering, we reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of $10,000 per month.  
 We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.  
 If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in
person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public
shares in favor of our initial business combination.    Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors  
 Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences
of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as
such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We will enter into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in
some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.    Our officers and directors have agreed
to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services
provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided
will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination.  
 Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders.
Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.  
 We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors.      
 
 
 ITEM 11. 
   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
 Officer and Director Compensation    The
following disclosure concerns the compensation of our executive officers and directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (i.e.,  pre-business  combination).  
      75  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services
rendered to us. Since the consummation of our initial public offering and until the earlier of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative
services provided to us in the amount of $10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any
 out-of-pocket  expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using
funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for
their  out-of-pocket  expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination.
Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, is paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of
our initial business combination.    After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team
who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to
our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such
compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our
executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of
directors.    We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the
consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The
existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our
management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.      
 
 
 ITEM 12. 
   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
   The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of
December 31, 2020 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   all our executive officers and directors as a group.  
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 32,000,000 Class A ordinary shares (which includes certain Class A ordinary
shares that are underlying the units) and 8,000,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding  
      76  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
as of December 31, 2020. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not
exercisable within 60 days of this Report.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
    
 Class A ordinary shares 
   
   
 Class B ordinary shares 
   
   
 Ordinary shares 
   
 
    
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
   
    
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
   
   
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
   
    
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
   
   
 Approximate Percentage of Voting Control 
   


 
   Alex Slusky (2) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   David Baylor 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   David Fishman 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   John Herr 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 25,000 
   
    
   
 * 
   
   
   
 * 
   
 
   David Kennedy 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 25,000 
   
    
   
 * 
   
   
   
 * 
   
 
   All officers and directors as a group (five individuals) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 50,000 
   
    
   
 * 
   
   
   
 * 
   
 
   Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. (our
sponsor) (2) 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 7,950,000 
   
    
   
 99.4 
 %  
   
   
 19.9 
 %  
 
   Glazer Capital, LLC (3) 
    
   
 2,710,619 
   
    
   
 8.5 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6.8 
 %  
 
   Linden Advisors LP (4) 
    
   
 1,980,325 
   
    
   
 6.2 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5.0 
 %  
 
   Integrated Core Strategies (US)
LLC (5) 
    
   
 2,584,094 
   
    
   
 8.1 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 6.5 
 %  
 
   BlueCrest Capital Management
Limited (6) 
    
   
 2,000,000 
   
    
   
 6.3 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 5.0 
 %  
     
 
 
 * 
   Less than one percent.  
 
 
 (1) 
   Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is One Market Street, Steuart Tower,
23rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Includes Class B ordinary shares held directly by our sponsor. Our sponsor is controlled by Vector Capital
Partners V, Ltd. (the “General Partner”), its general partner. Accordingly, all of the shares held by our sponsor may be deemed to be beneficially held by the General Partner. The General Partner disclaims such beneficial ownership except
to the extent of its pecuniary interests therein.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, and Mr. Paul J. Glazer, a United States citizen, based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly by Glazer Capital, LLC and Mr. Paul J. Glazer, with the SEC on February 16, 2021. The business address of each of
Glazer Capital, LLC and Mr. Paul J. Glazer is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Linden Capital L.P., a Bermuda limited partnership
(“Linden Capital”), Linden Advisors LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“Linden Advisors”), Linden GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Linden GP”), and Mr. Siu Min (Joe) Wong, a China (Hong Kong) and
United States citizen (“Mr. Wong”), based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by Linden Capital, Linden Advisors, Linden GP, and Mr. Wong on February 4, 2021. As of December 31, 2020, each of Linden Advisors and
Mr. Wong may be deemed the beneficial owner of 1,980,325 Class A ordinary shares. This amount consists of 1,771,354 Class A ordinary shares held by Linden Capital and 208,971 Class A ordinary shares held by separately managed
accounts. As of December 31, 2020, each of Linden GP and Linden Capital may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 1,771,354 Class A ordinary shares held by Linden Capital. The business address of Linden Capital is Victoria Place, 31
Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda. The business address of each of Linden Advisors, Linden GP and Mr. Wong is 590 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10022.  
 
 
 (5) 
   Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (“Integrated Core Strategies”), Riverview Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Riverview Group”), ICS Opportunities, Ltd., an exempted company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands
(“ICS Opportunities”), Millennium International Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“Millennium International Management”), Millennium Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Millennium
Management”), Millennium Group Management LLC, a Delaware limited  
      77  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 
liability company (“Millennium Group Management”), and Israel A. Englander, a United States citizen (“Mr. Englander”), based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by
Integrated Core Strategies, Riverview Group, ICS Opportunities, Millennium International Management, Millennium Management, Millennium Group Management, and Mr. Englander, with the SEC on January 29, 2021. Integrated Core Strategies,
Riverview Group, and ICS Opportunities beneficially own an aggregate of 2,584,094 Class A ordinary shares as a result of holding 1,604,091 Class A ordinary shares and 980,003 units. Millennium International Management, the investment
manager to ICS Opportunities, Millennium Management, the general partner of the managing member of Integrated Core Strategies and Riverview Group and the general partner of the 100% owner of ICS Opportunities, Millennium Group Management, the
managing member of Millennium Management and the general partner of Millennium International Management, and Mr. Englander, the sole voting trustee of a trust which is the managing member of Millennium Group Management, may be deemed to
beneficially own 2,584,094 Class A ordinary shares. The foregoing should not be construed in and of itself as an admission by Millennium International Management, Millennium Management, Millennium Group Management or Mr. Englander as
to beneficial ownership of the securities owned by Integrated Core Strategies, Riverview Group or ICS Opportunities, as the case may be. The business address of each of Integrated Core Strategies, Riverview Group, and Mr. Englander is c/o
Millennium Management LLC, 666 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10103. The business address of ICS Opportunities is c/o Millennium International Management LP, 666 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10103. The business address of each of Millennium
International Management, Millennium Management, and Millennium Group Management is 666 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10103.  
 
 
 (6) 
   Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by BlueCrest Capital Management Limited (the
“Investment Manager”), which serves as investment manager to Millais Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the “Fund”), and Michael Platt (“Mr. Platt”), who serves as principal, director, and control person
of the Investment Manager, a United Kingdom citizen, based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed jointly by Investment Manager, and Mr. Platt on October 2, 2020. The business address of each of Investment Manager and Mr. Platt is Ground
Floor, Harbour Reach, La Rue de Carteret, St Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE2 4HR.    Our sponsor, officers and
directors are deemed to be our “promoter” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.    Changes in Control  
 None.      
 
 
 ITEM 13. 
   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
 On July 30, 2020, our sponsor paid $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of
8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001. In September 2020, our sponsor transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the
expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. On October 20, 2020, 625,000 founder shares were forfeited by our sponsor, due to the partial exercise
of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.  
 In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,600,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A
ordinary share at $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of $1.50 per warrant ($8,400,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and a private placement that
closed simultaneously with the underwriters’ partial exercise of their over-allotment option. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share  
      78  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
at $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited
exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.  
 If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.    We currently maintain our executive offices
at One Market Street, Steuart Tower, 23rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105. The cost for our use of this space is included in the $10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support service. We
consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.    In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an
intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay
such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a
portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post
business combination entity at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no
written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.  
 No compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, is paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any
 out-of-pocket  expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of  out-of-pocket  expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.  
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid
consulting or management fees from the combined company. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.  
 We entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor will be entitled to certain registration rights
with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon
consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.  
      79  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions  
 The audit committee of our board of directors operates pursuant to a charter that provides for the review, approval and/or ratification of
“related party transactions,” which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of  Regulation S-K  as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its
meetings, the audit committee is provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business
purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from
voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee’s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the
related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction.    Director Independence  
 Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship with the company which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, could interfere with the
director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Herr and Mr. Kennedy are “independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.      
 
 
 ITEM 14. 
   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  
 The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees
paid to Withum for services rendered.    Audit Fees . During the period from July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately $71,070 for the services Withum performed in connection with our initial public offering, review of the financial information included in our Forms  10-Q  for the respective periods and other required filings and the audit of our December 31, 2020 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form  10-K.   
 Audit-Related Fees.  During the period from July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, our independent registered
public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements.  
 Tax Fees . During the period from July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, our independent registered public
accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.    All Other Fees . During the period
from July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above.  
 Pre-Approval  Policy  
 Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not  pre-approve  all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will  pre-approve  all auditing services and permitted  non-audit  services to be performed for us by our auditors,
including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for  non-audit  services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit).
 
      80  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART IV  
   
 
 
 ITEM 15. 
   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES  
   
 
 
   
 (a) 
   The following documents are filed as part of this Report:  
   
 
 
   
 (1) 
   Financial Statements:  
 See “Index to Financial Statements” at “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this Report.  
   
 
 
   
 (2) 
   Financial Statement Schedules:  
 None.      
 
 
   
 (3) 
   Exhibits  
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be obtained from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.      
 


 

 

 
 
 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
     2.1 
    
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 
1, 2021, among Vector Acquisition Corporation, Rocket Lab USA, Inc. and Prestige USA Merger Sub, Inc. (1)   
 
 
 
 
     3.1 
    
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
     4.1 
    
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (3)   
 
 
 
 
     4.2 
    
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (3)   
 
 
 
 
     4.3 
    
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (3)   
 
 
 
 
     4.4 
    
 Description of Registrant’s Securities.*  
 
 
 
 
     4.5 
    
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer 
& Trust Company and Vector Acquisition Corporation. (2)   
 
 
 
 
   10.1 
    
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 
24, 2020, between the Vector Acquisition Corporation and the Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. (2)   
 
 
 
 
   10.2 
    
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer 
& Trust Company and Vector Acquisition Corporation. (2)   
 
 
 
 
   10.3 
    
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of September 
24, 2020, among Vector Acquisition Corporation, Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. and certain other equityholders named therein. (2)   
 
 
 
 
   10.4 
    
 Letter Agreement, dated as of September 
24, 2020, among Vector Acquisition Corporation, Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. and the company’s officers and directors. (2)   
 
 
 
 
   10.5 
    
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of September 
24, 2020 between the Vector Acquisition Corporation and Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. (2)   
 
 
 
 
   10.6 
    
 Promissory Note, dated as of July 30, 2020, between Vector Acquisition Corporation and Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. (4)   
 
 
 
 
   10.7 
    
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated July 
30, 2020, between Vector Acquisition Corporation and Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. (4)   
 
 
 
 
   10.8 
    
 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of March 
1, 2021, between Vector Acquisition Corporation and Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. (1)   
      81  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 

 

 
 

 
   Exhibit No. 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
   10.9 
    
 Form of Subscription Agreement. (1)   
 
 
 
 
   10.10 
    
 Form of Transaction Support Agreement. (1)   
 
 
 
 
   14 
    
 Code of Ethics.*  
 
 
 
 
   21 
    
 List of Subsidiaries.*  
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule  13a-14(a)  or Rule  15d-14(a).*   
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule  13a-14(a)  or Rule  15d-14(a).*   
 
 
 
 
   32.1 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule  13a-14(b)  or Rule  15d-14(b)  and 18 U.S.C. 1350**
 
 
 
 
 
   32.2 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule  13a-14(b)  or Rule  15d-14(b)  and 18 U.S.C. 1350**
 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
     
 
 
 * 
   Filed herewith  
 
 
 ** 
   Furnished herewith  
 
 
 (1) 
   Incorporated by reference to the company’s Current Report on Form
 8-K,  filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021.  
 
 
 (2) 
   Incorporated by reference to the company’s Current Report on Form
 8-K,  filed with the SEC on September 30, 2020.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Incorporated by reference to the company’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form  S-1,  filed with the SEC on September 18, 2020.  
 
 
 (4) 
   Incorporated by reference to the company’s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1,  filed with the SEC on September 8, 2020.      
 
 
 ITEM 16. 
   FORM  10-K  SUMMARY  
 Not applicable.  
      82  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on
Form  10-K  to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    March 30, 2021  
   
 


 

 

 
 


 
 VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION 
 
 
 
   /s/ Alex Slusky 
 
 Name: 
   
 Alex Slusky 
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form  10-K  has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 
   Name 
    
   Position 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Alex Slusky 
    
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
   
 March 30, 2021 
 
 Alex Slusky 
    
 ( Principal Executive Officer ) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ David Fishman 
    
 President 
   
 March 30, 2021 
 
 David Fishman 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ David Baylor 
    
 Chief Financial Officer 
   
 March 30, 2021 
 
 David Baylor 
    
 ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ John Herr 
    
 Director 
   
 March 30, 2021 
 
 John Herr 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ David Kennedy 
    
 Director 
   
 March 30, 2021 
 
 David Kennedy 
    
 
   
 
 
      83  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    
   
 F-2 
   
 
   Financial Statements: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance Sheet 
    
   
 F-3 
   
 
   Statement of Operations 
    
   
 F-4 
   
 
   Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 F-5 
   
 
   Statement of Cash Flows 
    
   
 F-6 
   
 
   Notes to Financial Statements  
    
   
 F-7 to F-20 
   
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of    Vector
Acquisition Corporation    Opinion on the Financial Statements  
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Vector Acquisition Corporation (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020, the
related statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the period from July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial
statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from
July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
 Basis for Opinion    These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.    Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.    /s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC  
 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020.    New
York, New York    March 30, 2021  
      F-2  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 BALANCE SHEET    DECEMBER 31, 2020  
   
 


 

 

 
 
 
 


 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current assets 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 865,903 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses 
    
   
 366,647 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Current Assets 
    
   
 1,232,550 
   
 
   Investment held in Trust Account 
    
   
 320,004,846 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   TOTAL ASSETS 
    
 $ 
 321,327,396 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities — accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 217,395 
   
 
   Deferred underwriting fee payable 
    
   
 11,200,000 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
   
 11,417,395 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and Contingencies 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 30,482,000 shares at $10.00 per
share 
    
   
 304,820,000 
   
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ Equity 
    
 
 
 
 
   Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and
outstanding 
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 450,000,000 shares authorized; 1,518,000 shares
issued and outstanding (excluding 30,482,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 
    
   
 152 
   
 
   Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 8,000,000 shares
issued and outstanding 
    
   
 800 
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 5,351,666 
   
 
   Accumulated deficit 
    
   
 (352,617 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Shareholders’ Equity 
    
   
 5,000,001 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
    
 $ 
 321,327,396 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      F-3  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS    FOR THE PERIOD FROM
JULY 28, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 


 
   Formation and operating costs 
    
 $ 
 357,463 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Loss from operations 
    
   
 (357,463 
 )  
 
 
 
 
   Other income: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 
    
   
 4,846 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Loss 
    
 $ 
 (352,617 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A redeemable ordinary shares 
    
   
 31,553,191 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A redeemable ordinary shares 
    
 $ 
 0.00 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B
 non-redeemable  ordinary shares 
    
   
 7,732,484 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares 
    
 $ 
 (0.05 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      F-4  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY    FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JULY 28, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Class A Ordinary Shares 
   
   
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
   
   
 Additional Paid in Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Deficit 
   
   
 Total Shareholders’ Equity 
   
 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   


 
   Balance — July 28, 2020 (inception) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8,625,000 
   
   
   
 863 
   
   
   
 24,137 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 25,000 
   
 
   Sale of 32,000,000 Units, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs 
   
   
 32,000,000 
   
   
   
 3,200 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 301,744,418 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 301,747,618 
   
 
   Sale of 5,600,000 Private Placement Warrants 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8,400,000 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 8,400,000 
   
 
   Forfeiture of Founder Shares 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (625,000 
 )  
   
   
 (63 
 )  
   
   
 63 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
   
   
 (30,482,000 
 )  
   
   
 (3,048 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (304,816,952 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (304,820,000 
 )  
 
   Net loss 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (352,617 
 )  
   
   
 (352,617 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance — December 31, 2020 
   
   
 1,518,000 
   
   
 $ 
 152 
   
   
   
 8,000,000 
   
   
 $ 
 800 
   
   
 $ 
 5,351,666 
   
   
 $ 
 (352,617 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5,000,001 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      F-5  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS    FOR THE PERIOD FROM
JULY 28, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 


 
   Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net loss 
    
 $ 
 (352,617 
 )  
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 
    
   
 (4,846 
 )  
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Prepaid expenses 
    
   
 (366,647 
 )  
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
   
 217,395 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in operating activities 
    
   
 (506,715 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investment of cash in Trust Account 
    
   
 (320,000,000 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (320,000,000 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 
    
   
 313,600,000 
   
 
   Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 
    
   
 8,400,000 
   
 
   Proceeds from promissory note — related party 
    
   
 300,000 
   
 
   Repayment of promissory note — related party 
    
   
 (300,000 
 )  
 
   Payments of offering costs 
    
   
 (627,382 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
    
   
 321,372,618 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Change in Cash 
    
   
 865,90 3 
   
 
   Cash — Beginning 
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash — Ending 
    
 $ 
 865,903 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Non-Cash  Investing and Financing
Activities: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Initial classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
    
 $ 
 305,153,760 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
    
 $ 
 (333,760 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred underwriting fee payable 
    
 $ 
 11,200,000 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
    
 $ 
 25,000 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Forfeiture of Founder Shares 
    
 $ 
 (68 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  
      F-6  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020    NOTE 1 —
DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS    Vector Acquisition Corporation (the “Company”) is a blank check company incorporated as
a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 28, 2020. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more
businesses or entities (a “Business Combination”).    The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a
Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.  
 As of December 31, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 28, 2020 (inception) through
December 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which is described below, and, subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business
Combination and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Rocket Lab USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Rocket Lab”) (see Note 10). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a
Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates  non-operating  income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering.  
 The registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 24, 2020. On September 29, 2020 the
Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 30,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of $300,000,000 which is described in Note 3.    Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale
of 5,333,333 warrants (the “Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Vector Acquisition Partners, L.P. (the “Sponsor”), generating gross proceeds of $8,000,000,
which is described in Note 4.    In October 2020, the underwriters notified the Company of their intention to partially exercise their over-allotment option
on October 20, 2020. As such, on October 20, 2020, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 2,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, and the sale of an additional 266,667 Private Placement Warrants, at $1.50 per Private Warrant,
generating total gross proceeds of $20,400,000.    Transaction costs amounted to $18,252,382, consisting of $6,400,000 of underwriting fees, $11,200,000 of
deferred underwriting fees and $652,382 of other offering costs.    Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on September 29, 2020 and the
underwriters’ partial exercise of their over-allotment on October 20, 2020, an amount of $320,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in
any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under  Rule 2a-7  of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the “Investment Company Act”), as determined by the Company, until the earliest of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company’s
shareholders, as described below.  
      F-7  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange listing rules
require that the Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in
the Trust Account and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be
able to successfully effect a Business Combination.    The Company will provide the holders of the public shares (the “Public Shareholders”) with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of the Business Combination, either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public
Shares, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (initially $10.00 per Public Share), including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to certain limitations as described in the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering. The  per-share 
amount to be distributed to the Public Shareholders who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants.    The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if
the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to
its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the
same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote the Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting,
and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination.    Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such
shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than
an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares without the Company’s prior written consent.    The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights
with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to  
      F-8  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the
Company’s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to
shareholders’ rights or  pre-initial  business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such
amendment at a  per-share  price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the Trust account and not previously released to pay taxes,
divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares.    The Company will have until September 29, 2022 to consummate a Business
Combination (the “Combination Period”). However, if the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the Public Shares, at a  per-share  price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of the Company’s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
   The Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will receive if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, and in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In
the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ($10.00).  
 In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a
third party (other than the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) $10.00 per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if
less than $10.00 per Public Share, due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The
 
      F-9  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  
Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than
the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in
or to monies held in the Trust Account.    NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
 Basis of Presentation    The accompanying financial
statements are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.  
 Emerging Growth Company    The Company is an
“emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.    Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to  non-emerging  growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised
and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of
the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the
potential differences in accounting standards used.    Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  
 Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates.  
      F-10  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not
have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020.    Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account  
 The Company classifies its U.S. Treasury and equivalent securities as
 held-to-maturity  in accordance with ASC Topic 320 “Investments — Debt and Equity Securities.”  Held-to-maturity  securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity.
 Held-to-maturity  treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying balance sheet and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or
discounts.    Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption  
 The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary
shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as
temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. The Company’s ordinary shares features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to
occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2020, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance
sheet.    Income Taxes    ASC Topic 740,  Income
Taxes , prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position
must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company’s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2020, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that
could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.    The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands
company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company’s tax provision was zero for the period
presented.    Net Loss Per Ordinary Share    The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share”. Net loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares
outstanding for the period. The calculation of diluted loss per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public Offering, and (ii) Private Placement Warrants since the exercise
of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 16,266,667 shares of Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate.  
      F-11  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  The Company’s statements of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per ordinary share for
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the  two-class  method of income (loss) per share. Net income per ordinary share, basic and diluted, for Class A redeemable ordinary
shares is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account, by the weighted average number of Class A redeemable ordinary shares outstanding since original issuance. Net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted, for
Class B  non-redeemable  ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net loss, adjusted for income attributable to Class A redeemable ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of Class B  non-redeemable  ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Class B  non-redeemable  ordinary shares includes the Founder Shares as these shares do not have any redemption
features and do not participate in the income earned on the Trust Account.    The following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per
ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts):      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Period from July 28, 2020 (inception) Through December 31, 2020 
   


 
   Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares 
    
 
 
 
 
   Numerator: Earnings allocable to Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest Income 
    
 $ 
 4,846 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Net Earnings 
    
 $ 
 4,846 
   
 
   Denominator: Weighted Average Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares 
    
 
 
 
 
   Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares, Basic and Diluted 
    
   
 31,553,191 
   
 
   Earnings/Basic and Diluted Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares 
    
 $ 
 0.00 
   
 
 
 
 
   Non-Redeemable  Class B Ordinary Shares 
    
 
 
 
 
   Numerator: Net Loss minus Redeemable Net Earnings 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net Loss 
    
 $ 
 (352,617 
 )  
 
   Redeemable Net Earnings 
    
 $ 
 (4,846 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Non-Redeemable  Net Loss 
    
 $ 
 (357,463 
 )  
 
   Denominator: Weighted Average  Non-Redeemable  Class B
Ordinary Shares 
    
 
 
 
 
   Non-Redeemable  Class B Ordinary Shares, Basic and
Diluted (1) 
    
   
 7,732,484 
   
 
   Loss/Basic and Diluted  Non-Redeemable  Class B
Ordinary Shares 
    
 $ 
 (0.05 
 )  
   As of December 31, 2020, basic and diluted shares are the same as there are no
 non-redeemable  securities that are dilutive to the shareholders.    Concentration of Credit Risk  
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution, which, at
times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.  
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments    The fair
value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the Company’s balance sheet, primarily due to
their short-term nature.  
      F-12  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  As of December 31, 2020, the carrying values of cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate
their fair values due to the short-term nature of the instruments. The Company’s portfolio of marketable securities held in the Trust Account is comprised of investments in U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of 185 days or less.
The fair value for trading securities is determined using quoted market prices in active markets.    Recent Accounting Standards  
 Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the
Company’s financial statements.    NOTE 3 — INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING  
 Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 30,000,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. In connection with the
underwriters’ partial exercise of the over-allotment option on October 20, 2020, the Company sold an additional 2,000,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and  one-third  of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share (see Note
7).    NOTE 4 — PRIVATE PLACEMENT    Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 5,333,333 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $8,000,000. In connection with the
underwriters’ partial exercise of the over-allotment option on October 20, 2020, the Company sold an additional 266,667 Private Placement Warrants, at a purchase price of $1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price
of $400,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to
the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the
redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.    NOTE 5
— RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    Founder Shares  
 On July 30, 2020, the Sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares (the
“Founder Shares”). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 1,125,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised, so that the number of
Founder Shares would equal, on an  as-converted  basis, approximately 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. In connection with the underwriters’
partial exercise of the over-allotment option and the forfeiture of the remaining over-allotment option, 625,000 Founder Shares were forfeited and 500,000 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture resulting in an aggregate of 8,000,000
Founder Shares outstanding at October 20, 2020.    The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the
Founder Shares until the earliest of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a  
      F-13  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  
Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
 sub-divisions,  share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any  30-trading  day period commencing at
least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.    Administrative Services Agreement  
 The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on September 24, 2020, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor up to $10,000 per month for office space,
administrative and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For period from July 28, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, the Company incurred
$32,000 in fees for these services, of which such amount is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet.    Promissory Note —
Related Party    On July 30, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the “Promissory Note”) to the Sponsor, pursuant to
which the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $300,000. The Promissory Note was  non-interest  bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 and (ii) the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of $300,000 was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on September 29, 2020.  
 Related Party Loans    In order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working
Capital Loans”). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of notes may be
converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a
portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had no outstanding borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans.    NOTE 6 — COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
 Risks and Uncertainties    Management continues to
evaluate the impact of the  COVID-19  global pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its
operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.    Registration and Shareholders Rights  
 Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into on September 24, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of  
      F-14  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  
Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital
Loans) will be entitled to registration rights. The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
“piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any
registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period.    Underwriting Agreement
   The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $11,200,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the
underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.  
 NOTE 7 — SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY    Preference
Shares  — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s
board of directors. At December 31, 2020, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding.    Class  A
Ordinary Shares  — The Company is authorized to issue 450,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31,
2020, there were 1,518,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 30,482,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption.  
 Class  B Ordinary Shares  — The Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, with
a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2020, there were 8,000,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding.  
 Only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of
Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, except as required by law.  
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination or earlier at the option
of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an  as-converted  basis, 20% of the sum of
(i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of
any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company’s management
team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than
 one-to-one.   
      F-15  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  Warrants  — Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) one year from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.  
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such
warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its
obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the
Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants.  
 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A
ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis”
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day
after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available.    Redemption of warrants when the price per Class  A ordinary share equals or
exceeds $18.00.  Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described with respect to the Private Placement Warrants):      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   in whole and not in part;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   at a price of $0.01 per warrant;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as
adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a  30-trading  day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.  
      F-16  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even
if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.    Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class  A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   in whole and not in part;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   at $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that
holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (as
adjusted) for any 20 trading days within the  30-trading  day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a  30-trading  day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than $18.00 per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement
Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above.    If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant
agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless.  
 In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of
directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net
of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its Business Combination (such
price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the $18.00 per share
redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.  
      F-17  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial
Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of
a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be  non-redeemable,  except as described above, so long as
they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the
Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.    NOTE 8 — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  
 The fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in
connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and
liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and
liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:  
   
 


 

 

 
 


 
 Level 1: 
    
 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide
pricing information on an ongoing basis. 
 
 
 
 
 Level 2: 
    
 Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are
not active. 
 
 
 
 
 Level 3: 
    
 Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
   At December 31, 2020, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of $320,004,846 in money market funds which
are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account.  
 The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2020 and
indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value:      
 


 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
   Description 
    
 Level 
   
    
 December 31, 2020 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Investments held in Trust Account — U.S. Treasury Securities Money Market Fund 
    
   
 1 
   
    
 $ 
 320,004,846 
   
   NOTE 9 — SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
 The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued.
Based upon this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.  
      F-18  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Rocket Lab, and Prestige
USA Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Lab (“Merger Sub”). The Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were unanimously approved by the boards of directors of each of the Company
and Rocket Lab.    As a consequence of the merger, the Company will domesticate as a Delaware corporation (the “Domestication” and the Company
following the Domestication, “Delaware Vector”) and, in connection therewith, (a) the Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of Vector (the “Class A Shares”) and the Class B ordinary shares, par
value $0.0001 per share, of Vector (the “Class B Shares”), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into an equal number of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Vector Delaware (the
“Delaware Vector Common Stock”); (b) Vector’s warrants to purchase Class A Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into an equal number of warrants to purchase Delaware Vector Common
Stock (the “Delaware Vector Warrants”) and (c) Vector’s units that have not been separated into Class A Shares and warrants issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Domestication will convert into an equal number of
units of Delaware Vector (the “Delaware Vector Units”).    Immediately following the Domestication, Merger Sub will merge with and into Delaware
Vector, with Delaware Vector surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Lab (the “First Merger”), and in connection therewith, (a) the shares of Delaware Vector Common Stock (other than any treasury shares, shares
held by Delaware Vector or any dissenting shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger (the “First Effective Time”) will convert into an equal number of shares of Rocket Lab Common Stock;
(b) the Delaware Vector Warrants that are outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the First Effective Time will convert into an equal number of warrants to purchase Rocket Lab Common Stock (the “Assumed Warrants”) and
(c) the Delaware Vector Units that are outstanding immediately prior to the First Effective Time will convert into an equal number of units of Rocket Lab (the “Assumed Units”); and immediately following the First Effective Time,
Rocket Lab will merge with and into Delaware Vector, with Delaware Vector surviving the merger (Delaware Vector as the surviving corporation, “Pubco” and such merger, the “Second Merger” and, together with the First Merger, the
“Mergers”). If the closing price of Pubco Common Stock is equal to or greater than $20.00 for a period of at least 20 days out of 30 consecutive trading days during the period commencing on the 90th day following the Closing and ending on
the 180th day following the Closing, the Rocket Lab stockholders will be entitled to receive additional shares of Pubco Common Stock equal to 8% of the Aggregate Share Consideration.  
 The Domestication, the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the “Business Combination”.
The Business Combination is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021, subject to the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions.  
      F-19  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  VECTOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION  
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 DECEMBER 31, 2020      
  Concurrently with the execution of the Agreement, the Company entered into subscription agreements (the
“Subscription Agreements”) with certain investors (the “PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and Vector agreed to issue and sell to such PIPE Investors, immediately prior to
Closing, an aggregate of 46,700,000 shares of Pubco Common Stock for a purchase price of $10.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $467,000,000 (the “PIPE Financing”).  
 The closing of the PIPE Financing is contingent upon, among other things, the substantially concurrent consummation of the Business
Combination. The Subscription Agreements provide that Vector will grant the investors in the PIPE Financing certain customary registration rights. 
      F-20  

 

 
 
 
