
 10-K
 1
 d635020d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

  UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D. C. 20549    Form 10-K  
 
 
   
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    For the Fiscal Year Ended December 29, 2013
   Commission file number1-6682      
 


 
    Hasbro, Inc.    (Exact Name of Registrant, As Specified in its Charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Rhode Island 
   
 05-0155090 
 
 (State of Incorporation) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 
   
 Identification No.) 
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
   1027 Newport Avenue,   Pawtucket, Rhode Island 
   
 02861 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code  (401) 431-8697   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
 Common Stock 
   
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   x     or    No   ¨ .  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes   ¨     or    No   x .  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes   x     or    No   ¨ .  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     or    No   ¨ .    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one:)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated filer    
   
   x 
   
   
 Accelerated filer   
    
   
 ¨ 
   
    
   
 Non-Accelerated filer   ¨ 
   
   
 Smaller reporting company   
    
   
 ¨ 
   
    
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes   ¨     or    No   x .  
 The aggregate market value on June 28, 2013 (the last business day of the Company’s most recently completed second quarter) of
the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the stock on that date, was approximately $5,179,219,000. The registrant does not have non-voting common stock outstanding.  
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 10, 2014 was 130,944,461.  
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    Portions of our definitive proxy statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report.  

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC.    Table of Contents      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART I 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
    
   Business 
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Item 1A. 
    
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Item 1B. 
    
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 24 
    
 
   Item 2. 
    
   Properties 
    
   
 24 
    
 
   Item 3. 
    
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Item 4. 
    
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 25 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART II 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 26 
    
 
   Item 6. 
    
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 27 
    
 
   Item 7. 
    
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 
    
   
 28 
    
 
   Item 7A. 
    
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 49 
    
 
   Item 8. 
    
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 50 
    
 
   Item 9. 
    
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 
    
   
 93 
    
 
   Item 9A. 
    
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 93 
    
 
   Item 9B. 
    
   Other Information 
    
   
 95 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART III 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
    
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 95 
    
 
   Item 11. 
    
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 95 
    
 
   Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 96 
    
 
   Item 13. 
    
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 96 
    
 
   Item 14. 
    
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 96 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART IV 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
    
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 96 
    
 
 
    
   Signatures 
    
   
 105 
    
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to
shareholders, we publish “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing
strategies, anticipated financial performance or business prospects in future periods, including with respect to our planned cost savings initiative, expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for scheduled
new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and timing of planned entertainment releases including motion pictures, television and digital products; and marketing and
promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for
forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking
forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results
and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be
detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are
expressed in thousands of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.    PART I  
   
 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business.     General Development and Description of Business and Business Segments  
 Except as expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, as used herein, “Hasbro”, the “Company”,
“we”, or “us”, means Hasbro, Inc., a Rhode Island corporation organized on January 8, 1926, and its subsidiaries.    Overview    We are a branded-play company dedicated to
fulfilling the fundamental need for play for children and families through creative expression of the Company’s world class brand portfolio. From toys and games to television programming, motion pictures, digital gaming and a comprehensive
licensing program, Hasbro executes its brand blueprint in all of its operations. At the center of its brand blueprint, Hasbro re-imagines, re-invents, and re-ignites its owned and controlled brands, and imagines, invents and ignites new brands,
through toy and game innovation, immersive entertainment offerings, including television programming and motion pictures, and a broad range of licensed products, ranging from traditional to high-tech and digital, under well-known brand names
structured within the Company’s brand architecture.    The Company’s brand architecture identifies franchise brands,
challenger brands, gaming mega brands, key partner brands and new brands. The Company’s franchise and challenger brands represent Company-owned brands which if not entirely owned, are broadly controlled by the Company, and which have been
successful over the long term. Franchise brands are the Company’s most significant owned or controlled brands which it believes have the ability to deliver significant revenue over the long-term. Challenger brands are brands which have not yet
achieved franchise brand status, but which the Company believes have the potential to do so with investment and time. The Company’s franchise brands are LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and
TRANSFORMERS, while challenger brands include BABY ALIVE, DUEL MASTERS, FURBY, FURREAL FRIENDS and PLAYSKOOL. The Company’s gaming mega brands are BOP IT!, CONNECT 4, ELEFUN & FRIENDS, JENGA, LIFE, OPERATION and TWISTER. Hasbro
also seeks to imagine, invent and ignite new or archived brands offering engaging branded play experiences. In addition to product offerings under Hasbro-owned brands, or brands which if not entirely
 
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
owned are broadly controlled by the Company, offerings may also include products which are branded and developed under key licenses. Significant partner brands include BEYBLADE, MARVEL
characters including SPIDER-MAN and THE AVENGERS, ROVIO, SESAME STREET and STAR WARS product offerings. Both MARVEL and STAR WARS are owned by the Walt Disney Company (“Disney”).  
 Our innovative product offerings encompass a broad variety of toys including boys’ action figures, vehicles and playsets, girls’
toys, electronic toys, plush products, preschool toys and infant products, electronic interactive products, creative play and toy-related specialty products. Games offerings include action battling, board, off-the-board, digital, card, electronic,
trading card and role-playing games.    As part of our brand blueprint, we seek to expand our brands through entertainment,
including television and movies, digital gaming and out-licensing. Hasbro Studios LLC (“Hasbro Studios”), our wholly-owned production studio, produces television programming primarily based on our brands and distributes such programming
globally. Domestically, Hasbro Studios distributes television programming to Hub Television Network, LLC (“Hub Network”), a joint venture between the Company and Discovery Communications, Inc. (“Discovery”), which operates a
cable television network in the United States dedicated to high-quality children’s and family entertainment. Hasbro Studios also distributes television programming internationally to broadcasters and cable networks as well as on various digital
platforms like iTunes and Netflix. In July 2013, the Company acquired a 70% majority stake in Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”), a mobile game developer, which allows us to leverage Backflip’s existing and new intellectual properties
while also extending our own brands through mobile digital gaming. Lastly, we license certain of our trademarks, characters and other property rights to third parties for use in connection with digital gaming, consumer promotions, and for the sale
of non-competing toys and games and lifestyle products, or in certain situations, to utilize them for toy products where we consider the out-licensing of brands to be more effective.  
 Product Categories    A key part of our brand blueprint focuses on the importance of reinforcing the storyline associated with our brands through the use of media-based entertainment, including television, motion pictures and
digital media as well as creating a digital environment for certain products through the use of digital applications and internet websites. In addition, digital applications have also been created to extend storylines for certain brands and to
interact with certain analog products. While certain media-based entertainment benefit only one particular product category, others, specifically major motion pictures, can impact more than one product category. In 2012, the Company benefited from
significant sales of MARVEL products related to two major motion picture releases,  MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS  and  THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN.  During 2013, the Company had product offerings based on theatrical releases of two major motion
pictures based on MARVEL properties,  IRON MAN 3  and  THOR: THE DARK WORLD;  however, sales of MARVEL products experienced a difficult comparison against the noteworthy success of the products sales based on the 2012 releases. In
2014, the Company anticipates product offerings based on planned theatrical releases of  TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION  from Paramount Pictures as well as  CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER  and  GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY  from
Marvel Studios and  THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2  from Sony Pictures. The Company also anticipates sales of STAR WARS product offerings supported by new television programming,  STAR WARS REBELS,  developed by Lucasfilm Ltd.
(“Lucasfilm”).    We market our brands under the following primary product categories: (1) boys; (2) games;
(3) girls; and (4) preschool toys. Descriptions of these product categories are as follows:    Boys’ franchise
brands included the NERF line of sports and action products and TRANSFORMERS action figures and accessories. Our boys’ category also includes SUPER SOAKER water blasters, G.I. JOE action figures and accessories and entertainment-based licensed
products based on popular movie, television and comic book characters, such as BEYBLADE tops and accessories and MARVEL and STAR WARS toys and accessories. In 2013, the TRANSFORMERS brand was supported by an animated television series produced by
Hasbro Studios which was distributed on a global basis. AVENGERS, BEYBLADE, SPIDER-MAN and STAR WARS products were each supported by animated television series produced and distributed by third parties in
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
2013. TRANSFORMERS products will be supported by the expected major motion picture release of  TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION  in June 2014. During 2013, MARVEL products, particularly IRON
MAN and THOR products, were supported by the motion picture releases of  IRON MAN 3  and  THOR: THE DARK WORLD;  and G.I. JOE products were supported by the motion picture release of  G.I. JOE: RETALIATION.  In 2014, MARVEL products
will be supported by the planned major motion picture releases of  CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER  in April 2014,  THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2  in May 2014 and  GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY  in August 2014. The STAR WARS brand is
expected to be supported by new television programming,  STAR WARS REBELS,  developed by Lucasflim in late 2014. In addition to marketing and developing action figures and accessories for traditional play, the Company also develops and markets
products designed for collectors, which has been a key component of the success of the TRANSFORMERS, STAR WARS and MARVEL brands.    In July 2013, the Company announced that it had entered into amended agreements related to its MARVEL and STAR WARS licenses with Disney. The term of the MARVEL agreement was extended through 2020 and
both the MARVEL and STAR WARS agreements include additional guaranteed royalties.    Our games category includes an assortment of
well known brands delivered on various platforms, including action battling, board, off-the-board, digital, trading card and role-playing games. Franchise brands included MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY, and other major game brands included
BATTLESHIP, BOP-IT, CANDYLAND, CLUE, CONNECT 4, CRANIUM, DUEL MASTERS, ELEFUN & FRIENDS, GAME OF LIFE, JENGA, OPERATION, RISK, SORRY!, TRIVIAL PURSUIT, TWISTER, and YAHTZEE. In recent years, we have focused on investing more heavily in
fewer initiatives and have centralized our games marketing and development. We continue to evolve our approach to gaming using consumer insights and offering gaming experiences relevant to consumer demand for face-to-face, off-the-board and other
game play including the launch of new play patterns such as the introduction of action battling with TRANSFORMERS BOT SHOTS and ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS. In 2013, the ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS product line was extended to include ANGRY BIRDS TELEPODS which
integrates analog and mobile gaming. Furthermore, and as mentioned above, in July 2013, we acquired a 70% majority stake in Backflip to expand our expertise and product offerings in the mobile gaming arena. Backflip’s game titles are
distributed primarily through the Apple APP Store and GOOGLE Play Store and include DRAGONVALE, NINJUMP and PAPER TOSS. In 2014 and beyond, we plan to introduce additional game titles including PLUNDERNAUTS, DWARVEN DEN and NERF ZOMBIE STRIKE.
   In our girls’ category, we seek to provide a traditional and wholesome play experience. Girls’ franchise brands
include LITTLEST PET SHOP, MY LITTLE PONY and NERF REBELLE. Other major girls’ toy brands include FURREAL FRIENDS, BABY ALIVE, EASY BAKE and FURBY. The LITTLEST PET SHOP and MY LITTLE PONY brands were supported and will continue to be supported
by television programming produced by Hasbro Studios in 2013 and 2014. These brands are further supported by digital gaming with licensed partners. The MY LITTLE PONY brand was also re-imagined with the successful launch of MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA
GIRLS product line which was supported by the release of an animated movie in 2013 and an expected animated movie release in 2014. In 2013, we expanded our NERF brand into the girls’ category with the introduction of NERF REBELLE, a line of
action performance products marketed to girls. We re-introduced a new FURBY product line in English-speaking markets in 2012 and in certain non-English speaking markets in 2013.  
 Our preschool category encompasses a range of products for infants and preschoolers in various stages of development. Franchise brand
offerings in the preschool category included PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS. Other major preschool brands include PLAYSKOOL and products based on the SESAME STREET portfolio of characters. PLAY-DOH products include modeling compound and playsets. In
2014, we plan to introduce DOH VINCI, a new line of arts and crafts products. Our PLAYSKOOL brand includes well-known products such as MR. POTATO HEAD, SIT ‘N SPIN, ROCKTIVITY and GLOWORM, along with a line of infant toys including STEP START
WALK’ N RIDE and ELEFUN BUSY BALL POPPER. Our preschool category also includes certain MARVEL, STAR WARS and TRANSFORMERS action figures and playsets marketed under PLAYSKOOL HEROES. Sales in our preschool category also benefit from several
educational and interactive  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
products under our licensing agreement with Sesame Workshop that provides us with the licensed rights to produce products based on the SESAME STREET portfolio of characters, including ELMO,
GROVER and COOKIE MONSTER, among others.    Segments  
 Organizationally, our three principal segments are U.S. and Canada, International and Entertainment and Licensing. The U.S. and Canada and
International segments engage in the marketing and selling of various toy and game products described above. Our toy and game products are primarily developed by a global development group while our global marketing function establishes brand
direction and assists the segments in establishing certain local marketing programs. The costs of these groups are allocated to the principal segments. Our U.S. and Canada segment covers the United States and Canada while the International segment
primarily includes Europe, the Asia Pacific region and Latin and South America. The Entertainment and Licensing segment engages in the out-licensing of our trademarks, characters and other brand and intellectual property rights to third parties for
non-competing products and also conducts our movie, television and digital gaming entertainment operations, including the operations of Hasbro Studios and Backflip. Our Global Operations segment is responsible for arranging product manufacturing and
sourcing for the U.S. and Canada and International segments. Financial information with respect to our segments and geographic areas is included in note 19 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 8 of this Form
10-K.    The Company’s strategy is focused around re-imagining, re-inventing, and re-igniting its existing brands, and
imagining, inventing, and igniting new brands, globally through the development and marketing of innovative toy and game products, providing immersive entertainment experiences for our consumers, and expansion of our brands into other consumer
products through broad licensing programs, including digital media and lifestyle products. The following is a discussion of each segment.    U.S. and Canada    This segment engages in the marketing and sale of
our product categories in the United States and Canada. The U.S. and Canada segment’s strategy is based on promoting our brands through innovation and reinvention of toys and games. This is accomplished through introducing new products and
initiatives driven by consumer and marketplace insights and leveraging opportunistic toy and game lines and licenses. This strategy leverages off of efforts to increase consumer awareness of the Company’s brands through entertainment
experiences, including motion pictures and television programming. Major 2013 brands and products included BEYBLADE products, DUEL MASTERS, FURBY, FURREAL FRIENDS, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MARVEL products, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH, PLAYSKOOL,
SESAME STREET products, STAR WARS products and TRANSFORMERS.    International  
 The International segment engages in the marketing and sale of our product categories to retailers and wholesalers in most countries in
Europe, Latin and South America and the Asia Pacific region and through distributors in those countries where we have no direct presence. We have offices in more than 35 countries contributing to sales in more than 120 countries. In addition to
growing brands and leveraging opportunistic toy lines and licenses, we seek to grow our international business by continuing to expand into emerging markets in Eastern Europe, Asia and Latin and South America. Emerging markets are an area of high
priority for Hasbro as they offer greater opportunities for revenue growth. Key emerging markets include Russia, Brazil and the People’s Republic of China (“China”). In 2013 and 2012, net revenues in emerging markets grew 25% and 16%,
respectively, and represented more than 10% of consolidated net revenues in each of these years. Key brands during 2013 included FURBY, FURREAL FRIENDS, LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MARVEL products, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF,
PLAY-DOH, PLAYSKOOL, STAR WARS products and TRANSFORMERS.    Entertainment and Licensing  
 Our Entertainment and Licensing segment includes our lifestyle licensing, digital gaming, television and movie entertainment operations.
Our lifestyle licensing category seeks to promote our brands through the out- 
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
licensing of our intellectual properties to third parties for promotional and merchandising uses in businesses which do not compete directly with our own product offerings, such as apparel,
publishing, home goods and electronics, or in certain situations, to utilize them for toy products where we consider the out-licensing of brands to be more effective.    Our digital gaming business seeks to promote our brands through the out-licensing of our intellectual properties to a number of partners who develop and offer digital games for play on mobile devices,
personal computers, and video game consoles based on those brands. Our agreement with Electronic Arts Inc. (“EA”), grants exclusive worldwide rights to create mobile games based on a number of our intellectual properties, including
MONOPOLY, SCRABBLE, YAHTZEE and GAME OF LIFE. We also have agreements with Activision for digital games based on the TRANSFORMERS brand, DeNA for mobile games based on the TRANSFORMERS brand, GameLoft for mobile games based on MY LITTLE PONY and
LITTLEST PET SHOP brands, Jagex for an online TRANSFORMERS game for Western Markets, and Ubisoft for console games based on MONOPOLY, SCRABBLE, TRIVIAL PURSUIT and others. We also license our brands to third parties engaged in other forms of gaming,
including Scientific Games Corporation. Furthermore, in July 2013, we acquired a 70% majority stake in Backflip, a mobile game developer whose mobile gaming product offerings include DRAGONVALE, NINJUMP and PAPER TOSS. In 2014 and beyond, Backflip
intends to focus on its existing product lines and launching new games, including those based on Hasbro brands.    To support our
strategic objective of further developing our brands through television entertainment, we operate a wholly-owned television studio, Hasbro Studios, which produces television programming primarily based on our brands, which is distributed on a global
basis. In addition, Hasbro Studios has a coordinated development process which aligns with our 50% interest in a joint venture with Discovery that operates Hub Network, a cable television network in the United States. Hub Network is dedicated to
providing high-quality children’s and family entertainment.    In addition to the above, we also seek to promote and
leverage our brands through major motion pictures. In June 2014,  TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION,  the fourth major motion picture based on the TRANSFORMERS brand, is scheduled to be released by Paramount Pictures. In 2013,  G.I. JOE:
RETALIATION,  the second major motion picture based on the G.I. JOE brand, was released. In May 2012,  BATTLESHIP  was released by Universal Pictures.    Major motion pictures and television programming based on our owned and controlled brands provide our consumers with the ability to experience these properties in a different format, which we believe can
result in increased product sales, royalty revenues, and overall brand awareness. To a lesser extent, we can also earn revenue from our participation in the financial results of motion pictures and related DVD releases and through the distribution
of television programming. Revenue from toy and game product sales is a component of the U.S. and Canada and International segments, while royalty revenues, including revenues earned from movies and television programming, is included in the
Entertainment and Licensing segment.    Global Operations  
 In our Global Operations segment, we manufacture and source production of substantially all of our toy and game products. The Company owns
and operates manufacturing facilities in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland which predominantly produce game products. Sourcing of our other production is done through unrelated third party manufacturers in various Far East
countries, principally China, using a Hong Kong based wholly-owned subsidiary operation for quality control and order coordination purposes. See “Manufacturing and Importing” below for more details concerning overseas manufacturing and
sourcing.    Other Information    To further extend our range of products in the various segments of our business, we sell a portion of our toy and game products to retailers on a direct import basis from the Far East. These sales are
reflected in the revenue of the related segment where the customer is located.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Certain of our products are licensed to other companies for sale in selected countries where
we do not otherwise have a direct business presence.    Each of our four product categories, namely boys, games, girls and
preschool, generate greater than 10% of our net revenues. For more information, including the amount of net revenues attributable to each of our four product categories, see note 19 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in
Item 8 of this Form 10-K.    Working Capital Requirements  
 Our working capital needs are financed primarily through cash generated from operations and, when necessary, proceeds from short-term
borrowings. Our borrowings generally reach peak levels during the third or fourth quarter of each year. This corresponds to the time of year when our receivables also generally reach peak levels as part of the production and shipment of product in
preparation for the holiday season. The strategy of retailers has generally been to make a higher percentage of their purchases of toy and game products within or close to the fourth quarter holiday consumer buying season, which includes Christmas.
We expect that retailers will continue to follow this strategy. Our historical revenue pattern is one in which the second half of the year is more significant to our overall business than the first half. In 2013, the second half of the year
accounted for approximately 65% of full year revenues with the third and fourth quarters accounting for 34% and 31% of full year net revenues, respectively.    The toy and game business is also characterized by customer order patterns which vary from year to year largely because of differences each year in the degree of consumer acceptance of product lines,
product availability, marketing strategies and inventory policies of retailers, the dates of theatrical releases of major motion pictures for which we offer products, and changes in overall economic conditions. As a result, comparisons of our
unshipped orders on any date with those at the same date in a prior year are not necessarily indicative of our sales for that year. Moreover, quick response inventory management practices result in fewer orders being placed significantly in advance
of shipment and more orders being placed for immediate delivery. Retailers generally time their orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase by consumers. Although the Company may receive orders from
customers in advance, it is a general industry practice that these orders are subject to amendment or cancellation by customers prior to shipment and, as such, the Company does not believe that these unshipped orders, at any given date, are
indicative of future sales. The types of programs that we plan to employ to promote sales in 2014 are substantially the same as those we employed in 2013 and in prior years.    Historically, we commit to the majority of our inventory production and advertising and marketing expenditures for a given year prior to the peak fourth quarter retail selling season. Our accounts
receivable increase during the third and fourth quarter as customers increase their purchases to meet expected consumer demand in the holiday season. Due to the concentrated timeframe of this selling period, payments for these accounts
receivable are generally not due until later in the fourth quarter or early in the first quarter of the subsequent year. The timing difference between expenses paid and revenues collected sometimes makes it necessary for us to borrow varying
amounts during the year. During 2013, we utilized cash from our operations and borrowings under our commercial paper program and uncommitted lines of credit to meet our cash flow requirements.  
 Royalties and Product Development    Our success is dependent on continuous innovation in our entertainment offerings, including both the continuing development of new brands and products and the redesign of existing products to drive
consumer interest and market acceptance. Our toy and game products are developed by a global development group and the costs of this group are allocated to the selling entities which comprise our principal operating segments. In 2013, 2012 and 2011,
we incurred expenses of $207,591, $201,197 and $197,638, respectively, on activities relating to the development, design and engineering of new products and their packaging (including products brought to us by independent designers) and on the
improvement or modification of ongoing products. Much of this work is performed by our internal staff of designers, artists, model makers and engineers.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In addition to the design and development work performed by our own staff, we deal with a
number of independent toy and game designers for whose designs and ideas we compete with other toy and game manufacturers. Rights to such designs and ideas, when acquired by us, are usually exclusive and the agreements require us to pay the designer
a royalty on our net sales of the item. These designer royalty agreements, in some cases, also provide for advance royalties and minimum guarantees.    We also produce a number of toys and games under trademarks and copyrights utilizing the names or likenesses of characters from movies, television shows and other entertainment media, for whose rights we
compete with other toy and game manufacturers. Licensing fees for these rights are generally paid as a royalty on our net sales of the item. Licenses for the use of characters are generally exclusive for specific products or product lines in
specified territories. In many instances, advance royalties and minimum guarantees are required by these license agreements.  
 In 2013, 2012 and 2011, we incurred $338,919, $302,066 and $339,217, respectively, of royalty expense. In 2013, royalty expense included
$63,801 related to the settlement of an arbitration award for a dispute between the Company and an inventor as well as the amendment of its license agreement with Zynga. Our royalty expense in any given year may also vary depending upon the timing
of movie releases and other entertainment media.    Marketing and Sales  
 As we are focused on re-imagining, re-inventing and re-igniting our many brands and imagining, inventing and igniting new brands, we have
a global marketing function which establishes brand direction and messaging, as well as assists the selling entities in establishing certain local marketing programs. The costs of this group are allocated to the selling entities which comprise our
principal operating segments. We also maintain sales and marketing functions in our selling entities which are responsible for local market activities and execution. Our products are sold globally to a broad spectrum of customers, including
wholesalers, distributors, chain stores, discount stores, mail order houses, catalog stores, department stores and other traditional retailers, large and small, as well as internet-based “e-tailers.” Our own sales forces account for the
majority of sales of our products. Remaining sales are generated by independent distributors who sell our products, for the most part, in areas of the world where we do not otherwise maintain a direct presence. While we have thousands of customers,
the majority of our sales are to large chain stores, distributors and wholesalers. While this concentration of customers provides us with certain benefits, such as potentially more efficient product distribution and other decreased costs of sales
and distribution, this also creates additional risks to our business associated with a major customer having financial difficulties or reducing its business with us. In addition, customer concentration may decrease the prices we are able to obtain
for some of our products and reduce the number of products we would otherwise be able to bring to market. During 2013, net revenues from our three largest customers, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation
represented 16%, 10% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated net revenues, and sales to our top five customers, including Wal-Mart, Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target, accounted for approximately 39% of our consolidated net revenues. In the U.S.
and Canada segment, approximately 61% of our net revenues were derived from these top three customers.    We advertise many of
our toy and game products extensively on television. In addition, we engage in digital marketing and advertising for our brands. Generally our advertising highlights selected items in our various product groups in a manner designed to promote the
sale of not only the selected item, but also other items we offer in those product groups as well. Hasbro Studios produces television entertainment based primarily on our brands which appears on Hub Network in the U.S., other major networks
internationally and on various other digital platforms, such as Netflix and iTunes. We introduce many of our new products to major customers during the year prior to the year of introduction of such products for retail sale. In addition, we showcase
certain of our new products in New York City at the time of the American International Toy Fair in February, as well as at other international toy shows. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, we incurred $398,098, $422,239 and $413,951, respectively, in expense
related to advertising and promotion programs. Certain entertainment-based products, such as products based on major motion pictures, generally do not require the same level of advertising that we spend on other non-entertainment based products.
 
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Manufacturing and Importing  
 During 2013 substantially all of our products were manufactured in third party facilities in the Far East, primarily China, as well as in
our two owned facilities located in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland.    Most of our products are
manufactured from basic raw materials such as plastic, paper and cardboard, although certain products also make use of electronic components. All of these materials are readily available but may be subject to significant fluctuations in price. There
are certain chemicals (including phthalates and BPA) that national, state and local governments have restricted or are seeking to restrict or limit the use of; however, we do not believe these restrictions have or will materially impact our
business. We generally enter into agreements with suppliers at the beginning of a fiscal year that establish prices for that year. However, significant volatility in the prices of any of these materials may require renegotiation with our suppliers
during the year. Our manufacturing processes and those of our vendors include injection molding, blow molding, spray painting, printing, box making and assembly. The countries of the Far East, and particularly China, constitute the largest
manufacturing center of toys in the world and the substantial majority of our toy products are manufactured in China. The 1996 implementation of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade reduced or eliminated customs duties on many of the products
imported by us. We purchase most of our raw materials and component parts used in our owned manufacturing facilities from suppliers in the United States and certain other countries.  
 We believe that the manufacturing capacity of our third party manufacturers, together with our own facilities, as well as the supply of
components, accessories and completed products which we purchase from unaffiliated manufacturers, are adequate to meet the anticipated demand in 2014 for our products. Our reliance on designated external sources of manufacturing could be shifted,
over a period of time, to alternative sources of supply for our products, should such changes be necessary or desirable. However, if we were to be prevented from obtaining products from a substantial number of our current Far East suppliers due to
political, labor or other factors beyond our control, our operations and our ability to obtain products would be severely disrupted while alternative sources of product were secured and production shifted to those new sources. The imposition of
trade sanctions by the United States or the European Union against a class of products imported by us from, or the loss of “normal trade relations” status with, China, or other factors which increase the cost of manufacturing in China,
such as higher Chinese labor costs or an appreciation in the Chinese Yuan, could significantly disrupt our operations and/or significantly increase the cost of the products which are manufactured in China and imported into other markets.  
 Competition    We
are a worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of toys and games and other entertainment offerings, but our business is highly competitive. We compete with several large toy and game companies in our product categories, as well as
many smaller United States and international toy and game designers, manufacturers and marketers. We also compete with companies that offer branded entertainment focused on children and their families. Competition is based primarily on meeting
consumer entertainment preferences and on the quality and play value of our products. To a lesser extent, competition is also based on product pricing. In entertainment, Hasbro Studios and Hub Network compete with other children’s
television networks and entertainment producers, such as Nickelodeon, Cartoon Network and Disney Channel, for viewers, advertising revenue and distribution.    In addition to contending with competition from other toy and game and branded-play entertainment companies, we contend with the phenomenon that children are increasingly sophisticated and have been
moving away from traditional toys and games at a younger age. Thereby, the variety of product and entertainment offerings available for children has expanded and product lifecycles have shrunk as children move on to more sophisticated offerings at
younger ages. We refer to this as “children getting older younger.” As a result, our products not only compete with those offerings produced by other toy and game manufacturers, we also compete, particularly in meeting the demands of older
children, with entertainment offerings of many technology companies, such as makers of tablets, mobile devices, video games and other consumer electronic products.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The volatility in consumer preferences with respect to family entertainment and low barriers
to entry as well as the emergence of new technologies continually creates new opportunities for existing competitors and start-ups to develop products that compete with our entertainment and toy and game offerings.  
 Employees    At
December 29, 2013, we employed approximately 5,000 persons worldwide, approximately 2,500 of whom were located in the United States.  
 Trademarks, Copyrights and Patents    We seek to protect our products, for the most part, and in as many countries as practical, through registered trademarks, copyrights and patents to the extent that such protection is available, cost
effective, and meaningful. The loss of such rights concerning any particular product is unlikely to result in significant harm to our business, although the loss of such protection for a number of significant items might have such an effect.
   Government Regulation    Our toy and game products sold in the United States are subject to the provisions of The Consumer Product Safety Act, as amended by the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008, (as amended, the
“CPSA”), The Federal Hazardous Substances Act (the “FHSA”), The Flammable Fabrics Act (the “FFA”), and the regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, a few of our products, such as the food mixes for our EASY-BAKE
ovens, are also subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration.    The CPSA empowers the Consumer Product Safety
Commission (the “CPSC”) to take action against hazards presented by consumer products, including the formulation and implementation of regulations and uniform safety standards. The CPSC has the authority to seek to declare a product
“a banned hazardous substance” under the CPSA and to ban it from commerce. The CPSC can file an action to seize and condemn an “imminently hazardous consumer product” under the CPSA and may also order equitable remedies such as
recall, replacement, repair or refund for the product. The FHSA provides for the repurchase by the manufacturer of articles that are banned.    Consumer product safety laws also exist in some states and cities within the United States and in many international markets including Canada, Australia and Europe. We utilize independent third party
laboratories that employ testing and other procedures intended to maintain compliance with the CPSA, the FHSA, the FFA, other applicable domestic and international product standards, and our own standards. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
there can be no assurance that our products are or will be hazard free. Any material product recall or other safety issue impacting our product could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, depending on the
product and scope of the recall, and could negatively affect sales of our other products as well.    The Children’s
Television Act of 1990 and the rules promulgated thereunder by the United States Federal Communications Commission, the rules and regulations of the Federal Trade Commission, as well as the laws of certain other countries, also place limitations on
television commercials during children’s programming and on advertising in other forms to children, and on the collection of information from children under the age of thirteen subject to the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act.    We maintain programs to comply with various United States federal, state, local and international requirements
relating to the environment, health, safety and other matters.    Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas
   The information required by this item is included in note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Item 8 of Part II of this report and is incorporated herein by reference.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Executive Officers of the Registrant  
 The following persons are the executive officers of the Company. Such executive officers are elected annually. The position(s) and
office(s) listed below are the principal position(s) and office(s) held by such persons with the Company. The persons listed below generally also serve as officers and directors of certain of the Company’s various subsidiaries at the request
and convenience of the Company.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Age 
   
    
   Position and Office Held 
    
 Period Serving in Current Position 
   


 
   Brian D. Goldner(1) 
    
   
 50 
    
    
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
    
   
 Since 2008 
    
 
   David D. R. Hargreaves(2) 
    
   
 61 
    
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
    
 
   Deborah M. Thomas(3) 
    
   
 50 
    
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
    
 
   Duncan J. Billing(4) 
    
   
 55 
    
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
    
 
   Barbara Finigan(5) 
    
   
 52 
    
    
 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
    
   
 Since 2010 
    
 
   John A. Frascotti(6) 
    
   
 53 
    
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
    
 
   Wiebe Tinga(7) 
    
   
 53 
    
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
    
 
   Martin R. Trueb 
    
   
 61 
    
    
 Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
    
   
 Since 1997 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Prior thereto, Chief Operating Officer from 2006 to 2008.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Prior thereto, Chief Operating Officer from 2009 to 2013; prior thereto, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2009.
 
 
 
 (3) 
 Prior thereto, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2009 to 2013; prior thereto, Senior Vice President, Head of Corporate Finance from 2008 to 2009.
 
 
 
 (4) 
 Prior thereto, Senior Vice President and Global Chief Development Officer from 2008 to 2013; prior thereto, Chief Marketing Officer, U.S. Toy Group from 2004 to 2008.
 
 
 
 (5) 
 Prior thereto, Vice President, Employment, Litigation and Compliance since 2006.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Prior thereto, Senior Vice President and Global Chief Marketing Officer from 2008 to 2013.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Prior thereto, President, North America from 2012 to 2013; prior thereto; President, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Emerging Markets from 2006 to 2012.
   Availability of Information    Our internet address is http://www.hasbro.com. We make our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, available free of charge on or through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities
and Exchange Commission.      
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors.     Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results    From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated financial performance or business prospects in future periods, including with respect to our
planned cost savings initiative, expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
scheduled new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and timing of planned entertainment releases including motion
pictures, television and digital products; and marketing and promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,”
“expect,” “intend,” “looking forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of words with similar meanings. We note
that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The factors listed below are illustrative and
other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any
revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. Unless otherwise specifically
indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in thousands of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.  
 We are focusing our global efforts around our brand architecture, which includes a heightened emphasis and reliance on our
franchise and partner brands.    We have made a strategic decision to focus on fewer, larger global brands as we build
our business. We are moving away from SKU making behaviors, which involve building a large number of products across many brands, towards global brand building with an emphasis on our franchise and partner brands, which we view as having the
largest global potential. As we concentrate our efforts on a more select group of brands, our future success depends to a greater extent on our ability to successfully develop those brands across our brand blue print and to maintain and extend
the reach and relevance of those brands to global consumers in wide array of markets. In 2013 revenues from our seven franchise brands, LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, totaled
44% of our aggregate net revenues. Our key partner brands, such as DISNEY, MARVEL, LUCASFILM, SESAME STREET and ROVIO, also constitute a significant portion of our overall business. Together our franchise and partner brands are critical to our
business. If we are unable to successfully execute this strategy and to maintain and develop our franchise and key partner brands in the future, such that our product offerings based on these brands are not sought after by consumers, our revenues
and profits will decline and our business performance will be harmed.    Consumer interests change rapidly, making it
difficult to design and develop products which will be popular with children and families.    The interests of children
and families evolve extremely quickly and can change dramatically from year to year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate the types of entertainment content, products and play patterns which will capture children’s and families’
interests and imagination and quickly develop and introduce innovative products which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. This challenge is more difficult with the ever increasing utilization of
technology and digital media in entertainment offerings, and the increasing breadth of entertainment available to consumers. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever changing and expanding pipeline of entertainment
and consumer properties and products which compete for children’s and families’ interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, and other products can be popular during a
certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, individual child and family entertainment products and properties often have short consumer life cycles. If we devote time and resources to developing entertainment and products
that consumers do not find interesting enough to buy in significant quantities to be profitable to us, our revenues and profits may decline and our business performance may be damaged.  
 Additionally, our business is increasingly global and depends on interest in and acceptance of our child and family entertainment products
and properties by consumers in diverse markets around the world with different  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
tastes and preferences. As such, our success depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences in multiple markets and geographies and to
design product and entertainment offerings that can achieve popularity globally over a broad and diverse consumer audience.  
 The challenge of continuously developing and offering products that are sought after by children is compounded by the
sophistication of today’s children and the increasing array of technology and entertainment offerings available to them.    Children are increasingly utilizing electronic offerings such as tablet devices and mobile phones and they are expanding their interests to a wider array of innovative, technology-driven entertainment
products and digital and social media offerings at younger and younger ages. Our products compete with the offerings of consumer electronics companies, digital media and social media companies. To meet this challenge we, and our competitors,
are designing and marketing products which incorporate increasing technology, seek to combine digital and analog play, and capitalize on new play patterns and increased consumption of digital and social media.  
 With the increasing array of competitive entertainment offerings, there is no guarantee that:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any of our brands, products or product lines will achieve popularity or continue to be popular;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any property for which we have a significant license will achieve or sustain popularity;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any new products or product lines we introduce will be considered interesting to consumers and achieve an adequate market acceptance; or
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any product’s life cycle or sales quantities will be sufficient to permit us to profitably recover our development, manufacturing, marketing,
royalties (including royalty advances and guarantees) and other costs of producing, marketing and selling the product.    The children’s and family entertainment industry is highly competitive and the barriers to entry are low. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors or with
our retailer’s private label toy products our revenues, market share and profitability could decline.    The
children’s and family entertainment industry is, and will continue to be, highly competitive. We compete in the United States and internationally with a wide array of large and small manufacturers, marketers, and sellers of analog toys and
games, digital gaming products, digital media, products which combine analog and digital play, and other entertainment and consumer products, as well as with retailers who offer such products under their own private labels. We face competitors
who are constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas which will appeal to consumers and introducing new products that compete with our products for consumer acceptance and purchase.  
 In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the children’s and family entertainment industry
are low, and the increasing importance of digital media, and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of companies
we compete with. New participants with a popular product idea or entertainment property can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short period of time. These existing and new competitors
may be able to respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences. Our competitors’ products may achieve greater market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and lower
our profitability.    In recent years, retailers have also developed their own private-label products that directly compete with
the products of traditional manufacturers. Some retail chains that are our customers sell private-label children’s and family entertainment products designed, manufactured and branded by the retailers themselves. These products may be
sold at prices lower than our prices for comparable products, which may result in lower purchases of our products by these retailers and may reduce our market share.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  An inability to develop and introduce planned products, product lines and new brands
in a timely and cost-effective manner may damage our business.    In developing products, product lines and new brands we
have anticipated dates for the associated product and brand introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain time in the future those expectations are based on
completing the associated development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a
timely manner and on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. The risk is also exacerbated by the
increasing sophistication of many of the products we are designing, and brands we are developing in terms of combining digital and analog technologies, utilizing digital media to a greater degree, and providing greater innovation and product
differentiation. Unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date
for products to be later than anticipated or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued.    United States, global and regional economic downturns that negatively impact the retail and credit markets, or that otherwise damage the financial health of our retail customers and consumers, can
harm our business and financial performance.    We design, manufacture and market a wide variety of entertainment and
consumer products worldwide through sales to our retail customers and directly to consumers. Our financial performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer spending in the markets in which we operate. Recessions, credit
crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the United States and in other markets in which our products are marketed and sold can result in lower levels of economic activity, lower employment levels, less consumer
disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. Similarly, reductions in the value of key assets held by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower consumer confidence and consumer spending power. Any of these factors
can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products. This in turn can reduce our revenues and harm our financial performance and profitability.    In addition to experiencing potentially lower revenues from our products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to maintain sales during such times we may need to reduce the price of our
products, increase our promotional spending and/or sales allowances, or take other steps to encourage retailer and consumer purchase of our products. Those steps may lower our net revenues or increase our costs, thereby decreasing our operating
margins and lowering our profitability.    Challenging market conditions in certain developed economies, such as in the
United States, Canada, Australia and certain Western European countries, make it more difficult for us to succeed.    Our
future success in the United States, Canada, Australia, Europe and other developed economies is impacted by market conditions. For example, a European sovereign debt crisis or other significant negative shock to European markets could lead to a
recession in Europe, which may negatively impact consumers and in turn, sales of our products in the European markets. Similar negative events impacting the market in the United States and other developed economies may harm our business.
   Many categories within the toy, game and family entertainment industries in the United States, Canada, Australia, certain
Western European countries and other developed economies have not grown, or in some cases have even declined, in recent years. In addition, many current economic predictions suggest developed economies may grow only modestly, if at all, in the
next several years. We have substantial business in developed economies, and these markets represent a majority of our current product sales. It is more difficult for us to grow, or even maintain, our business when the overall market in certain of
the major countries we serve is not growing or is declining. To succeed in a market that is stable or declining, we must maintain or gain market share from our competitors, which is more difficult than growing in an expanding market. As
long as economic conditions in the developed economies remain difficult, this will be an additional challenge for the Company.  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  An increasing portion of our business is expected to come from emerging markets, and
growing business in emerging markets presents additional challenges.    We expect an increasing portion of our net
revenues to come from emerging markets, including Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia. In 2013 revenues in emerging markets constituted approximately 14% of our net revenues, up from only 6% of our net revenues in 2010. Over time, we expect
our emerging market net revenues to continue to grow both in absolute terms and as a percentage of our overall business as one of our key business strategies is to increase our presence in emerging and underserved international
markets. Operating in an increasing number of markets, each with its own unique consumer preferences and business climates, presents additional challenges that we must meet. In addition to the need to successfully anticipate and serve
different global consumer preferences and interests, sales and operations in emerging markets that we have entered, may enter, or may increase our presence in, are subject to other risks associated with international operations, including:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws
and regulations that impact our product offerings and related enforcement;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions which may impact our income tax expense;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite
different from the United States;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and
interruptions; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The imposition of tariffs, quotas, or other protectionist measures.  
 Because of the importance of our emerging market net revenues, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if any of
the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our emerging market business.  
 Our business depends in large part on the success of our key partner brands and on our ability to maintain and extend solid
relationships with our key partners.    As part of our strategy, in addition to developing and marketing products based
on properties we own or control, we also seek to obtain licenses enabling us to develop and market products based on popular entertainment properties owned by third parties.    We currently have in-licenses to several successful entertainment properties, including MARVEL and STAR WARS, owned by Disney as well as SESAME STREET and ROVIO. These licenses typically have
multi-year terms and provide us with the right to market and sell designated classes of products. In recent years our sales of products under the MARVEL, STAR WARS, SESAME STREET and ROVIO licenses have been highly significant to our
business. If we fail to meet our contractual commitments and/or any of these licenses were to terminate and not be renewed, or the popularity of any of these licensed properties was to significantly decline, our business would be damaged and we
would need to successfully develop and market other products to replace the products previously offered under license.    Our
license to the MARVEL property is granted from Marvel Entertainment, LLC and Marvel Characters B.V. (together “Marvel”). Our license to the STAR WARS property is granted by Lucas Licensing Ltd. and Lucasfilm Ltd. (together
“Lucas”). Both Marvel and Lucas are owned by The Walt Disney Company.    Entertainment is an increasingly
important success factor for our brand awareness and brand building.    Entertainment media, in forms such as television,
motion pictures, digital products, DVD releases and other media, have become increasingly important platforms for consumers to experience our owned and partner brands and the success, or lack of success, of such media efforts can significantly
impact the demand for our products and our financial success. We spend considerable resources in designing and developing products in conjunction  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
with planned media releases. Not only our efforts, but the efforts of third parties, heavily impact the timing of media development, release dates and the ultimate consumer interest in and
success of these media efforts.    The ultimate timing and success of such projects is critically dependent on the efforts and
schedules of our licensors, and studio and media partners. We do not fully control when or if any particular motion picture projects will be greenlit, developed or released, and our licensors or media partners may change their plans with
respect to projects and release dates or cancel development all together. This can make it difficult for us to get feature films developed, plan future entertainment slates and to successfully develop and market products in conjunction with
future motion picture and other media releases, given the lengthy lead times involved in product development and successful marketing efforts.    When we say that products or brands will be supported by certain media releases, those statements are based on our current plans and expectations. Unforeseen factors may increase the cost of these
releases, delay these media releases or even lead to their cancellation. Any delay or cancellation of planned product development work, introductions, or media support may decrease the number of products we sell and harm our business.  
 Lack of sufficient consumer interest in entertainment media for which we offer products can harm our business.  
 Motion pictures, television, digital products or other media for which we develop products may not be as popular with consumers as we
anticipated. While it is difficult to anticipate what products may be sought after by consumers, it can be even more difficult to properly predict the popularity of media efforts and properties given the broad array of competing offerings. If
our and our partners’ media efforts fail to garner sufficient consumer interest and acceptance, our revenues and the financial return from such efforts will be harmed.    Hub Network, our cable television joint venture with Discovery Communications, Inc. in the United States, competes with a number of other children’s television networks for viewers, advertising
revenue and distribution fees. There is no guarantee that Hub Network will be successful. Similarly, Hasbro Studios’ programming distributed internationally and Backflip Studio’s digital products compete with content from many other
parties. Lack of consumer interest in and acceptance of content developed by Hasbro Studios and Backflip Studios, or other content appearing on Hub Network, and products related to that content, could significantly harm our business. Similarly, our
business could be harmed by greater than expected costs, or unexpected delays or difficulties, associated with our investment in Hub Network, such as difficulties in increasing subscribers to the network or in building advertising revenues for Hub
Network. During 2013 the Company spent $41,325 for programming developed by Hasbro Studios and anticipates that it will continue spending at comparable levels in 2014 and future years.  
 At December 29, 2013, $321,876, or 7.3%, of our total assets, represented our investment in Hub Network. If Hub Network does not
achieve success, or if there are subsequent declines in the success or profitability of the channel, then our investment may become impaired, which could result in a write-down through net earnings.  
 Our business is seasonal and therefore our annual operating results will depend, in large part, on our sales during the relatively
brief holiday shopping season. This seasonality is exacerbated by retailers’ quick response inventory management techniques.    Sales of our toys, games and other family entertainment products at retail are extremely seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from September through December in
anticipation of the holiday season, including Christmas. This seasonality has increased over time, as retailers become more efficient in their control of inventory levels through quick response inventory management techniques. Customers are timing
their orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase by consumers. For toys, games and other family entertainment products which we produce, a majority of retail sales for the entire year generally
occur in the fourth quarter, close to the holiday season. As a consequence, the majority of our sales to our customers occur in the period from September through December, as our customers do not want to maintain large on-hand inventories throughout
the year ahead of consumer demand. While these techniques reduce a retailer’s investment in inventory, they increase pressure on suppliers like us to fill orders promptly and thereby shift a significant portion of inventory risk and carrying
costs to the supplier.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The level of inventory carried by retailers may also reduce or delay retail sales resulting
in lower revenues for us. If we or our customers determine that one of our products is more popular at retail than was originally anticipated, we may not have sufficient time to produce and ship enough additional products to fully meet consumer
demand. Additionally, the logistics of supplying more and more product within shorter time periods increases the risk that we will fail to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules, which also may reduce our sales and harm our financial
performance. This seasonal pattern requires significant use of working capital, mainly to manufacture or acquire inventory during the portion of the year prior to the holiday season, and requires accurate forecasting of demand for products during
the holiday season in order to avoid losing potential sales of popular products or producing excess inventory of products that are less popular with consumers. Our failure to accurately predict and respond to consumer demand, resulting in our under
producing popular items and/or overproducing less popular items, would reduce our total sales and harm our results of operations. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and adversely affected, in a
manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread more evenly throughout the year, by unforeseen events such as a terrorist attack or economic shock that harm the retail environment or consumer buying patterns during our key
selling season, or by events such as strikes or port delays that interfere with the shipment of goods, particularly from the Far East, during the critical months leading up to the holiday shopping season.  
 The concentration of our retail customer base means that economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing or promotional policies
or patterns of our major customers could have a significant impact on us.    We depend upon a relatively small retail
customer base to sell the majority of our products. For the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation, accounted for approximately 16%, 10% and 9%, respectively, of our
consolidated net revenues and our five largest customers, including Wal-Mart, Toys “R” Us and Target, in the aggregate accounted for approximately 39% of our consolidated net revenues. In the U.S. and Canada segment, approximately 61%
of the net revenues of the segment were derived from our top three customers. If one or more of our major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the
amount of their purchases from us, favor competitors or new entrants, increase their direct competition with us by expanding their private-label business, change their purchasing patterns, alter the manner in which they promote our products or the
resources they devote to promoting and selling our products, or return substantial amounts of our products, it could significantly harm our sales, profitability and financial condition. Customers make no binding long-term commitments to us
regarding purchase volumes and make all purchases by delivering purchase orders. Any customer could reduce its overall purchase of our products, and reduce the number and variety of our products that it carries and the shelf space allotted for our
products. In addition, increased concentration among our customers could also negatively impact our ability to negotiate higher sales prices for our products and could result in lower gross margins than would otherwise be obtained if there were
less consolidation among our customers. Furthermore, the bankruptcy or other lack of success of one or more of our significant retail customers could negatively impact our revenues and profitability.  
 Part of our strategy to remain relevant to children and families is to offer innovative products incorporating greater technology
and which combine digital and analog play. These products can be more difficult and expensive to design and manufacture, margins on some portion of these products are lower than more traditional toys and games and such products may have short life
spans.    As children have grown “older younger” and have otherwise become interested in more and more
sophisticated and adult products, such as video games, consumer electronics and social and digital media, at younger and younger ages, we have sought to keep our products relevant and interesting for these consumers. One initiative we have pursued
to capture the interest of children is to offer innovative children’s electronic toy and game products. Increasing the marriage between digital and analog gaming and increasing the technology in our gaming products is another key for our future
strategy. These electronic and digital products, if successful, can be an effective way for us to connect with consumers and increase our sales. However, children’s electronic and digital products, in addition to the risks associated with
our other family entertainment products, also face certain additional risks.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our costs for designing, developing and producing electronic and digital products, or
products that combine digital and analog technology, tend to be higher than for many of our other more traditional products, such as board games and action figures. The ability to recoup these higher costs through sufficient sales quantities and to
reflect higher costs in higher prices is constrained by heavy competition in consumer electronics and entertainment products, and can be further constrained by difficult economic conditions. As a consequence, our margins on the sales of these
products can be lower than for more traditional products and we can face increased risk of not achieving sales sufficient to recover our costs. Additionally, designing, developing and producing electronic and digital products requires different
competencies and follows different timelines than traditional toys and games. Delays in the design, development or production of electronic or digital products incorporated into or associated with traditional toys and games could have a
significant impact on our ability to successfully offer such projects. In addition, the pace of change in product offerings and consumer tastes in the electronics and digital gaming areas is potentially even greater than for our other products.
This pace of change means that the window in which a product can achieve and maintain consumer interest may be even shorter than traditional toys and games.    Our substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside the United States subject us to risks associated with international operations.  
 We operate facilities and sell products in numerous countries outside the United States. For the year ended December 29, 2013, our
net revenues from the International segment comprised approximately 46% of our total consolidated net revenues. We expect our sales to international customers to continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues. In fact, over time, we
expect our international sales and operations to continue to grow both in absolute terms and as a percentage of our overall business as one of our key business strategies is to increase our presence in emerging and underserved international markets.
Additionally, as we discuss below, we utilize third-party manufacturers located in the Far East to produce the substantial majority of our products, and we have a manufacturing facility in Ireland. These sales and manufacturing operations, including
operations in emerging markets that we have entered, may enter, or may increase our presence in, are subject to the risks associated with international operations, including:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations;      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Limitations on the repatriation of earnings;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions which may impact income tax expense;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Political instability, civil unrest and economic instability;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws
and regulations and related enforcement;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite
different from the United States;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Natural disasters and the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Transportation delays and interruptions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and
interruptions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The imposition of tariffs, quotas, or other protectionist measures.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Because of the importance of our international sales and international sourcing of
manufacturing to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasing global business.
   Other economic and public health conditions in the markets in which we operate, including rising commodity and fuel
prices, higher labor costs, increased transportation costs, outbreaks of public health pandemics or other diseases, or third party conduct could negatively impact our ability to produce and ship our products, and lower our revenues, margins and
profitability.    Various economic and public health conditions can impact our ability to manufacture and deliver
products in a timely and cost-effective manner, or can otherwise have a significant negative impact on our revenues, profitability and business.    Significant increases in the costs of other products which are required by consumers, such as gasoline, home heating fuels, or groceries, may reduce household spending on the discretionary branded play
entertainment products we offer. As we discussed above, weakened economic conditions, lowered employment levels or recessions in any of our major markets may significantly reduce consumer purchases of our products. Economic conditions may also be
negatively impacted by terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, natural disasters, increases in critical commodity prices or labor costs, or the prospect of such events. Such a weakened economic and business climate, as well as consumer
uncertainty created by such a climate, could harm our revenues and profitability.    Our success and profitability not only
depend on consumer demand for our products, but also on our ability to produce and sell those products at costs which allow for us to make a profit. Rising fuel and raw material prices, for paperboard and other components such as resin used in
plastics or electronic components, increased transportation costs, and increased labor costs in the markets in which our products are manufactured all may increase the costs we incur to produce and transport our products, which in turn may reduce
our margins, reduce our profitability and harm our business.    Other conditions, such as the unavailability of sufficient
quantities of electrical components, may impede our ability to manufacture, source and ship new and continuing products on a timely basis. Additional factors outside of our control could further delay our products or increase the cost we pay to
produce such products. For example, work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes, an outbreak of a severe public health pandemic, a natural disaster or the occurrence or threat of wars or other conflicts, all could impact our ability to manufacture or
deliver product. Any of these factors could result in product delays, increased costs and/or lost sales for our products.  
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly impact our reported financial performance.  
 Our global operations mean we produce and buy products, and sell products, in many different jurisdictions with many different
currencies. As a result, if the exchange rate between the United States dollar and a local currency for an international market in which we have significant sales or operations changes, our financial results as reported in U.S. dollars,
may be meaningfully impacted even if our business in the local currency is not significantly affected. As an example, if the dollar appreciates 10% relative to a local currency for an international market in which we had $200 million of net
revenues, the dollar value of those sales, as they are translated into U.S. dollars, would decrease by $20 million in our consolidated financial results. As such, we would recognize a $20 million decrease in our net revenues, even if
the actual level of sales in the foreign market had not changed. Similarly, our expenses in foreign markets can be significantly impacted, in U.S. dollar terms, by exchange rates, meaning the profitability of our business in U.S. dollar
terms can be negatively impacted by exchange rate movements which we do not control.  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may not realize the full benefit of our licenses if the licensed material has less
market appeal than expected or if revenue from the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum guaranteed royalties.    In addition to designing and developing products based on our own brands, we seek to fulfill consumer preferences and interests by producing products based on popular entertainment properties developed by
third parties and licensed to us. The success of entertainment properties for which we have a license, such as MARVEL, STAR WARS, SESAME STREET or ROVIO related products, can significantly affect our revenues and profitability. If we produce a line
of products based on a movie or television series, the success of the movie or series has a critical impact on the level of consumer interest in the associated products we are offering. In addition, competition in our industry for access to
entertainment properties can lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew popular licenses to entertainment products on beneficial terms, if at all, and to attract and retain the talented employees necessary to design, develop and market
successful products based on these properties.    The license agreements we enter to obtain these rights usually require us to
pay minimum royalty guarantees that may be substantial, and in some cases may be greater than what we are ultimately able to recoup from actual sales, which could result in write-offs of significant amounts which in turn would harm our results of
operations. At December 29, 2013, we had $294,991 of prepaid royalties, $152,459 of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $142,532 of which are included in other assets. Under the terms of existing contracts as of
December 29, 2013, we may be required to pay additional future minimum guaranteed royalties and other licensing fees totaling approximately $332,000. Acquiring or renewing licenses may require the payment of minimum guaranteed royalties that we
consider to be too high to be profitable, which may result in losing licenses that we currently hold when they become available for renewal, or missing business opportunities for new licenses. Additionally, as a licensee of entertainment-based
properties we have no guaranty that a particular property or brand will translate into successful toy, game or other family entertainment products, and underperformance of any such products may result in reduced revenues and operating profit for us.
   We anticipate that the shorter theatrical duration for movie releases may make it increasingly difficult for us to profitably
sell licensed products based on entertainment properties and may lead our customers to reduce their demand for these products in order to minimize their inventory risk. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that a successful brand will continue to
be successful or maintain a high level of sales in the future, as new entertainment properties and competitive products are continually being introduced to the market. In the event that we are not able to acquire or maintain successful entertainment
licenses on advantageous terms, our revenues and profits may be harmed.    Our use of third-party manufacturers to produce
the substantial majority of our products, as well as certain other products, presents risks to our business.    We own
and operate two manufacturing facilities, one in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and the other in Waterford, Ireland. However, most of our products are manufactured by third-party manufacturers, the majority of which are located in China. Although,
should changes be necessary, our external sources of manufacturing can be shifted, over a significant period of time, to alternative sources of supply. If we were prevented or delayed in obtaining products or components for a material portion of our
product line due to political, civil, labor or other factors beyond our control, including natural disasters or pandemics, our operations may be substantially disrupted, potentially for a significant period of time. This delay could significantly
reduce our revenues and profitability and harm our business while alternative sources of supply are secured.    Given that the
majority of our toy manufacturing is conducted by third-party manufacturers located in China, health conditions and other factors affecting social and economic activity in China and affecting the movement of people and products into and from China
to our major markets, including North America and Europe, as well as increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in China, could have a significant negative impact on our operations, revenues and earnings. Factors that could
negatively affect our  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
business include a potential significant revaluation of the Chinese Yuan, which may result in an increase in the cost of producing products in China, labor shortages and increases in labor costs
in China as well as difficulties in moving products manufactured in China out of Asia and through the ports in North America and Europe, whether due to port congestion, labor disputes, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors, and
natural disasters or health pandemics impacting China. Also, the imposition of trade sanctions or other regulations by the United States or the European Union against products imported by us from, or the loss of “normal trade relations”
status with, China, could significantly increase our cost of products imported into the United States or Europe and harm our business. Additionally, the suspension of the operations of a third-party manufacturer by government inspectors in China
could result in delays to us in obtaining product and may harm sales.    We require our third-party manufacturers to comply with
our Global Business Ethics Principles, which are designed to prevent products manufactured by or for us from being produced under inhumane or exploitive conditions. Our Global Business Ethics Principles address a number of issues, including working
hours and compensation, health and safety, and abuse and discrimination. In addition, we require that our products supplied by third-party manufacturers be produced in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including consumer and
product safety laws in the markets where those products are sold. Hasbro has the right and exercises such right, both directly and through the use of outside monitors, to monitor compliance by our third-party manufacturers with our Global Business
Ethics Principles and other manufacturing requirements. In addition, we do quality assurance testing on our products, including products manufactured for us by third parties. Notwithstanding these requirements and our monitoring and testing of
compliance with them, there is always a risk that one or more of our third-party manufacturers will not comply with our requirements and that we will not immediately discover such non-compliance. Any failure of our third-party manufacturers to
comply with labor, consumer, product safety or other applicable requirements in manufacturing products for us could result in damage to our reputation, harm sales of our products and potentially create liability for us.  
 If we are unable to successfully adapt to the evolution of gaming, our revenues and profitability may decline.  
 Recognizing the critical need for increased innovation and a change in the way we go to market with gaming products in order to remain
successful in the gaming business in the future, we began implementing a strategy in 2011 to reinvent our gaming business. The objective of this plan was to stabilize our gaming business in 2012, and to position it to grow in 2013 and
beyond. Our strategy to drive our gaming business in the future involves substantial changes in how we market our gaming products to consumers and how we position them at retail, a focus on delivering industry leading innovation in gaming, a
change in our allocation of focus across gaming brands, greater penetration of our brands into digital gaming and the successful combination of analog and digital gaming. Our strategy also involves making changes in how we design and develop
our gaming products. We recognize the need to provide immersive game play that is easy for consumers to learn and play in shorter periods of time, as well as offer innovative face to face, off the board and digital gaming
opportunities. People are gaming in greater numbers than ever before, but the nature of gaming has and continues to evolve quickly. To be successful our gaming offerings must evolve to anticipate and meet these changes in consumer
gaming. Our failure to successfully implement our strategy and to keep up with the evolution of gaming could substantially harm our business, resulting in lost revenues and lost profits.  
 Our success is critically dependent on the efforts and dedication of our officers and other employees.  
 Our officers and employees are at the heart of all of our branded play efforts. It is their skill, innovation and hard work that drive our
success. We compete with many other potential employers in recruiting, hiring and retaining our senior management team and our many other skilled officers and other employees. There is no guarantee that we will be able to recruit, hire or retain the
senior management, officers and other employees we need to succeed. Additionally, we have experienced significant changes in our workforce from our restructuring efforts and the recruitment and hiring of new skill sets required from our changing
global business. We have added hundreds of employees in our global markets while reducing our overall workforce over the last several years. These changes in employee composition, both in terms of global distribution and in skill sets, has
required  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
changes in our business. Our loss of key management or other employees, or our inability to hire talented people with the skill sets we need for our changing business, could significantly
harm our business.    To remain competitive we must continuously work to increase efficiency and reduce costs, but there
is no guarantee we will be successful in this regard.    Our business is extremely competitive, the pace of change in our
industry is getting faster and our competitors are always working to be more efficient and profitable. To compete we must continuously improve our processes, increase efficiency and work to reduce our expenses. To improve our profitability
and competitiveness, in the fourth quarter of 2012 we implemented a global cost savings initiative. The objective of this initiative is to reduce our operating costs by an annual gross amount of $100 million by the end of 2015. We intend to
achieve this by focusing on fewer, more global brand initiatives, workforce reductions, facility consolidation and other process improvements. However, these actions are no guarantee we will achieve our cost savings goal and we may realize
fewer benefits than are expected from this initiative.    We rely on external financing, including our credit facility, to
help fund our operations. If we were unable to obtain or service such financing, or if the restrictions imposed by such financing were too burdensome, our business would be harmed.  
 Due to the seasonal nature of our business, in order to meet our working capital needs, particularly those in the third and fourth
quarters, we rely on our commercial paper program, revolving credit facility and our other credit facilities for working capital. We currently have a commercial paper program which, subject to market conditions, and availability under our committed
revolving credit facility, allows us to issue up to $700,000 in aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding from time to time as a source of working capital funding and liquidity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to issue commercial
paper on favorable terms, or at all, at any given point in time.    We also have a revolving credit agreement that expires in
2017, which provides for a $700,000 committed revolving credit facility and a further source of working capital funding and liquidity. This facility also supports borrowings under our commercial paper program. The credit agreement contains certain
restrictive covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility. These restrictive covenants may limit our future actions as well as our financial, operating and strategic
flexibility. In addition, our financial covenants were set at the time we entered into our credit facility. Our performance and financial condition may not meet our original expectations, causing us to fail to meet such financial covenants.
Non-compliance with our debt covenants could result in us being unable to utilize borrowings under our revolving credit facility and other bank lines, a circumstance which potentially could occur when operating shortfalls would most require
supplementary borrowings to enable us to continue to fund our operations.    Not only may our individual financial performance
impact our ability to access sources of external financing, but significant disruptions to credit markets in general may also harm our ability to obtain financing. In times of severe economic downturn and/or distress in the credit markets, it is
possible that one or more sources of external financing may be unable or unwilling to provide funding to us. In such a situation, it may be that we would be unable to access funding under our existing credit facilities, and it might not be possible
to find alternative sources of funding.    We also may choose to finance our capital needs, from time to time, through the
issuance of debt securities. Our ability to issue such securities on satisfactory terms, if at all, will depend on the state of our business and financial condition, any ratings issued by major credit rating agencies, market interest rates, and the
overall condition of the financial and credit markets at the time of the offering. The condition of the credit markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. Variations in
these factors could make it difficult for us to sell debt securities or require us to offer higher interest rates in order to sell new debt securities. The failure to receive financing on desirable terms, or at all, could damage our ability to
support our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities.  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of December 29, 2013, we had $1,384,895 of total principal amount of long-term debt
outstanding, including our 6.125% Notes which are due in May of 2014, which include principal amounts of $425,000. If we are unable to generate sufficient available cash flow to service our outstanding debt we would need to refinance such debt or
face default. There is no guarantee that we would be able to refinance debt on favorable terms, or at all.    As a
manufacturer of consumer products and a large multinational corporation, we are subject to various government regulations and may be subject to additional regulations in the future, violation of which could subject us to sanctions or otherwise harm
our business. In addition, we could be the subject of future product liability suits or product recalls, which could harm our business.    As a manufacturer of consumer products, we are subject to significant government regulations, including, in the United States, under The Consumer Products Safety Act, The Federal Hazardous Substances Act,
and The Flammable Fabrics Act, as well as under product safety and consumer protection statutes in our international markets. In addition, certain of our products are subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration or similar international
authorities. In addition, advertising to children is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Communications Commission and a host of other agencies globally, and the collection of information from children under the age of
thirteen is subject to the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. While we take all the steps we believe are necessary to comply with these acts, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance and failure to comply
with these acts could result in sanctions which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to involuntary product recalls or may voluntarily conduct a product recall. While
costs associated with product recalls have generally not been material to our business, the costs associated with future product recalls individually or in the aggregate in any given fiscal year could be significant. In addition, any product recall,
regardless of direct costs of the recall, may harm consumer perceptions of our products and have a negative impact on our future revenues and results of operations.    Governments and regulatory agencies in the markets where we manufacture and sell products may enact additional regulations relating to product safety and consumer protection in the future and may also
increase the penalties for failure to comply with product safety and consumer protection regulations. In addition, one or more of our customers might require changes in our products, such as the non-use of certain materials, in the future. Complying
with any such additional regulations or requirements could impose increased costs on our business. Similarly, increased penalties for non-compliance could subject us to greater expense in the event any of our products were found to not comply with
such regulations. Such increased costs or penalties could harm our business.    As a large, multinational corporation, we are
subject to a host of governmental regulations throughout the world, including antitrust, customs and tax requirements, anti-boycott regulations, environmental regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Complying with these regulations
imposes costs on us which can reduce our profitability and our failure to successfully comply with any such legal requirements could subject us to monetary liabilities and other sanctions that could further harm our business and financial condition.
   Our business is dependent on intellectual property rights and we may not be able to protect such rights successfully.
In addition, we have a material amount of acquired product rights which, if impaired, would result in a reduction of our net earnings.    Our intellectual property, including our license agreements and other agreements that establish our ownership rights and maintain the confidentiality of our intellectual property, is of great value. We
rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, trademark, patent and other proprietary rights laws to protect our rights to valuable intellectual property related to our brands in the United States and around the world. From time to time, third
parties have challenged, and may in the future try to challenge, our ownership of our intellectual property in the United States and around the world. In addition, our business is subject to the risk of third parties counterfeiting our products or
infringing on our intellectual property rights. We may need to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Our failure to protect our intellectual property
rights could harm our business and competitive position. Much of our  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
intellectual property has been internally developed and has no carrying value on our consolidated balance sheets. However, as of December 29, 2013, we had $375,999 of acquired product and
licensing rights included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Declines in the profitability of the acquired brands or licensed products or our decision to reduce our focus or exit these brands may impact our ability to recover the
carrying value of the related assets and could result in an impairment charge. Reduction in our net earnings caused by impairment charges could harm our financial results.    We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or investments in joint ventures, or those benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization.  
 Acquisitions and investments have been a component of our historical growth and have enabled us to further broaden and diversify our
product offerings. In making acquisitions or investments, we target companies that we believe offer attractive family entertainment products or offerings and/or the ability for us to leverage our entertainment offerings. In the case of our joint
venture with Discovery, we looked to partner with a company that has shown the ability to establish and operate compelling entertainment channels. Additionally, through our acquisition of a 70% interest in Backflip Studios, we looked to strengthen
our mobile gaming expertise. However, we cannot be certain that the products and offerings of companies we may acquire, or acquire an interest in, will achieve or maintain popularity with consumers in the future or that any such acquired
companies or investments will allow us to more effectively market our products. In some cases, we expect that the integration of the companies that we may acquire into our operations will create production, marketing and other operating synergies
which will produce greater revenue growth and profitability and, where applicable, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other advantages. However, we cannot be certain that these synergies, efficiencies and cost savings will be realized. Even if
achieved, these benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization. In other cases, we may acquire or invest in companies that we believe have strong and creative management, in which case we may plan to operate them more autonomously rather
than fully integrating them into our operations. We cannot be certain that the key talented individuals at these companies would continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they would develop popular and profitable products or services in
the future.    Failure to operate our information systems and implement new technology effectively could disrupt our
business or reduce our sales or profitability.    We rely extensively on various information technology systems and
software applications to manage many aspects of our business, including management of our supply chain, sale and delivery of our products and various other process transactions. We are dependent on the integrity, security and consistent
operations of these systems and related back-up systems. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic events such as
hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, acts of war or terrorism and usage errors by our employees. The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends on these information systems, including our ability to operate
them effectively and to select and implement appropriate upgrades or new technologies and systems and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. The failure of our information systems to perform as designed or our failure to implement and
operate them effectively could disrupt our business, require significant capital investments to remediate a problem or subject us to liability.    If our electronic data is compromised our business could be significantly harmed.    We maintain significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world. This data relates to all aspects of our business and also contains certain customer and consumer data. We
maintain systems and processes designed to protect this data, but notwithstanding such protective measures, there is a risk of intrusion or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data. In addition, we provide
confidential and proprietary information to our third-party business partners in certain cases where doing so is necessary to conduct our business. While we obtain assurances from those parties that they have systems and processes in place to
protect such data, and where applicable, that they will take steps to assure the protections of such data by third parties, nonetheless those partners may also be subject to data intrusion or otherwise compromise the
 
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
protection of such data. Any compromise of the confidential data of our customers, our consumers, or ourselves, failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of this data could disrupt our operations,
damage our reputation, violate applicable laws and regulations and subject us to additional costs and liabilities that could be material.    From time to time, we are involved in litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain and which could entail significant expense.  
 As is the case with many large multinational corporations, we are subject, from time to time, to regulatory investigations, litigation and
arbitration disputes, including potential liability from personal injury or property damage claims by the users of products that have been or may be developed by us. Because the outcome of litigation, arbitration and regulatory investigations is
inherently difficult to predict, it is possible that the outcome of any of these matters could entail significant cost for us and harm our business. The fact that we operate in significant numbers of international markets also increases the risk
that we may face legal and regulatory exposures as we attempt to comply with a large number of varying legal and regulatory requirements. Any successful claim against us could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations.    We have a material amount of goodwill which, if it becomes impaired, would result in a reduction in our net
earnings.    Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net assets we
acquire. Goodwill is not amortized and is required to be periodically evaluated for impairment. At December 29, 2013, $594,321, or 13.5%, of our total assets represented goodwill. Declines in our profitability may impact the fair value of our
reporting units, which could result in a write-down of our goodwill and consequently harm our results of operations.      
 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments.   
 None.      
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties.     Hasbro owns its corporate headquarters in Pawtucket, Rhode Island consisting of approximately 343,000 square feet, which is used by corporate functions as well as the Global Operations and Entertainment
and Licensing segments. The Company also owns an adjacent building consisting of approximately 23,000 square feet and leases a building in East Providence, Rhode Island consisting of approximately 120,000 square feet used by corporate functions.
Hasbro also has a leased facility in Providence, Rhode Island consisting of approximately 136,000 square feet which is used primarily by the U.S. and Canada segment, as well as the Entertainment and Licensing and Global Operations segments. In
addition to the above facilities, the Company also leases office space consisting of approximately 104,200 square feet in Renton, Washington as well as warehouse space aggregating approximately 2,238,000 square feet in Georgia, California, Texas and
Quebec that are also used by the U.S. and Canada segment. The Company also leases approximately 27,000 square feet in Burbank, California and 24,000 square feet in Boulder, Colorado that are used by the Entertainment and Licensing segment.
   The Company owns manufacturing plants in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland used in our Global Operations
segment. The East Longmeadow plant consists of approximately 1,148,000 square feet. The Waterford plant consists of approximately 244,000 square feet. The Global Operations segment also leases an aggregate of 98,000 square feet of office and
warehouse space in Hong Kong as well as approximately 91,000 square feet of office space leased in the People’s Republic of China.    Outside of its United States and Canada facilities, the Company leases or owns property in over 30 countries. The primary locations in the International segment are in the United Kingdom, Mexico, Germany,
France, Spain, Australia, Russia and Brazil, all of which are comprised of both office and warehouse space. In addition, the Company leases offices in Switzerland and the Netherlands which are primarily used in corporate functions.  
 The above properties consist, in general, of brick, cinder block or concrete block buildings which the Company believes are in good
condition and well maintained.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company believes that its facilities are adequate for its needs. The Company believes
that, should it not be able to renew any of the leases related to its leased facilities, it could secure similar substitute properties without a material adverse impact on its operations.  
   
 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings.     The Company has outstanding tax assessments in Mexico relating to the years 2000 through 2007. These tax assessments, which total approximately $249 million in aggregate (at year-end 2013 exchange rates
including interest, penalties, and inflation updates), are based on transfer pricing issues between the Company’s subsidiaries with respect to the Company’s operations in Mexico. The Company has filed suit in the Federal Tribunal of Fiscal
and Administrative Justice in Mexico challenging the 2000 through 2004 assessments. The Company filed the suit related to the 2000 and 2001 assessments in May 2009; the 2002 assessment in June 2008; the 2003 assessment in March 2009; and the 2004
assessment in July 2011. The Company is challenging assessments for 2005 through 2007 through administrative appeals. The Company expects to be successful in sustaining its positions for all of these years. However, in order to challenge the
outstanding tax assessments related to 2000 through 2004 in court, as is usual and customary in Mexico in these matters, the Company was required to either make a deposit or post a bond in the full amount of the assessments. The Company elected to
post bonds and accordingly, as of December 29, 2013, bonds totaling approximately $187 million (at year-end 2013 exchange rates) have been posted related to the assessments for the years 2000 through 2004. These bonds guarantee the full amounts
of the related outstanding tax assessments in the event the Company is not successful in its challenge to them. The Company does not currently expect that it will be required to make a deposit or post a bond related to the 2005 through 2007
assessments as the Company is challenging these through administrative appeals.    In 2013, an inventor brought claims against
the Company based on two license agreements between the parties. One license agreement related to certain products included in the Company’s SUPER SOAKER product line. The other agreement related to certain products included in Hasbro’s
NERF product line. The inventor licensor, Johnson Research (“Johnson”), claimed that the license agreements required the payment of royalties by the Company on a significantly greater number of products in each of those respective product
lines than the Company believed was the case. The claims related to the NERF products were pursued by the licensor in binding arbitration in Atlanta, Georgia, as was required by the license. The licensor made a demand for arbitration in February of
2013, seeking damages related to claimed non-payment of royalties on certain NERF products for the years 2007 through 2012. The licensor’s claims related to the SUPER SOAKER products were not subject to binding arbitration and were the subject
of a separate complaint filed by the licensor in February of 2013 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia.    The arbitration hearing with respect to the NERF claims took place in August of 2013 before a single arbitrator. On October 29, 2013, the arbitrator issued the ruling in the NERF arbitration. The
arbitrator awarded a total of $70.0 million, including damages, interest, fees and expenses, to the licensor. The Company disagreed with the arbitrator’s ruling and filed a motion to vacate the arbitrator’s decision in U.S. District Court
for the District of Rhode Island based on several legal grounds. Prior to a decision, on February 7, 2014, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) with Johnson with respect to all outstanding
litigation and arbitration proceedings between the parties relating to two license agreements involving the Company’s NERF and SUPER SOAKER product lines (the “License Agreements”). Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the
Company has agreed to pay Johnson a reduced amount of $58.04 million and Johnson agreed to release any and all claims arising from or relating to the License Agreements.    We are currently party to certain other legal proceedings, none of which we believe to be material to our business or financial condition.  
   
 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures.     None.  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities.     The Company’s common stock, par value $0.50 per share (the “Common
Stock”), is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “HAS”. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices in the applicable quarters, as reported on the Composite Tape of The NASDAQ Global Select
Market as well as the cash dividends declared per share of Common Stock for the periods listed.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Sales Prices 
   
    
 Cash 
Dividends Declared 
   
 
   Period 
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   1st Quarter 
    
 $ 
 44.14 
    
    
   
 35.00 
    
    
 $ 
 0.40 
    
 
   2nd Quarter 
    
   
 48.97 
    
    
   
 42.57 
    
    
   
 0.40 
    
 
   3rd Quarter 
    
   
 49.75 
    
    
   
 44.69 
    
    
   
 0.40 
    
 
   4th Quarter 
    
   
 54.55 
    
    
   
 45.44 
    
    
   
 0.40 
    
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   1st Quarter 
    
 $ 
 37.70 
    
    
   
 31.51 
    
    
 $ 
 0.36 
    
 
   2nd Quarter 
    
   
 37.55 
    
    
   
 32.00 
    
    
   
 0.36 
    
 
   3rd Quarter 
    
   
 39.98 
    
    
   
 32.29 
    
    
   
 0.36 
    
 
   4th Quarter 
    
   
 39.96 
    
    
   
 34.91 
    
    
   
 0.36 
    
   The approximate number of holders of record of the Company’s Common Stock as of February 20,
2014 was 8,800.    See Part III, Item 12 of this report for the information concerning the Company’s “Equity
Compensation Plans”.    Dividends    Declaration of dividends is at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors and will depend upon the earnings and financial condition of the Company and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deems appropriate.    Issuer Repurchases of Common Stock  
 Repurchases made in the fourth quarter (in whole numbers of shares and dollars)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased 
   
    
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) 
   
    
 (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased
as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
   
    
 (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units)
that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
   


 
   October 2013 9/30/13 — 10/27/13 
    
   
 97,500 
    
    
 $ 
 46.70 
    
    
   
 97,500 
    
    
 $ 
 537,217,703 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   November 2013 10/28/13 — 12/1/13 
    
   
 113,000 
    
    
 $ 
 52.34 
    
    
   
 113,000 
    
    
 $ 
 531,303,532 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   December 2013 12/2/13 — 12/29/13 
    
   
 123,500 
    
    
 $ 
 52.48 
    
    
   
 123,500 
    
    
 $ 
 524,822,141 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 334,000 
    
    
 $ 
 50.75 
    
    
   
 334,000 
    
    
 $ 
 524,822,141 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  On May 19, 2011, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the
repurchase of $500 million in common stock. Additionally, on August 1, 2013, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $500 million in common stock. Purchases of the Company’s common stock
may be made from time to time, subject to market conditions. These shares may be repurchased in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company has no obligation to repurchase shares under the authorization, and the timing,
actual number, and value of the shares that are repurchased, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including the price of the Company’s stock. The Company may suspend or discontinue the program at any time and there is no expiration date.
     
 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data.   
 (Thousands of dollars and shares except per share data and ratios)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fiscal Year 
   
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
 2010 
   
   
 2009 
   


 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
   
 $ 
 4,082,157 
    
   
   
 4,088,983 
    
   
   
 4,285,589 
    
   
   
 4,002,161 
    
   
   
 4,067,947 
    
 
   Net earnings 
   
 $ 
 283,928 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
   
   
 385,367 
    
   
   
 397,752 
    
   
   
 374,930 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
 $ 
 (2,270 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 286,198 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
   
   
 385,367 
    
   
   
 397,752 
    
   
   
 374,930 
    
 
   Per Common Share Data: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Earnings Attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 2.20 
    
   
   
 2.58 
    
   
   
 2.88 
    
   
   
 2.86 
    
   
   
 2.69 
    
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 2.17 
    
   
   
 2.55 
    
   
   
 2.82 
    
   
   
 2.74 
    
   
   
 2.48 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared 
   
 $ 
 1.60 
    
   
   
 1.44 
    
   
   
 1.20 
    
   
   
 1.00 
    
   
   
 0.80 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets Data: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 4,402,267 
    
   
   
 4,325,387 
    
   
   
 4,130,774 
    
   
   
 4,093,226 
    
   
   
 3,896,892 
    
 
   Total long-term debt(1) 
   
 $ 
 1,388,285 
    
   
   
 1,396,421 
    
   
   
 1,400,872 
    
   
   
 1,397,681 
    
   
   
 1,131,998 
    
 
   Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges(2) 
   
   
 3.94 
    
   
   
 5.31 
    
   
   
 5.71 
    
   
   
 6.38 
    
   
   
 7.91 
    
 
   Weighted Average Number of Common Shares: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 130,186 
    
   
   
 130,067 
    
   
   
 133,823 
    
   
   
 139,079 
    
   
   
 139,487 
    
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 131,788 
    
   
   
 131,926 
    
   
   
 136,697 
    
   
   
 145,670 
    
   
   
 152,780 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes amounts reported as current portion of long-term debt.  
 
 
 (2) 
 For purposes of calculating the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, fixed charges include interest expense and one-third of rentals; earnings available for fixed
charges represent earnings before income taxes, less the Company’s share of earnings (losses) from equity investees plus fixed charges.    See “Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results” contained in Item 1A of this report for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may affect future
results. Also see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Item 7 of this report for a discussion of factors affecting the comparability of information contained in this
Item 6.  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .
   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Company included in Part II Item 8 of this document.    This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements concerning the Company’s expectations and beliefs. See Item 1A “Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results” for a
discussion of other uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.    Unless otherwise specifically
indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in thousands of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.    EXECUTIVE
SUMMARY    Hasbro, Inc. (“Hasbro” or the “Company”) is a branded-play company dedicated to fulfilling
the fundamental need for play for children and families through creative expression of the Company’s world class brand portfolio. From toys and games, to television programming, motion pictures, digital gaming and a comprehensive licensing
program, Hasbro applies its brand blueprint to its broad portfolio of properties. The brand blueprint revolves around the objectives of continuously re-imagining, re-inventing and re-igniting the Company’s existing brands, imagining,
inventing and igniting new brands, and offering consumers the ability to experience the Company’s brands in all areas of their lives.    To accomplish these objectives, the Company offers consumers the ability to experience its branded play through innovative toys and games, digital media, lifestyle licensing and publishing and
entertainment, including television programming and motion pictures. The Company’s focus remains on growing owned and controlled brands, developing new and innovative products and brands which respond to market insights, offering entertainment
experiences which allow consumers to experience the Company’s brands across multiple forms and formats, and optimizing efficiencies within the Company to increase operating margins and maintain a strong balance sheet.  
 The Company earns revenue and generates cash primarily through the sale of a broad variety of toy and game products and distribution of
television programming based on the Company’s properties, as well as through the out-licensing of rights for use of its properties in connection with complementary products, including digital media and games and lifestyle products, offered by
third parties, or in certain situations, toy products where the Company considers the out-licensing of brands to be more effective. The Company’s brand architecture includes franchise brands, key partner brands, challenger brands, gaming mega
brands and new brands. The Company’s franchise and challenger brands represent Company-owned brands or brands which if not entirely owned, are broadly controlled by the Company, and which have been successful over the long term. Franchise
brands are the Company’s most significant owned or controlled brands which it believes have the ability to deliver significant revenue over the long-term. Challenger brands are brands which have not yet achieved franchise brand status, but
have the potential to do so with investment and time. The Company’s franchise brands are LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, while challenger brands include BABY ALIVE, FURBY,
FURREAL FRIENDS, and PLAYSKOOL. The Company has a large portfolio of owned and controlled brands, which can be introduced in new forms and formats over time. These brands may also be further extended by pairing a licensed concept with an owned or
controlled brand. By focusing on these brands, the Company is working to build a more consistent revenue stream and basis for future growth, and to leverage profitability. During 2013 net revenues from the Company’s franchise brands increased
by 15% and totaled 44% of total consolidated net revenues.    The Company’s innovative product offerings encompass a broad
variety of toys including boys’ action figures, vehicles and playsets, girls’ toys, electronic toys, plush products, preschool toys and infant products, electronic interactive products, creative play and toy-related specialty
products. Games offerings include boys’ action, board, off-the-board, digital, card, electronic, trading card and role-playing games.    While the Company believes it has built a more sustainable revenue base by developing and maintaining its owned or controlled brands and avoiding reliance on licensed entertainment properties, it
continues to opportunistically enter into or leverage existing strategic licenses which complement its brands and key strengths  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
and allow the Company to offer innovative products based on movie, television, music and other entertainment properties owned by third parties. The Company’s primary licenses include its
agreements with Marvel Characters B.V. (“Marvel”) for characters in the Marvel universe, including SPIDER-MAN and THE AVENGERS; Lucas Licensing, Ltd. (“Lucas”), related to the STAR WARS brand; Sesame Workshop, related to the
SESAME STREET characters and Rovio Entertainment Ltd. related to the ANGRY BIRDS brand. Both Marvel and Lucas are owned by The Walt Disney Company (“Disney”). Sales of MARVEL products are dependent upon the number and type of theatrical
releases in any given year. In 2013, the Company and Disney amended both the Marvel and Lucas agreements which extended the term of the license for Marvel characters through 2020 and provides additional guaranteed royalty payments with respect to
both MARVEL and STAR WARS products in anticipation of expected future motion pictures and other related entertainment through 2020. In 2013, the Company had sales of MARVEL products related to the May 2013 release of  IRON MAN 3;  however,
these sales were not as significant as those sales of products in 2012 related to the theatrical releases of  MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS  and  THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN.  During 2014 the Company will market products related to three planned
theatrical motion picture releases based on MARVEL properties,  CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER, THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2,  and  GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY.  The Company re-introduced BEYBLADE products, another licensed entertainment
property, during the second half of 2010 and had significant sales in both 2011 and 2012. Sales of BEYBLADE products experienced an expected decline in 2013. In addition to offering products based on licensed entertainment properties, the Company
also offers products which are licensed from outside inventors.    The Company also seeks to build all-encompassing brand
experiences and drive product-related revenues by increasing the visibility of its brands through entertainment such as motion pictures and television programming. Since 2007, the Company has had a number of motion pictures based on its brands
released by major motion picture studios including three motion pictures based on its TRANSFORMERS brand, two motion picture based on its G.I. JOE brand and one motion picture based on its gaming mega brand, BATTLESHIP. The Company developed and
marketed product lines based on these motion pictures. The next motion picture,  TRANSFORMERS: AGE OF EXTINCTION,  based on the Company’s TRANSFORMERS brand is scheduled to be released in June of 2014 by Paramount Pictures.  
 In addition to using motion pictures to provide entertainment experiences for its brands, the Company has an internal wholly-owned
production studio, Hasbro Studios, which is responsible for the creation and development of television programming based primarily on Hasbro’s brands. This programming is currently aired in markets throughout the world. The Company is a 50%
partner in a joint venture with Discovery Communications, Inc. (“Discovery”) which runs Hub Television Network, LLC (“Hub Network”), a cable television network in the United States dedicated to high-quality children’s and
family entertainment. Programming on Hub Network includes content based on Hasbro’s brands as well as programming acquired from third parties. Hasbro Studios programming is distributed domestically to Hub Network, internationally to
broadcasters and cable networks and on various digital platforms including Netflix and iTunes. The Company’s television initiatives support its strategy of growing its brands well beyond traditional toys and games and providing entertainment
experiences for consumers of all ages in any form or format.    The Company’s strategic blueprint and brand architecture
also focus on extending its brands further into digital media and gaming, including through the licensing of the Company’s properties to a number of partners who develop and offer digital games and other gaming experiences based on those
brands. One example of these digital gaming relationships is the Company’s agreement with Electronic Arts Inc. (“EA”) under which EA has the rights to develop eight of Hasbro’s best-selling gaming brands for mobile platforms
globally. Similarly, the Company has an agreement with Activision under which Activision offers digital games based on the TRANSFORMERS brand, as well as with other third-party digital gaming companies, including DeNA and GameLoft.  
 Furthermore, on July 8, 2013, the Company acquired a 70% majority stake in Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”), a mobile
game developer based in Boulder, Colorado. Backflip’s product offerings include games for tablets and mobile devices including DRAGONVALE, NINJUMP and PAPER TOSS. In 2014 and beyond, Backflip intends to focus on its existing product lines and
launch new games, including those based on Hasbro brands.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company also seeks to express its brands through its lifestyle licensing business. Under
its lifestyle licensing programs, the Company enters into relationships with a broad spectrum of apparel, food, bedding and other lifestyle products companies for the global marketing and distribution of licensed products based on the Company’s
brands. These relationships further broaden and amplify the consumer’s ability to experience the Company’s brands.  
 As the Company seeks to grow its business in entertainment, licensing and digital gaming, the Company will continue to evaluate strategic
alliances and acquisitions, like Backflip, which may complement its current product offerings, allow it entry into an area which is adjacent to or complementary to the toy and game business, or allow it to further develop awareness of its brands and
expand the ability of consumers to experience its brands in different forms and formats.    During the fourth quarter of 2012 the
Company announced a multi-year cost savings initiative in which it targets annual cost reductions of $100,000 by the end of 2015. This plan included an approximate 10% workforce reduction, facility consolidations and process improvements which
reduce redundancy and increase efficiencies. During 2013, the Company incurred restructuring and related pension charges of $43,702 and product-related charges of $19,736 related to this plan in addition to charges of $36,046 recognized during
the fourth quarter of 2012. For the full year 2013, the Company recognized gross cost savings, before restructuring costs, from these actions of approximately $50,000. These savings are prior to other costs which have or are anticipated to increase
in 2013 and in future years, such as compensation costs and other investments in certain components of the business.    The
Company’s business is highly seasonal with a significant amount of revenues occurring in the second half of the year. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, the second half of the year accounted for 65%, 64% and 63% of the Company’s net revenues,
respectively.    The Company sells its products both within the United States and in a number of international markets. In recent
years, the Company’s international net revenues have experienced growth as the Company has sought to increase its international presence. Net revenues of the Company’s International segment represented 46%, 44% and 43% of total net
revenues in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Company has driven international growth by opportunistically opening offices in certain markets, primarily emerging markets, to develop a greater presence. Emerging markets offer greater opportunity
for revenue growth than in developed economies which have faced challenging economic environments in recent years. In 2013 and 2012, net revenues from emerging markets increased by 25% and 16%, respectively, and represented more than 10% of
consolidated net revenues in each of these years.    The Company’s business is separated into three principal business
segments, U.S. and Canada, International and Entertainment and Licensing. The U.S. and Canada segment develops, markets and sells both toy and game products in the United States and Canada. The International segment consists of the Company’s
European, Asia Pacific and Latin and South American toy and game marketing and sales operations. The Company’s Entertainment and Licensing segment includes the Company’s lifestyle licensing, digital licensing and gaming, movie and
television entertainment operations. In addition to these three primary segments, the Company’s world-wide manufacturing and product sourcing operations are managed through its Global Operations segment.  
 The Company is committed to returning excess cash to its shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. As part of this initiative,
from 2005 through 2013, the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) adopted seven successive share repurchase authorizations with a cumulative authorized repurchase amount of $3,325,000. The seventh authorization was approved in
August 2013 for $500,000. At December 29, 2013, the Company had $524,822 remaining available under theses authorizations. During the three years ended 2013, the Company spent a total of $625,554, to repurchase 15,424 shares in the open market.
The Company intends to, at its discretion, opportunistically repurchase shares in the future subject to market conditions, the Company’s other potential uses of cash and the Company’s levels of cash generation. In addition to the share
repurchase program, the Company also seeks to return excess cash through the payment of quarterly dividends. In February 2014 the Company’s Board increased the Company’s quarterly dividend rate to $0.43 per share, an 8% increase from the
prior year quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share. This was the tenth dividend increase in the previous 11 years. During that period, the Company has increased its quarterly cash dividend from $0.03 to $0.43 per share.  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Summary    The components of the results of operations, stated as a percent of net revenues, are illustrated below for the three fiscal years ended December 29, 2013.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net revenues 
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Costs and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 41.0 
    
   
   
 40.9 
    
   
   
 42.8 
    
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 8.3 
    
   
   
 7.4 
    
   
   
 7.9 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 5.1 
    
   
   
 4.9 
    
   
   
 4.6 
    
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 9.8 
    
   
   
 10.3 
    
   
   
 9.7 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 1.9 
    
   
   
 1.3 
    
   
   
 1.1 
    
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 1.2 
    
   
   
 1.0 
    
   
   
 0.8 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 21.3 
    
   
   
 20.7 
    
   
   
 19.2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 11.4 
    
   
   
 13.5 
    
   
   
 13.9 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 2.6 
    
   
   
 2.2 
    
   
   
 2.1 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
   Other (income) expense, net 
    
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 8.6 
    
   
   
 11.1 
    
   
   
 11.4 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 1.6 
    
   
   
 2.9 
    
   
   
 2.4 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 7.0 
    
   
   
 8.2 
    
   
   
 9.0 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 7.0 
 %  
   
   
 8.2 
 %  
   
   
 9.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Results of Operations    The fiscal years ended December 29, 2013 and December 25, 2011 were each fifty-two week periods while the fiscal year ended December 30, 2012 was a fifty-three week period.  
 Net earnings, including the impact of noncontrolling interests in Backflip, for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 were
$283,928. Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013 were $286,198, or $2.17 per diluted share. This compares to net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. for fiscal 2012 and 2011 of $335,999, or $2.55
per diluted share and $385,367, or $2.82 per diluted share, respectively. Net earnings and diluted earnings per share for each fiscal year in the three years ended December 29, 2013 include certain charges and benefits as described below.
   During 2013, the Company was involved in a dispute with an inventor related to the contractual interpretation of which
products are subject to payment of royalties under a license agreement between the inventor and the Company which was adjudicated in binding arbitration. The arbitrator ultimately issued a ruling which awarded $70,046, including damages, interest,
fees and expenses to the inventor. In February 2014, the Company and the inventor settled claims arising from or relating to this license agreement and a license agreement between the parties relating to the Company’s SUPER SOAKER product line
for $58,040. For the year ended December 29, 2013, the Company recognized a charge, net of tax, related to the settlement of this arbitration award totaling $53,053, or $0.40 per diluted share.  
 Net earnings for 2013 also includes restructuring and related pension charges, net of tax, of $30,877, or $0.23 per diluted share, related
to the multi-year cost savings initiative announced during the fourth quarter of 2012. During 2013 the Company also recognized product-related charges, net of tax, of $25,895, or $0.20 per diluted share, related to the exit from certain
non-strategic brands. Net earnings for 2013 were also positively impacted by a favorable tax benefit of $23,637, or $0.18 per diluted share, related to the settlement of certain tax exams in the United States.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net earnings for 2012 includes an unfavorable impact of $32,762, or $0.26 per diluted share,
resulting from restructuring charges related to cost savings initiatives announced during the first and fourth quarters of 2012. Net earnings for 2011 includes an unfavorable impact of $9,178, or $0.07 per diluted share, resulting from costs
associated with the reorganization of the Company’s games business announced during the second quarter of 2011. Net earnings for 2011 also includes a $0.15 per diluted share favorable tax benefit resulting from the settlement of tax
examinations.    In July 2013 the Company acquired a 70% majority interest in Backflip. The Company is consolidating the
financial results of Backflip in its consolidated financial statements and, accordingly, reported revenues, costs and expenses, assets and liabilities, and cash flows include 100% of Backflip, with the 30% noncontrolling interests share reported as
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of operations, and redeemable noncontrolling interests on the consolidated balance sheets. The results of operations for the year ended December 29, 2013 include
the operations of Backflip from the acquisition closing date of July 8, 2013 and are reported in the Entertainment and Licensing segment.    Consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 29, 2013 were $4,082,157 compared to $4,088,983 in 2012 and $4,285,589 in 2011. Most of the Company’s net revenues and operating profits
were derived from its three principal segments: the U.S. and Canada segment, the International segment and the Entertainment and Licensing segment, which are discussed in detail below. Consolidated net revenues in 2013 and 2012 were impacted by
favorable/(unfavorable) foreign currency translation of approximately $3,700 and $(98,500), respectively. The following table presents net revenues by product category for the years ended December 29, 2013, December 30, 2012 and
December 25, 2011.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Boys 
    
 $ 
 1,237,611 
    
    
   
 (22 
 )%  
   
   
 1,577,010 
    
    
   
 (13 
 )%  
   
   
 1,821,544 
    
 
   Games 
    
   
 1,311,205 
    
    
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 1,192,090 
    
    
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 1,169,672 
    
 
   Girls 
    
   
 1,001,704 
    
    
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 792,292 
    
    
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 741,394 
    
 
   Preschool 
    
   
 531,637 
    
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 527,591 
    
    
   
 (5 
 )%  
   
   
 552,979 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Net Revenues 
    
 $ 
 4,082,157 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 4,088,983 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 4,285,589 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   For the year ended December 29, 2013, decreased net revenues in boys category were almost wholly
offset by increases in the games, girls and preschool categories. For the year ended December 30, 2012, decreased net revenues in the boys and preschool categories were partially offset by increases in the girls and games categories.
   BOYS:  Net revenues in the boys’ category decreased 22% in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily as a result of lower
net sales of products related to the key licensed brands BEYBLADE, MARVEL and, to a lesser extent, STAR WARS. In 2012, net revenues benefited from higher sales of MARVEL products based on the theatrical releases of  MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS
 and  THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN.  During 2013, the Company’s MARVEL sales were primarily related to the theatrical release of  IRON MAN 3 . The Company’s franchise brands, TRANSFORMERS and NERF, experienced moderate growth in
2013 compared to 2012 as a result of successful television programming and product innovation. Net revenues in the boys’ category decreased 13% in 2012 compared to 2011 as a result of lower net revenues from TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE
products, which were partially offset by higher sales of MARVEL products, primarily due to sales of products based on the aforementioned theatrical releases. In 2011, TRANSFORMERS net revenues were positively impacted by the theatrical release of
 TRANSFORMERS: DARK OF THE MOON  in June 2011. Also, 2011 marked the first full year of sales of BEYBLADE products, which were re-introduced during the second half of 2010.  
 GAMES:  Net revenues in the games category increased 10% in 2013 compared to 2012. Several brands contributed to this growth
including, but not limited to, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, JENGA, including sales of products co-branded under ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS, ELEFUN & FRIENDS, MONOPOLY, including the introduction of MONOPOLY EMPIRE products, DUEL MASTERS, and TWISTER,
including TWISTER RAVE. These higher net revenues were partially offset by lower net revenues from other game brands, including BATTLESHIP and SCRABBLE. Net revenues increased 2% in 2012 compared to 2011 as a result of higher net
 
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
revenues from MAGIC: THE GATHERING, BATTLESHIP and TWISTER, as well as the introduction of boys’ action gaming products, which included STAR WARS FIGHTER PODS, ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS and
TRANSFORMERS BOT SHOTS. These higher net revenues were partially offset by lower net revenues from other game brands, including SCRABBLE, CONNECT 4 and YAHTZEE.    GIRLS:  Net revenues in the girls’ category increased 26% in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily related to higher net revenues from MY LITTLE PONY, FURBY and NERF REBELLE products. Net revenues
from MY LITTLE PONY products have gained momentum with support from the successful television program,  MY LITTLE PONY: FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC,  as well as the third quarter 2013 introduction of MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS fashion doll products
which was supported by the release of an animated movie in summer of 2013. Also, 2013 was the first full year of net revenues from FURBY products including the introduction of FURBY in non-English speaking markets. Lastly, NERF REBELLE, a line
of action performance products, was successfully launched during the second half of 2013. These higher net revenues were partially offset by lower net revenues from LITTLEST PET SHOP and FURREAL FRIENDS products. Net revenues in the girls’
category increased 7% in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily due to new initiatives including the introduction of FURBY in English-speaking markets as well as ONE DIRECTION products. Higher net revenues from MY LITTLE PONY products, supported by
the aforementioned television programming, also contributed to growth in the girls’ category. These higher net revenues were partially offset by decreased net revenues from LITTLEST PET SHOP, FURREAL FRIENDS and STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE products.
   PRESCHOOL:  Net revenues in the preschool category increased 1% in 2013 compared to 2012. Higher net revenues from
PLAY-DOH, PLAYSKOOL HEROES, specifically TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS, and SESAME STREET, including BIG HUGS ELMO, products were almost wholly offset by lower net revenues from TONKA and PLAYSKOOL products. In 2013, the Company elected to out-license
the distribution of TONKA products to a third-party, thereby earning licensing revenue in 2013 compared to wholesale revenue in 2012. Net revenues in the preschool category decreased 5% in 2012 compared to 2011. Increased net revenues from PLAY-DOH
were more than offset by declines in SESAME STREET and TONKA products.    The following table presents net revenues and operating
profit data for the Company’s three principal segments for 2013, 2012 and 2011.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net Revenues 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,006,079 
    
    
   
 (5 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 2,116,297 
    
    
   
 (6 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 2,253,458 
    
 
   International 
    
 $ 
 1,872,980 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,782,119 
    
    
   
 (4 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 1,861,901 
    
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
 $ 
 190,955 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 181,430 
    
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
 $ 
 162,233 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating Profit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 313,746 
    
    
   
 (2 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 319,072 
    
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
 $ 
 278,356 
    
 
   International 
    
 $ 
 235,482 
    
    
   
 9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 215,489 
    
    
   
 (20 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 270,578 
    
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
 $ 
 45,476 
    
    
   
 (15 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 53,191 
    
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
 $ 
 42,784 
    
   U.S. and Canada    U.S. and Canada segment net revenues for the year ended December 29, 2013 decreased 5% compared to 2012 and 6% in 2012 compared to 2011. The impact of currency translation was not material in 2013
and 2012. Lower net revenues in 2013 were partially due to continued challenging economic conditions which resulted in lower consumer spending; however, the U.S. and Canada Segment did achieve growth in franchise brands in 2013. In 2013 and
2012, lower net revenues from boys and preschool products were only partially offset by higher net revenues from girls and games products.  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In the boys’ category, lower sales of MARVEL, BEYBLADE and STAR WARS products in 2013
compared to 2012 more than offset slightly higher net revenues from NERF and TRANSFORMERS products. In 2012, higher sales of MARVEL products, particularly entertainment-based products related to THE AVENGERS and SPIDER-MAN, compared to 2011 were
more than offset by lower net revenues from TRANSFORMERS, STAR WARS, BEYBLADE and NERF products. 2011 TRANSFORMERS revenues were positively impacted by the movie release.    In the games category, higher net revenues from MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, ELEFUN & FRIENDS, DUEL MASTERS, JENGA, OPERATION and TWISTER products in 2013 compared to 2012 more than offset
lower net revenues from other traditional board games. In 2012, higher net revenues from MAGIC: THE GATHERING, TWISTER, BATTLESHIP and boys’ action gaming products, primarily STAR WARS and TRANSFORMERS products, were partially offset by lower
net revenues from other game brands.    In the girls’ category, higher net revenues from MY LITTLE PONY products along with
the introduction of NERF REBELLE products contributed to the category’s growth in 2013. This growth was only partially offset by lower net revenues from LITTLEST PET SHOP, ONE DIRECTION, BABY ALIVE and FURBY products. In 2012, higher net
revenues from MY LITTLE PONY and EASY BAKE products as well as the introduction of FURBY and ONE DIRECTION products contributed to growth in the girls’ category. These increases were partially offset by lower net revenues from FURREAL FRIENDS,
STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE, LITTLEST PET SHOP and BABY ALIVE products in 2012.    In the preschool category, higher net revenues from
SESAME STREET, PLAY-DOH and PLAYSKOOL HEROES products, primarily related to the TRANSFORMERS brand, were more than offset by lower net revenues from PLAYSKOOL and TONKA products. In 2012, increased net revenues from PLAYSKOOL HEROES, primarily
related to MARVEL characters, and to a lesser extent higher net revenues from PLAY-DOH products, were more than offset by decreased sales of SESAME STREET and TONKA products.    U.S. and Canada operating profit decreased 2% in 2013 compared to 2012 and increased 15% in 2012 compared to 2011. Operating profit margin improved to 15.6% in 2013 compared to 15.1% in 2012. Operating
profit for the year ended December 30, 2012 includes restructuring charges of $2,444. Absent these charges, operating profit margin was 15.2% in 2012. Operating profit decreased in dollars as a result of the impact of lower net revenues and, to
a lesser extent, higher product development and selling, distribution and administration expenses partially offset by lower advertising expense. Operating profit margin increased as a result of improved product mix and lower advertising expense as a
percentage of net revenues partially offset by higher product development and selling, distribution and administration expenses as a percentage of net revenues. Operating profit margin improved to 15.1% in 2012 compared to 12.4% in 2011. The
increase in operating profit and margin was primarily the result of product mix as well as improved inventory management, which resulted in lower inventory obsolescence costs in 2012 compared to 2011. Changes in product mix included a reduced impact
from closeout sales in 2012 compared to 2011. Foreign currency translation did not have a material impact on U.S. and Canada operating profit in 2013 or 2012.    International    International segment net revenues for the year ended
December 29, 2013 increased 5% compared to 2012 while net revenues for the year ended December 30, 2012 decreased 4% compared to 2011. In 2013 and 2012, net revenues were impacted by favorable/(unfavorable) currency translation of
approximately $7,000 and $(98,000), respectively, as a result of fluctuations in the U.S. dollar. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, net revenues for 2013 and 2012 increased 5% and 1%, respectively, compared to prior years.  
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table presents net revenues by geographic region for the Company’s
International segment for 2013, 2012 and 2011.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2012 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Europe 
    
 $ 
 1,190,350 
    
    
   
 3 
 %  
   
   
 1,154,310 
    
    
   
 (8 
 )%  
   
   
 1,254,427 
    
 
   Latin America 
    
   
 407,710 
    
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 362,689 
    
    
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 334,887 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 274,920 
    
    
   
 4 
 %  
   
   
 265,120 
    
    
   
 (3 
 )%  
   
   
 272,587 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,872,980 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 1,782,119 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 1,861,901 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   In 2013, a positive impact from currency translation of approximately $27,400 for Europe was partially
offset by a negative impact from currency translation of approximately $14,400 and $6,000 for the Latin America and Asia Pacific regions, respectively. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, 2013 net revenues grew 1%, 16% and 6% for Europe, Latin
America and Asia Pacific, respectively, compared to 2012. Growth in International segment net revenues in 2013 was primarily driven by growth in emerging markets, including Russia, Brazil and China. Net revenues in emerging markets increased 25% in
2013 compared to 2012, and were partially offset by lower net revenues in certain developed markets including Australia, France and the United Kingdom. In 2012, a negative impact from currency translation of $79,100 and $20,000 for Europe and Latin
America, respectively, in addition to challenging economic environments in certain developed economies contributed to the overall decline in net revenues for the segment. Currency translation did not have a material impact on net revenues for the
Asia Pacific region in 2012. In 2012, net revenues in Latin America increased 14% and net revenues in Europe decreased 2% compared to 2011, absent the impact of foreign exchange. Net revenues in emerging international markets, including Brazil,
Russia and Colombia, increased 16% in 2012 compared to 2011.    By product category, growth in the games, girls’ and
preschool categories in 2013 was partially offset by lower net revenues in the boys’ category. In 2012, the decrease in net revenues was predominantly the result of lower net revenues from boys’ products and marginally lower net revenues
from games and girls products while net revenues from preschool products were flat for the year.    In the boys’ category,
lower sales of BEYBLADE, MARVEL, STAR WARS and KRE-O products in 2013 were partially offset by higher net revenues from TRANSFROMERS and NERF products. In 2012, higher net revenues from MARVEL, particularly entertainment-based products related to
THE AVENGERS and SPIDER-MAN, and STAR WARS products in 2012 compared to 2011 were more than offset by lower net revenues from BEYBLADE and TRANSFORMERS products.    In the games category, higher net revenues from MAGIC: THE GATHERING, JENGA, TWISTER, ELEFUN & FRIENDS and action battling gaming products in 2013 compared to 2012 were partially offset by lower
net revenues from other game brands. In 2012, higher net revenues from boys’ action gaming products, primarily related to STAR WARS and TRANSFORMERS brands, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, TWISTER and BATTLESHIP products in 2012 compared to 2011 were
more than offset by decreased net revenues from other game brands.    The girls’ category grew approximately 47% in 2013
compared to 2012 attributable to higher net revenues from MY LITTLE PONY products as well as the introduction of FURBY products in non-English speaking markets and NERF REBELLE products. This growth was partially offset by lower net revenues from
LITTLEST PET SHOP and FURREAL FRIENDS products. In 2012, higher net revenues from MY LITTLE PONY compared to 2011 as well as the introduction of FURBY products were more than offset by lower net revenues from LITTLEST PET SHOP and FURREAL FRIENDS
products. FURBY products were introduced in English-speaking markets in 2012 and globally in 2013.    In the preschool category,
higher net revenues from PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS products in 2013 were partially offset by lower net revenues from TONKA and SESAME STREET products. In 2012, net revenues in the preschool category were flat compared to 2011. Increased net revenues
from PLAYSKOOL  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
HEROES products, primarily MARVEL-related, and PLAY-DOH products were wholly offset by decreased net revenues from PLAYSKOOL and SESAME STREET products.  
 International segment operating profit increased 9% in 2013 compared to 2012 and decreased 20% in 2012 compared to 2011. Operating profit
margin increased to 12.6% of net revenues in 2013 from 12.1% of net revenues in 2012 and decreased in 2012 from 14.5% of net revenues in 2011. Operating profit for the International segment in 2013 and 2012 was impacted by approximately $4,700 and
$(11,900), respectively, due to the favorable/(unfavorable) impact from translation of foreign currencies to the U.S. dollar. Operating profit for the year ended December 30, 2012 includes restructuring charges of $1,628. Excluding the impact
of restructuring charges, the operating profit margin in 2012 was 12.2%. In 2013, operating profit and margins improved primarily due to higher net revenues discussed above. While most operating expenses increased in dollars, they decreased as a
percent of net revenues. In 2012, decreases in operating profit and operating profit margin were primarily due to lower net revenues discussed above in addition to higher selling, distribution and administration expenses. Higher cost of sales as a
percentage of net revenues was partially offset by lower royalty expense as a result of the mix of entertainment-based and non-entertainment based product sales. Further, the decline in operating profit margin in 2012 compared to 2011 reflects the
change in geographical mix of net revenues, with a higher percentage coming from emerging markets, which currently have lower operating profit margins than the Company has in developed markets.  
 Entertainment and Licensing    Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 5% in 2013 compared to 2012 and 12% in 2012 compared to 2011. Increased net revenues in 2013 compared to 2012 is predominately the result of
investment to grow the Company’s global licensing organization, particularly lifestyle licensing, and expand into emerging markets as well as diversification in strategic digital gaming partnerships including the acquisition of a majority stake
in Backflip. These higher net revenues were partially offset by lower net revenues from distribution of television programming, specifically digital distribution, as 2012 net revenues include the initial distribution of Hasbro Studios television
programming libraries to Netflix. Higher net revenues in 2012 compared to 2011 were primarily due to the sale and distribution of television programming which included global television distribution, digital distribution and home entertainment,
partially offset by decreased net revenues from lifestyle licensing primarily relating to lower TRANSFORMERS movie-related licensing revenues.    Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit decreased 15% in 2013 compared to 2012 and increased 24% in 2012 compared to 2011. Operating profit for 2013 and 2012 includes restructuring charges of
$1,729 and $555, respectively. Excluding restructuring charges, increased operating profit from lifestyle and digital gaming licensing was offset by operating losses from entertainment and the addition of Backflip. Operating profit for 2013 includes
an approximate $7,600 operating loss for Backflip, primarily due to amortization of acquired intangibles. In 2012, higher net revenues from television programming distribution directly contributed to an increased operating profit.  
 Other Segments and Corporate and Eliminations    In the Global Operations segment, an operating profit of $6,712 in 2013 compared to operating losses of $15,964 and $7,948 in 2012 and 2011, respectively. The operating loss in 2012 included
severance costs of $4,307 associated with restructuring activities. The improvement in operating results in the Global Operations segment is primarily due to improvements made in owned manufacturing facilities and expense reductions associated with
restructuring activities.    In Corporate and Eliminations, operating losses of $134,323 and $20,003 in 2013 and 2012,
respectively, compared to operating profit of $10,211 in 2011. Corporate and Eliminations includes restructuring and related pension charges of $41,973 for the year ended December 29, 2013 and restructuring charges of $38,242 and $14,385
for the years ended December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011, respectively. The Corporate and  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Eliminations operating loss during the year ended December 29, 2013 also included charges of $46,050 related to the settlement of an adverse arbitration award and $40,587 in other
product-related charges. Lastly, the 2013 operating loss also includes a charge related to the write-off of early film development costs associated with films that had not yet moved to production.  
 Operating Expenses    The Company’s operating expenses, stated as percentages of net revenues, are illustrated below for the three fiscal years ended December 29, 2013:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 41.0 
 %  
   
   
 40.9 
 %  
   
   
 42.8 
 %  
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 8.3 
    
   
   
 7.4 
    
   
   
 7.9 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 5.1 
    
   
   
 4.9 
    
   
   
 4.6 
    
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 9.8 
    
   
   
 10.3 
    
   
   
 9.7 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 1.9 
    
   
   
 1.3 
    
   
   
 1.1 
    
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 1.2 
    
   
   
 1.0 
    
   
   
 0.8 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 21.3 
    
   
   
 20.7 
    
   
   
 19.2 
    
   Operating expenses for 2013, 2012 and 2011 include expenses related to the following events:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In February 2014, the Company settled outstanding disputes with an inventor related to the contractual interpretation of which products are subject to
payment of royalties under two license agreements between the inventor and the Company relating to the Company’s NERF and SUPER SOAKER product lines. As a result, the Company has recorded a total charge of $61,140, of which $42,950 and
$3,100 were recorded to royalties and selling, distribution and administration expense, respectively, for the year ended December 29, 2013. A portion of this total charge was also recorded to interest expense which is discussed below.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the fourth quarter of 2012, the Company announced a multi-year cost savings initiative which targets $100,000 in annual savings by the end of
2015, prior to other costs which have or are anticipated to increase in 2014 as well as in future years. This initiative included an approximate 10% workforce reduction, facility consolidations and process improvements. The Company recognized
charges totaling $36,710 and $36,046 for the years ended December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, respectively, primarily related to employee severance charges, which impacted cost of sales, product development and selling, distribution
and administration expenses. Furthermore, the Company also recognized pension curtailment and settlement charges in the amount of $6,993 in selling, distribution and administration expense during the year ended December 29, 2013.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company decided to exit certain brands which were non-core to its franchise brand strategy. Certain of these
brands related to prior acquisitions and had intangible assets, resulting in a write-off of these intangibles of $19,736, which have been recorded to amortization of intangibles for the year ended December 29, 2013.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the fourth quarter of 2013 the Company amended its license agreement with Zynga which resulted in additional royalty expense of $20,851.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In the first quarter of 2012 the Company incurred employee severance charges of $11,130 associated with measures to right size certain businesses and
functions. These charges impacted cost of sales, product development and selling, distribution and administration expense for the year ended December 30, 2012.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In 2011, the Company incurred costs of $14,385 associated with establishing Hasbro’s Gaming Center of Excellence. These charges impacted product
development and selling, distribution and administration charges for the year ended December 25, 2011.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In total, these expenses were recorded to the consolidated statements of operations as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 10,154 
    
    
   
 2,764 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 63,801 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 4,101 
    
    
   
 10,949 
    
    
   
 6,744 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 19,736 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 32,547 
    
    
   
 33,463 
    
    
   
 7,641 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 130,339 
    
    
   
 47,176 
    
    
   
 14,385 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Cost of sales primarily consists of purchased materials, labor, manufacturing overheads and other
inventory-related costs such as obsolescence. Cost of sales increased to $1,672,901, or 41.0% of net revenues, for the year ended December 29, 2013 from $1,671,980, or 40.9% of net revenues, for the year ended December 30, 2012. Absent the
impact of aforementioned charges, cost of sales decreased to $1,662,747, or 40.7% of net revenues, for the year ended December 29, 2013 from $1,669,216, or 40.8% of net revenues, for the year ended December 30, 2012 as a result of
favorable product mix partially offset by the impact on net revenues of higher sales promotions. Cost of sales decreased to 40.8% of net revenues, absent charges, for the year ended December 30, 2012 from 42.8% in 2011. Cost of sales as a
percentage of net revenues in 2012 was positively impacted by product mix, which included higher MAGIC: THE GATHERING and Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues, which typically have lower costs of sales as a percentage of net revenues.
Further, the impact of closeout sales improved in 2012 compared to 2011. In addition, cost of sales was positively impacted by lower inventory obsolescence costs in 2012 compared to 2011.  
 Royalty expense of $338,919, or 8.3% of net revenues, for the year ended December 29, 2013 compared to $302,066, or 7.4% of net
revenues, for the year ended December 30, 2012 and $339,217, or 7.9% of net revenues, for the year ended December 25, 2011. Excluding the impact of the arbitration award settlement and amendment of the Zynga agreement summarized above,
royalty expense decreased to $275,118, or 6.7% of net revenues, in 2013. Fluctuations in royalty expense are generally related to the volume of entertainment-driven products sold in a given year, especially if there is a major motion picture
release. Significant sales of MARVEL products, particularly those related to  MARVEL’S THE AVENGERS  and  THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN,  in 2012 and BEYBLADE and TRANSFORMERS movie-related products in 2011 resulted in higher royalty
expenses in those years compared to 2013.    Product development expense in 2013 totaled $207,591, or 5.1% of net revenues,
compared to $201,197, or 4.9% of net revenues, in 2012 and $197,638, or 4.6% of net revenues, in 2011. Product development expense for 2013, 2012 and 2011 includes restructuring charges of $4,101, $10,949 and $6,744, respectively. Excluding the
impact of these charges, product development expense increased to $203,490 in 2013 compared to $190,248 in 2012 and $190,894 in 2011. The increase in 2013 reflects the addition of Backflip as well as investments in certain brands, including MAGIC:
THE GATHERING, partially offset by cost savings related to reduction in headcount.    Advertising expense in 2013 decreased to
$398,098, or 9.8% of net revenues, compared to $422,239, or 10.3% of net revenues, in 2012 and $413,951, or 9.7% of net revenues, in 2011. The level of the Company’s advertising expense can generally be impacted by revenue mix, the amount and
type of theatrical releases, and television programming. The decrease in advertising expense in 2013 was the result of the mix of 2013 net revenues as well as a higher portion of our spending in digital formats. Increased advertising in 2012
compared to 2011 in both dollars and as a percentage of net revenue is, in part, due to the Company’s strategy to increase its spend in consumer-facing marketing and advertising.  
 Amortization of intangibles increased to $78,186, or 1.9% of net revenues, compared to $50,569, or 1.3% of net revenues, in 2012 and
$46,647, or 1.1% of net revenues, in 2011. Amortization of intangibles in 2013 includes $19,736 related to impairment of definite-lived intangibles based on the Company’s decision to exit the related product lines. Absent the impact of
these charges, amortization of intangibles increased to $58,450, or  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
1.4% of net revenues, in 2013 reflecting the addition of Backflip. Increased amortization in 2012 compared to 2011 was the result of higher expense related to certain intangibles that are
amortized based on actual and projected net revenues.    Program production cost amortization increased to $47,690, or 1.2% of
net revenues, in 2013 compared to $41,800, or 1.0% of net revenues, in 2012 and $35,798, or 0.8% of net revenues, in 2011. Program production costs are capitalized as incurred and amortized using the individual-film-forecast method. Increasing
program production cost amortization reflects the level of revenues associated with television programming as well as the type of television programs produced and distributed in 2013 compared to 2012 and 2011.  
 Selling, distribution and administration expenses increased to $871,679, or 21.3% of net revenues, in 2013 compared to $847,347, or 20.7%
of net revenues, in 2012 and $822,094, or 19.2% of net revenues, in 2011. Selling, distribution and administration expense for 2013 includes $32,547 of restructuring and related pension charges, and legal costs associated with the arbitration
settlement while 2012 and 2011 included $33,463 and $7,641, respectively, of restructuring charges. Excluding these charges, selling, distribution and administration expense increased to $839,132, or 20.6% of net revenues, in 2013 compared to
$813,884, or 19.9% of net revenues, in 2012 and $814,453, or 19.0% of net revenues, in 2011. The increase in 2013 compared to 2012 reflects investments in emerging markets, information systems, new facilities, and certain brands, including MAGIC:
THE GATHERING and the acquisition of Backflip. Higher compensation and legal expenses also contributed to the increase in 2013. These investments and higher costs in 2013 more than offset savings, primarily from headcount reductions, resulting from
our cost savings initiatives. Selling, distribution and administration expense decreased in 2012 compared to 2011 as a result of lower shipping and warehousing costs related to lower revenues and lower inventory balances. Increased stock
compensation and bonus provisions in 2012 compared to 2011 were substantially offset by the favorable impact of currency translation.    Interest Expense    Interest expense increased to $105,585 in
2013 from $91,141 in 2012 and $89,022 in 2011. Interest expense in 2013 includes approximately $15,090 related to the settlement of an arbitration award. Absent these charges, interest expense was flat in 2013 compared to 2012. Increased interest
expense in 2012 compared to 2011 primarily reflects higher average short-term borrowings as well as the impact of the extra week of interest expense on long-term debt in the first quarter of 2012 compared to 2011.  
 Interest Income    Interest income was $4,925 in 2013 compared to $6,333 in 2012 and $6,834 in 2011. Decreased interest income in 2013 compared to 2012 reflects lower average interest rates. Interest income in 2011 includes
approximately $1,100 in interest received from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service related to prior years. Absent the impact of this receipt, interest income in 2012 increased compared to 2011 reflecting higher invested cash balances, primarily in
international markets.    Other (Income) Expense, Net  
 Other (income) expense, net of $14,611 compares to $13,575 in 2012 and $25,400 in 2011. The slight increase in expense in 2013 compared to
2012 was primarily due to higher net losses on foreign currency transactions and the impact of investment gains and losses. The decrease in 2012 compared to 2011 is primarily due to lower net losses on foreign currency transactions as well as gains
on investments in 2012 compared to losses on investments in 2011.    Foreign currency exchange net losses of $5,159 in 2013
compared to $4,178 in 2012 and $8,343 in 2011. The net loss in 2011 includes $3,700 related to derivative instruments which no longer qualified for hedge accounting. Investment losses of $1,148 and $4,167 in 2013 and 2011, respectively, compared to
investment gains of $(1,257) in 2012. The losses in 2013 and 2011 primarily relate to warrants to purchase common stock of an unrelated company. These warrants were exercised and related shares were sold in 2013. Other (income) expense, net in 2013,
2012 and 2011 includes $2,386, $6,015 and $7,290 respectively, relating to the Company’s 50% share in the loss of Hub Network.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Income Taxes  
 Income tax expense totaled 19.3% of pretax earnings in 2013 compared with 25.9% in 2012 and 20.8% in 2011. Income tax expense for
2013 includes net benefits of approximately $30,000 from discrete events, primarily related to the settlement of various tax examinations in multiple jurisdictions, including the United States. Income tax expense for 2012 includes net benefits
of approximately $8,300 from discrete tax events, primarily related to the repatriation of certain highly taxed foreign earnings and to expirations of statutes of limitations in multiple jurisdictions. Income tax expense for 2011 is net of a benefit
of approximately $29,600 from discrete tax events, primarily related to the settlement of various tax examinations in multiple jurisdictions, including the United States. Absent these items, potential interest and penalties related to uncertain
tax positions recorded in 2013, 2012 and 2011, and the impact of the 2013 charges related to restructuring activities, exit from certain product lines and settlement of the unfavorable arbitration award, the effective tax rates would have been
25.8%, 27.0% and 26.2%, respectively. The increase in the adjusted tax rate from 2011 to 2012 and decrease from 2012 to 2013 primarily reflect the change in the geographic mix of where the company earned its profits.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources    The Company has historically generated a significant amount of cash from operations. In 2013 the Company funded its operations and liquidity needs primarily through cash flows from operations, and,
when needed, using borrowings under its available lines of credit and its commercial paper program. During 2014, the Company expects to continue to fund its working capital needs primarily through cash flows from operations and, when needed, by
issuing commercial paper or borrowing under its revolving credit agreement. In the event that the Company is not able to issue commercial paper, the Company intends to utilize its available lines of credit. The Company believes that the funds
available to it, including cash expected to be generated from operations and funds available through its commercial paper program or its available lines of credit are adequate to meet its working capital needs for 2014, however, unexpected events or
circumstances such as material operating losses or increased capital or other expenditures, or inability to otherwise access the commercial paper market, may reduce or eliminate the availability of external financial resources. In addition,
significant disruptions to credit markets may also reduce or eliminate the availability of external financial resources. Although the Company believes the risk of nonperformance by the counterparties to its financial facilities is not significant,
in times of severe economic downturn in the credit markets it is possible that one or more sources of external financing may be unable or unwilling to provide funding to the Company.  
 As of December 29, 2013 the Company’s cash and cash equivalents totaled $682,449, the majority of which is held by international
subsidiaries outside of the United States. Deferred income taxes have not been provided on the majority of undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries as such earnings are indefinitely reinvested by the Company. Accordingly, such
international cash balances are not available to fund cash requirements in the United States unless the Company changes its reinvestment policy. The Company has sufficient sources of cash in the United States to fund cash requirements without the
need to repatriate any funds. If the Company changes its policy of permanently reinvesting international earnings, it would be required to accrue for any additional income taxes representing the difference between the tax rates in the United States
and the applicable tax of the international subsidiaries. If the Company repatriated the funds from its international subsidiaries, it would then be required to pay the additional U.S. income tax. The majority of the Company’s cash and cash
equivalents held outside of the United States as of December 29, 2013 is denominated in the U.S. dollar.    At
December 29, 2013, cash and cash equivalents, net of short-term borrowings, were $674,117 compared to $625,336 and $461,258 at December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011, respectively. Hasbro generated $401,132, $534,796 and $396,069 of
cash from its operating activities in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Operating cash flows in 2013, 2012 and 2011 included $41,325, $59,277 and $80,983, respectively, of cash used for television program production. Cash from operations in 2013,
2012 and 2011 also includes long-term royalty advance payments of $25,000 made to Hub Network in each of the three years. 2013 also includes payments totaling approximately $175,000 of royalty advances paid to Disney.  
 Accounts receivable, net increased to $1,093,620 at December 29, 2013 from $1,029,959 at December 30, 2012. The accounts
receivable balance at December 29, 2013 includes a decrease of approximately $17,000  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
resulting from the translation of foreign currency. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, increased accounts receivable, net primarily reflects the growth in fourth quarter net revenues in the
International segment in 2013. Days sales outstanding increased to 77 days at December 29, 2013 from 72 days at December 30, 2012, primarily due to the impact of higher balances in certain international markets which have longer payment
terms. Accounts receivable, net decreased to $1,029,959 at December 30, 2012 from $1,034,580 at December 25, 2011. The accounts receivable balance at December 30, 2012 included an increase of approximately $10,600 resulting from the
translation of foreign currency. Absent the impact of foreign exchange, accounts receivable, net decreased reflecting lower fourth quarter sales. Days sales outstanding increased to 72 days at December 30, 2012 from 70 days at December 25,
2011, primarily due to higher revenue volume in Latin America, a region which has longer payment terms.    Inventories increased
to $348,794 at December 29, 2013 from $316,049 at December 30, 2012. The inventory balance at December 29, 2013 includes a decrease of approximately $4,400 resulting from foreign currency translation. Inventory in the International
segment increased approximately 16%, primarily due to higher balances in emerging markets, including Russia and Brazil, in support of the growth the Company has experienced in these markets. Inventory in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 2% in
2013 compared to 2012. Inventories decreased to $316,049 at December 30, 2012 compared to $333,993 at December 25, 2011. Inventories declined 23% in the U.S. and Canada segment, partially offset by increases in certain international
markets including Russia, China and Korea.    Prepaid expenses and other current assets increased to $355,594 at
December 29, 2013 from $312,493 at December 30, 2012. Higher prepaid royalties, primarily related to the Company’s amended agreements with Disney related to its MARVEL and STAR WARS licenses, contributed to increased balances in 2013
compared to 2012. Prepaid expenses and other current assets also includes approximately $3,200 related to a forward-starting interest rate swap contract which hedges future interest payments on the expected refinancing of the Company’s
6.125% Notes Due 2014. These increases were partially offset by lower non-income based tax receivables, primarily value added taxes in Europe, compared to 2012 as a result of collections in 2013. Prepaid expenses and other current assets increased
to $312,493 at December 30, 2012 from $243,431 at December 25, 2011. The balance at December 30, 2012 included an increase of approximately $5,500 as a result of translation of foreign currency. Absent the impact of foreign currency
translation, increases in prepaid royalties, primarily related to prepaid royalties previously recorded as long-term which have become current related to the MARVEL license, as well as deferred income taxes were partially offset by lower
non-income-based tax receivables compared to 2011 as a result of collections in 2012.    Accounts payable and accrued expenses
increased to $926,558 at December 29, 2013 from $736,070 at December 30, 2012. The balance includes a decrease of approximately $6,300 resulting from the translation of foreign currency. Higher accrued royalties, interest and dividends as
well as higher accounts payable contributed to the increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses in 2013 compared to 2012. These increases include accrued royalties of $42,950 and accrued interest of $15,090 related to the settlement of an
adverse arbitration award. Higher accrued dividends reflect a decision by the Company’s Board in 2012 to accelerate the payment of the dividend declared in December 2012 from February 2013 to December 2012. As such, there were no accrued
dividends at December 30, 2012. Accounts payable and accrued expenses decreased to $736,070 at December 30, 2012 from $761,914 at December 25, 2011. The 2012 balance includes an increase of approximately $8,300 as a result of the
translation of foreign currency balances. The decrease was partially the result of the changes in accrued dividends discussed above as well as a decrease in accrued royalties resulting from lower sales of entertainment-based products as well as
lower accrued non-income-based taxes. These lower balances were partially offset by severance costs accrued in the fourth quarter of 2012 as well as higher accrued payroll and management incentives.  
 Other liabilities of $351,304 at December 29, 2013 compared to $461,152 at December 30, 2012 and $370,043 at December 25,
2011. The decrease in 2013 compared to 2012 is primarily due to lower liabilities related to pension and uncertain tax positions. The decline in liabilities related to uncertain tax positions is primarily due to the settlement of tax examinations
during 2013, partially offset by additions for current year activity. The decline in pension liabilities is primarily due to increased discount rates, and, to a lesser extent,  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
increased benefit payments due to a higher level of retirements during 2013 resulting from an early retirement program in the United States relating to the cost savings initiative. The increase
in other liabilities in 2012 compared to 2011 is primarily due to higher liabilities for pension and uncertain tax positions.  
 Cash flows utilized by investing activities were $217,743, $106,172 and $107,615 in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Additions to
property, plant and equipment were $112,031, $112,091 and $99,402 in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Of these additions, 51% in 2013, 45% in 2012 and 66% in 2011 were for purchases of tools, dies and molds related to the Company’s products.
In 2014, the Company expects capital expenditures to be in the range of $125,000 to $135,000. During the three years ended December 29, 2013, the depreciation of plant and equipment was $102,799, $99,718 and $113,821, respectively. Fluctuations
in depreciation of plant and equipment correlate with the percentage of additions to property, plant and equipment relating to tools, dies and molds which have shorter useful lives and accelerated depreciation. Cash utilized for investments and
acquisitions was $110,698 and $11,585 in 2013 and 2011, respectively. No investments or acquisitions were made in 2012. The 2013 utilization represents the Company’s acquisition of a majority stake in Backflip as well as a payment related to an
existing intellectual property while the 2011 utilization represents the Company’s purchase of that same intellectual property.    The Company commits to inventory production, advertising and marketing expenditures prior to the peak fourth quarter retail selling season. Accounts receivable increase during the third and fourth quarter
as customers increase their purchases to meet expected consumer demand in their holiday selling season. Due to the concentrated timeframe of this selling period, payments for these accounts receivable are generally not due until the fourth quarter
or early in the first quarter of the subsequent year. This timing difference between expenditures and cash collections on accounts receivable makes it necessary for the Company to borrow higher amounts during the latter part of the year. During
2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company primarily used cash from operations and borrowings under its commercial paper program and available lines of credit.    The Company has an agreement with a group of banks which provides for a commercial paper program (the “Program”). Under the Program, at the request of the Company and subject to market
conditions, the banks may either purchase from the Company, or arrange for the sale by the Company, of unsecured commercial paper notes. The Company may issue notes from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time
of $700,000. The maturities of the notes may vary but may not exceed 397 days. The notes are sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and are issued at a discount to par, or alternatively, sold at par and bear varying interest rates
based on a fixed or floating rate basis. The interest rates vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by the credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. Borrowings under the Program are supported by the Company’s
$700,000 revolving credit agreement. At December 29, 2013, there were no notes outstanding related to the Program.    The
Company has a revolving credit agreement (the “Agreement”) which provides the Company with a $700,000 committed borrowing facility. The Agreement contains certain financial covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and
certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility, including with respect to liens, mergers and incurrence of indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with all covenants in the Agreement as of and for the fiscal year ended
December 29, 2013. The Company had no borrowings outstanding under its committed revolving credit facility at December 29, 2013. However, letters of credit outstanding under this facility as of December 29, 2013 were approximately
$1,000. Amounts available and unused under the committed line at December 29, 2013 were approximately $699,000. The Company also has other uncommitted lines from various banks, of which approximately $29,600 was utilized at December 29,
2013. Of the amount utilized under, or supported by, the uncommitted lines, approximately $8,300 and $21,300 represent outstanding short-term borrowings and letters of credit, respectively.  
 Net cash utilized by financing activities was $341,009 in 2013 compared to $219,379 in 2012 and $375,685 in 2011. Of these amounts,
$103,488, $98,005 and $423,008 reflects cash paid, including transaction costs, in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, to repurchase the Company’s common stock. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company repurchased 2,268, 2,694 and 10,461 shares
at an average price of $45.17, $37.11 and $40.42, respectively. At December 29, 2013, $524,822 remained under outstanding Board authorizations. Dividends paid were $156,129 in 2013 compared to $225,464 in 2012 and $154,028 in
2011. Dividends paid in 2012 include an  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
additional dividend payment resulting from a decision by the Company’s Board to accelerate the payment of the dividend declared in December 2012, which historically would have been paid in
February 2013, to December 2012. This acceleration resulted in one less quarterly dividend paid in 2013. Further, the Company has increased its quarterly dividend rate from $0.30 in 2011 to $0.40 in 2013. Lastly, repayments of other short-term
borrowings of $215,273 in 2013 compared to proceeds from other short-term borrowings of $43,106 and $167,339 in 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Company generated cash from employee stock option transactions of $118,122, $54,963 and $29,798 in 2013,
2012 and 2011, respectively.    For the $350,000 in notes due in 2017 which bear interest at 6.30%, interest rates may be
adjusted upward in the event that the Company’s credit rating from Moody’s Investor Services, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings is reduced to Ba1, BB+, or BB+, respectively, or below. At
December 29, 2013, the Company’s ratings from Moody’s Investor Services, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services and Fitch Ratings were Baa2, BBB and BBB+, respectively. The interest rate adjustment is dependent on the
degree of decrease of the Company’s ratings and could range from 0.25% to a maximum of 2.00%. The Company may redeem the notes at its option at the greater of the principal amount of the notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled
payments discounted using the effective interest rate on applicable U.S. Treasury bills at the time of repurchase.    Including
the notes described above, the Company has remaining principal amounts of long-term debt at December 29, 2013 of approximately $1,384,895 due at varying times from 2014 through 2040. $425,000 of this long-term debt is due May 2014; however, the
Company currently expects to issue long-term notes in order to finance most, if not all, of the repayment of this debt. The Company also had letters of credit and other similar instruments of $209,398 and purchase commitments of $297,817 outstanding
at December 29, 2013. Letters of credit and similar instruments include $187,130 of bonds related to the defense of tax assessments in Mexico. These assessments relate to transfer pricing that the Company is defending and expects to be
successful in sustaining its position. In addition, the Company is committed to guaranteed royalty and other contractual payments of approximately $17,560 in 2014.    Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates    The Company
prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. As such, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that it believes
are reasonable based on information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the
periods presented. The significant accounting policies which management believes are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating the Company’s reported financial results include sales allowances, program production
costs, recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets, recoverability of royalty advances and commitments, pension costs and obligations and income taxes.    Sales Allowances    Sales allowances for customer promotions,
discounts and returns are recorded as a reduction of revenue when the related revenue is recognized. Revenue from product sales is recognized upon passing of title to the customer, generally at the time of shipment. Revenue from product
sales, less related sales allowances along with license fees and royalty revenue comprise net revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company routinely commits to promotional sales allowance programs with customers. These
allowances primarily relate to fixed programs, which the customer earns based on purchases of Company products during the year. Discounts and allowances are recorded as a reduction of related revenue at the time of sale. While many of the
allowances are based on fixed amounts, certain of the allowances, such as the returns allowance, are based on market data, historical trends and information from customers and are therefore subject to estimation.  
 For its allowance programs that are not fixed, such as returns, the Company estimates these amounts using a combination of historical
experience and current market conditions. These estimates are reviewed periodically  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
against actual results and any adjustments are recorded at that time as an increase or decrease to net revenues. During 2013, there have been no material adjustments to the Company’s
estimates made in prior years.    Program Production Costs  
 The Company incurs certain costs in connection with the production of television programs based primarily on the Company’s toy and
game brands, including animated and live-action programs and game shows. These costs are capitalized as they are incurred and amortized using the individual-film-forecast method, whereby these costs are amortized in the proportion that the
current year’s revenues bear to management’s estimate of total ultimate revenues as of the beginning of each fiscal year related to the program. These capitalized costs are reported at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization,
or fair value, and reviewed for impairment when an event or change in circumstances occurs that indicates that an impairment may exist. The fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow model which is primarily based on
management’s future revenue and cost estimates.    The most significant estimates are those used in the determination of
ultimate revenue in the individual-film-forecast method. Ultimate revenue estimates impact the timing of program production cost amortization in the consolidated statements of operations. Ultimate revenue includes revenue from all sources
that are estimated to be earned related to the television program and include toy, game and other merchandise licensing fees; first run program distribution fees; and other revenue sources, such as DVD and digital distribution. Our ultimate revenue
estimates for each television program are developed based on our estimates of expected future results. We review and revise these estimates at each reporting date to reflect the most current available information. When estimates for a
television program are revised, the difference between the program production cost amortization determined using the revised estimate and any amounts previously expensed during that fiscal year, are included as an adjustment to program production
cost amortization in the consolidated statements of operations in the quarter in which the estimates are revised. Prior period amounts are not adjusted for subsequent changes in estimates. Factors that can impact our revenue estimates
include the success and popularity of our television programs in the U.S. which are distributed on Hub Network and available on Netflix and iTunes, our ability to achieve broad distribution and viewer acceptance in international markets, and success
of our program-related toy, game and other merchandise.    For the year ended December 29, 2013 we have $79,965 of program
production costs included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. We currently expect that approximately 93% of capitalized program production costs will be amortized over the 3-year period 2014 through 2016. Future program production
cost amortization is subject to change based on actual costs incurred and management’s then current estimates of ultimate revenues. During 2013 the Company did not incur any significant impairment charges related to its program production
costs.    Recoverability of Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
 Goodwill and other intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are tested for impairment at least annually. If an event occurs or
circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Company will perform an interim test at that time. The impairment test begins by allocating goodwill and intangible assets to applicable reporting units. Goodwill
is then tested using a two step process that begins with an estimation of the fair value of the reporting unit using an income approach, which looks to the present value of expected future cash flows.  
 The first step is a screen for potential impairment while the second step measures the amount of impairment if there is an indication from
the first step that one exists. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment by comparing their carrying value to their estimated fair value which is also calculated using an income approach. The Company’s annual goodwill
impairment test was performed in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the estimated fair value of the Company’s reporting units with allocated goodwill were substantially in excess of their carrying value. No reporting units were considered to be at
risk of failing the first step of the impairment test. Accordingly, no impairment was indicated. The Company’s annual impairment tests related to  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
intangible assets with indefinite lives were also performed in the fourth quarter of 2013 and no impairments were indicated as the estimated fair values were substantially in excess of the
carrying value of the related assets. The estimation of future cash flows requires significant judgments and estimates with respect to future revenues related to the respective asset and the future cash outlays related to those revenues. Actual
revenues and related cash flows or changes in anticipated revenues and related cash flows could result in a change in this assessment and result in an impairment charge. The estimation of discounted cash flows also requires the selection of an
appropriate discount rate. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease estimated discounted cash flows and could increase or decrease the related impairment charge. At December 29, 2013, the Company has goodwill and intangible
assets with indefinite lives of $670,059 recorded on the consolidated balance sheets.    Intangible assets, other than those with
indefinite lives, are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for indications of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the value of these
intangible assets is measured by a comparison of the assets’ carrying value to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets were considered to be impaired, the impairment would be measured
by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value based on estimated future discounted cash flows. The estimation of future cash flows requires significant judgments and estimates with respect to future revenues related
to the respective asset and the future cash outlays related to those revenues. Actual revenues and related cash flows or changes in anticipated revenues and related cash flows could result in a change in this assessment and result in an impairment
charge. The estimation of discounted cash flows also requires the selection of an appropriate discount rate. The use of different assumptions would increase or decrease estimated discounted cash flows and could increase or decrease the related
impairment charge. Intangible assets covered under this policy were $300,261 at December 29, 2013. During 2013, the Company incurred $19,736 in impairment charges relating to reduced expectations for certain products as well as the decision to
exit certain other product lines.    Recoverability of Royalty Advances and Commitments  
 The Company’s ability to earn-out royalty advances and contractual obligations with respect to minimum guaranteed royalties is
assessed by comparing the remaining minimum guaranty to the estimated future sales forecasts and related cash flow projections to be derived from the related product. If sales forecasts and related cash flows from the particular product do not
support the recoverability of the remaining minimum guaranty or, if the Company decides to discontinue a product line with royalty advances or commitments, a charge to royalty expense to write-off the non-recoverable minimum guaranty is
required. The preparation of revenue forecasts and related cash flows for these products requires judgments and estimates. Actual revenues and related cash flows or changes in the assessment of anticipated revenues and cash flows related
to these products could result in a change to the assessment of recoverability of remaining minimum guaranteed royalties. At December 29, 2013, the Company had $294,991 of prepaid royalties, $152,459 of which are included in prepaid
expenses and other current assets and $142,532 of which are included in other assets. During 2013, the Company incurred $20,851 related to the amendment of its’ license agreement with Zynga. As a result of this settlement, the Company
agreed to pay Zynga $12,500 in satisfaction of all future required royalty advances, with the remainder of the charge comprised of a write-down of prepaid royalties.    Pension Costs and Obligations    Pension expense is based on
actuarial computations of current and future benefits using estimates for expected return on assets and applicable discount rates. At the end of 2007 the Company froze benefits under its two largest pension plans in the U.S., with no future benefits
accruing to employees. The Company will continue to pay benefits under the plan consistent with the provisions existing at the date of the plan benefit freeze. The Company uses its fiscal year-end date as its measurement date to measure the
liabilities and assets of the plans and to establish the expense for the upcoming year. During 2013, the Company recognized pension curtailment and settlement charges of $6,993 related to its U.S. pension plans as a result of headcount reductions
due to restructuring activities.    The Company estimates expected return on assets using a weighted average rate based on
historical market data for the investment classes of assets held by the plan, the allocation of plan assets among those investment  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
classes, and the current economic environment. Based on this information, the Company’s estimate of expected return on plan assets used in the calculation of 2013 pension expense for the
U.S. plans was 7.00%. A decrease in the estimate used for expected return on plan assets would increase pension expense, while an increase in this estimate would decrease pension expense. A decrease of 0.25% in the estimate of expected return on
plan assets would have increased 2013 pension expense for U.S. plans by approximately $630.    Discount rates are selected based
upon rates of return at the measurement date on high quality corporate bond investments currently available and expected to be available during the period to maturity of the pension benefits. The Company’s weighted average discount rate for its
U.S. plans used for the calculation of 2013 pension expense was 4.49%. A decrease in the discount rate would result in greater pension expense while an increase in the discount rate would decrease pension expense. A decrease of 0.25% in the
Company’s discount rate would have increased 2013 pension expense by approximately $459.    Actual results that differ from
the actuarial assumptions are accumulated and, if outside a certain corridor, amortized over future periods and, therefore affect recognized expense in future periods. At December 29, 2013, the Company’s U.S. plans had unrecognized
actuarial losses of $69,716 included in accumulated other comprehensive earnings related to its defined benefit pension plans compared to $138,946 at December 30, 2012. The decrease primarily reflects unrecognized actuarial gains in 2013
compared to losses in 2012, primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used to measure plan obligations at December 29, 2013 as well as benefits paid in 2013 related to workforce reductions. The discount rate used to calculate the
projected benefit obligation at December 29, 2013 increased to 5.02% at December 29, 2013 from 4.09% used at December 30, 2012. A decrease of 0.25% in the Company’s discount rate would have increased the 2013 projected benefit
obligation by approximately $9,722. Pension plan assets are valued on the basis of their fair market value on the measurement date. These changes in the fair market value of plan assets impact the amount of future pension expense due to
amortization of the unrecognized actuarial losses or gains.    Income Taxes  
 The Company’s annual income tax rate is based on its income, statutory tax rates, changes in prior tax positions and tax planning
opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant judgment and estimates are required to determine the Company’s annual tax rate and in evaluating its tax positions. Despite the Company’s belief that
its tax return positions are fully supportable, these positions are subject to challenge and estimated liabilities are established in the event that these positions are challenged and the Company is not successful in defending these challenges.
These estimated liabilities are adjusted, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit.    An estimated effective income tax rate is applied to the Company’s interim results. In the event there is a significant unusual or extraordinary item recognized in the Company’s interim results,
the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded at the time. Changes in the Company’s estimated effective income tax rate during 2013 were primarily due to changes in its estimate of earnings by tax
jurisdiction. In addition, changes in judgment regarding likely outcomes related to tax positions taken in a prior fiscal year, or tax costs or benefits from a resolution of such positions would be recorded entirely in the interim period the
judgment changes or resolution occurs. During 2013, the Company recorded a total benefit of approximately $30,000 associated with discrete tax events, primarily related to the completion of U.S. tax examinations as well as certain other U.S. and
foreign prior period tax adjustments.    In certain cases, tax law requires items to be included in the Company’s income tax
returns at a different time than when these items are recognized on the consolidated financial statements or at a different amount than that which is recognized on the consolidated financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent,
such as expenses that are not deductible on the Company’s tax returns, while other differences are temporary and will reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. These differences that will reverse over time are recorded as deferred
tax assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred tax assets represent deductions that have been reflected in the consolidated financial statements but have not yet been reflected in the Company’s income tax
returns. Valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets to the extent that it is determined that the Company will have insufficient future taxable income, including capital gains, to fully realize
 
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the future deductions or capital losses. Deferred tax liabilities represent expenses recognized on the Company’s income tax return that have not yet been recognized in the Company’s
consolidated financial statements or income recognized in the consolidated financial statements that has not yet been recognized in the Company’s income tax return. Deferred income taxes have not been provided on most of the undistributed
earnings of international subsidiaries as most of such earnings are indefinitely reinvested by the Company. In the event the Company determines that such earnings will not be indefinitely reinvested, it would be required to accrue for any additional
income taxes representing the difference between the tax rates in the United States and the applicable tax of the international subsidiaries. At December 29, 2013, the difference between the tax rates in the United States and the applicable tax
of the international subsidiaries on cumulative undistributed earnings was approximately $492,000.    Contractual Obligations and
Commercial Commitments    In the normal course of its business, the Company enters into contracts related to obtaining
rights to produce product under license, which may require the payment of minimum guarantees, as well as contracts related to the leasing of facilities and equipment. In addition, the Company has $1,384,895 in principal amount of long-term debt
outstanding at December 29, 2013. Future payments required under these and other obligations as of December 29, 2013 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments due by Fiscal Year 
   
 
   Certain Contractual Obligations 
    
 2014 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 425,000 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 609,895 
    
    
   
 1,384,895 
    
 
   Interest payments on long-term debt 
    
   
 74,069 
    
    
   
 61,053 
    
    
   
 61,053 
    
    
   
 61,053 
    
    
   
 39,003 
    
    
   
 755,156 
    
    
   
 1,051,387 
    
 
   Operating lease commitments 
    
   
 38,665 
    
    
   
 25,898 
    
    
   
 20,248 
    
    
   
 17,521 
    
    
   
 17,091 
    
    
   
 22,146 
    
    
   
 141,569 
    
 
   Future minimum guaranteed contractual royalty payments 
    
   
 17,560 
    
    
   
 67,366 
    
    
   
 13,556 
    
    
   
 12,706 
    
    
   
 12,706 
    
    
   
 38,117 
    
    
   
 162,011 
    
 
   Tax sharing agreement 
    
   
 7,100 
    
    
   
 7,400 
    
    
   
 7,700 
    
    
   
 8,000 
    
    
   
 8,300 
    
    
   
 78,100 
    
    
   
 116,600 
    
 
   Purchase commitments 
    
   
 297,817 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 297,817 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 860,211 
    
    
   
 161,717 
    
    
   
 102,557 
    
    
   
 449,280 
    
    
   
 77,100 
    
    
   
 1,503,414 
    
    
   
 3,154,279 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at December 29, 2013, the Company
has a liability, including potential interest and penalties, of $80,006 for uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in various income tax returns. The Company does not know the ultimate resolution of these uncertain
tax positions and as such, does not know the ultimate timing of payments related to this liability. Accordingly, these amounts are not included in the table above.    In connection with the Company’s agreement to form a joint venture with Discovery, the Company is obligated to make future payments to Discovery under a tax sharing agreement. These payments are
contingent upon the Company having sufficient taxable income to realize the expected tax deductions of certain amounts related to the joint venture. Accordingly, estimates of these amounts are included in the table above.  
 In July 2013, the Company acquired a 70% stake in Backflip and will be required to purchase the remaining 30% in the future contingent on
the achievement by Backflip of certain predetermined financial performance metrics. The Company does not know the ultimate timing that these predetermined financial performance metrics may be met and, thereby, cannot currently estimate the purchase
price of the remaining 30%.    In July 2013, the Company amended agreements with Disney related to its MARVEL and STAR WARS
licenses which provide for minimum guaranteed royalty payments and requires the Company to make minimum expenditures on marketing and promotional activities. In connection with the Marvel amendment, the Marvel license has been extended through 2020
and may require up to $170,000 in guaranteed royalties that are not included in the table above, are contingent on the quantity and type of theatrical movie releases and may be  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
payable during the next six years. Approximately $50,000 of these additional royalties are expected to be paid in 2014 based on expected qualifying theatrical releases. Additional guaranteed
royalties related to the amendment of the STAR WARS license agreement are included in the table above.    Purchase commitments
represent agreements (including open purchase orders) to purchase inventory and tooling in the ordinary course of business. The reported amounts exclude inventory and tooling purchase liabilities included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 29, 2013.    In addition to the amounts included in the table above, the
Company expects to make contributions totaling approximately $6,400 related to its unfunded U.S. and other International pension plans in 2014. The Company also has letters of credit and related instruments of approximately $209,398 at
December 29, 2013.    The Company believes that cash from operations and funds available through its commercial paper
program or lines of credit will allow the Company to meet these and other obligations described above.    Financial Risk Management
   The Company is exposed to market risks attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily as
the result of sourcing products priced in U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Euros while marketing those products in more than twenty currencies. Results of operations may be affected primarily by changes in the value of the U.S. dollar, Hong Kong
dollar, Euro, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Brazilian real, Russian ruble and Mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, currencies in Latin American and Asia Pacific countries.  
 To manage this exposure, the Company has hedged a portion of its forecasted foreign currency transactions using foreign exchange forward
contracts. The Company estimates that a hypothetical immediate 10% depreciation of the U.S. dollar against all foreign currencies included in these foreign exchange forward contracts could result in an approximate $48,144 decrease in the fair value
of these instruments. A decrease in the fair value of these instruments would be substantially offset by decreases in the value of the forecasted foreign currency transactions.    The Company is also exposed to foreign currency risk with respect to its net cash and cash equivalents or short-term borrowing positions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company believes,
however, that the on-going risk on the net exposure should not be material to its financial condition. In addition, the Company’s revenues and costs have been and will likely continue to be affected by changes in foreign currency rates. A
significant change in foreign exchange rates can materially impact the Company’s revenues and earnings due to translation of foreign-denominated revenues and expenses. The Company does not hedge against translation impacts of foreign exchange.
From time to time, affiliates of the Company may make or receive intercompany loans in currencies other than their functional currency. The Company manages this exposure at the time the loan is made by using foreign exchange contracts.
   The Company reflects all derivatives at their fair value as an asset or liability on the consolidated balance sheets. The
Company does not speculate in foreign currency exchange contracts. At December 29, 2013, these contracts had net unrealized losses of $10,875, of which $386 are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets, $1,069 are recorded in other
assets, $(10,260) are recorded in accrued liabilities, and $(2,070) are recorded in other liabilities. Included in accumulated other comprehensive earnings at December 29, 2013 are deferred losses of $9,337, net of tax, related to these
derivatives.    At December 29, 2013, the Company had fixed rate long-term debt, excluding adjustments, of $1,384,895. The
Company was party to several interest rate swap agreements, with a total notional amount of $400,000, to adjust the amount of long-term debt subject to fixed interest rates. The interest rate swaps were matched with specific long-term debt issues
and were designated and effective as hedges of the change in the fair value of the associated debt. Changes in fair value of these contracts were wholly offset in earnings by changes in the fair value of the related long-term debt. In November 2012,
these interest rate swap agreements were terminated. The fair value was recorded as an adjustment to long-term debt and is now being amortized through the consolidated statements of operations over the life of the remaining long-term debt using a
straight-line method. At December 29, 2013, this adjustment to long-term debt was $3,390. As a result of this termination long-term debt  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
is no longer affected by variable interest rates and, thereby, earnings and cash flows are not expected to be impacted by changes in interest rates. The Company estimates that a hypothetical
quarter percentage point decrease or increase in interest rates would increase or decrease the fair value of this long-term debt, excluding the current portion, by approximately $23,000.  
 Of the $1,384,895 in fixed rate long-term debt at December 29, 2013, $425,000 matures in May 2014. The Company currently expects to
issue long-term notes in 2014 to finance the repayment of most, if not all, of this debt. As such, during the fourth quarter of 2013 the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with total notional value of $300,000 to
hedge the anticipated underlying U.S. Treasury interest rate associated with the expected issuance of long-term debt to refinance most, if not all, of the aforementioned current portion of long-term debt. These interest rate swaps were matched with
the expected long-term debt issuance and are designated and effective as hedges of the change in future interest payments. The fair value of these instruments is recorded to accumulated other comprehensive earnings and will be amortized through the
consolidated statements of operations using an effective interest rate method once the expected debt issuance occurs. At December 29, 2013, the fair value of these instruments is $3,172 and is recorded to prepaid expenses and other current
assets.    The Economy and Inflation    The principal market for the Company’s products is the retail sector. Revenues from the Company’s top five customers, all retailers, accounted for approximately 39% of its consolidated net
revenues in 2013 and 42% and 45% of its consolidated net revenues in 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Company monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and adjusts credit policies and limits as it deems appropriate.  
 The Company’s revenue pattern continues to show the second half of the year to be more significant to its overall business for the
full year. In 2013, approximately 65% of the Company’s full year net revenues were recognized in the second half of the year. The Company expects that this concentration will continue. The concentration of sales in the second half of the year
increases the risk of (a) underproduction of popular items, (b) overproduction of less popular items, and (c) failure to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules. The business of the Company is characterized by customer order
patterns which vary from year to year largely because of differences in the degree of consumer acceptance of a product line, product availability, marketing strategies, inventory levels, policies of retailers and differences in overall economic
conditions. Larger retailers generally maintain lower inventories throughout the year and purchase a greater percentage of product within or close to the fourth quarter holiday consumer buying season, which includes Christmas.  
 Quick response inventory management practices being used by retailers result in more orders being placed for immediate delivery and fewer
orders being placed well in advance of shipment. Retailers are timing their orders so that they are being filled by suppliers closer to the time of purchase by consumers. To the extent that retailers do not sell as much of their year-end inventory
purchases during this holiday selling season as they had anticipated, their demand for additional product earlier in the following fiscal year may be curtailed, thus negatively impacting the Company’s future revenues. In addition, the
bankruptcy or other lack of success of one of the Company’s significant retailers could negatively impact the Company’s future revenues.    The effect of inflation on the Company’s operations during 2013 was not significant and the Company will continue its practice of monitoring costs and adjusting prices, accordingly.  
 Other Information  
 The Company is not aware of any material amounts of potential exposure relating to environmental matters and does not believe its
environmental compliance costs or liabilities to be material to its operating results or financial position.      
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
 The information required by this item is included in Item 7 of Part II of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    The Board of Directors and Shareholders    Hasbro, Inc.:  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 29, 2013 and
December 30, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings, cash flows, and shareholders’ equity for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 29, 2013. These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended
December 29, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have audited, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Hasbro, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control —
Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 26, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.    /s/ KPMG LLP    Providence, Rhode Island    February 26, 2014  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets    December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012    (Thousands of Dollars
Except Share Data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
   Current assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 682,449 
    
   
   
 849,701 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $19,000 in 2013 and $19,600 in 2012 
    
   
 1,093,620 
    
   
   
 1,029,959 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 348,794 
    
   
   
 316,049 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 355,594 
    
   
   
 312,493 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 2,480,457 
    
   
   
 2,508,202 
    
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 236,263 
    
   
   
 230,414 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 594,321 
    
   
   
 474,925 
    
 
   Other intangibles, net 
    
   
 375,999 
    
   
   
 416,659 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 715,227 
    
   
   
 695,187 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
   
 1,685,547 
    
   
   
 1,586,771 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 4,402,267 
    
   
   
 4,325,387 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
     
 
   Current liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 8,332 
    
   
   
 224,365 
    
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
    
   
 428,390 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 198,799 
    
   
   
 139,906 
    
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 727,759 
    
   
   
 596,164 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 1,363,280 
    
   
   
 960,435 
    
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 959,895 
    
   
   
 1,396,421 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 351,304 
    
   
   
 461,152 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 2,674,479 
    
   
   
 2,818,008 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 45,445 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preference stock of $2.50 par value. Authorized 5,000,000 shares; none issued 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Common stock of $0.50 par value. Authorized 600,000,000 shares; issued 209,694,630 shares in 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 104,847 
    
   
   
 104,847 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 734,181 
    
   
   
 655,943 
    
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 3,432,176 
    
   
   
 3,354,545 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (34,135 
 )  
   
   
 (72,307 
 )  
 
   Treasury stock, at cost, 78,640,228 shares in 2013 and 80,754,417 shares in 2012 
    
   
 (2,554,726 
 )  
   
   
 (2,535,649 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 1,682,343 
    
   
   
 1,507,379 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 4,402,267 
    
   
   
 4,325,387 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Operations    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars Except Per Share
Data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 4,082,157 
    
   
   
 4,088,983 
    
   
   
 4,285,589 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Costs and expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,672,901 
    
   
   
 1,671,980 
    
   
   
 1,836,263 
    
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 338,919 
    
   
   
 302,066 
    
   
   
 339,217 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 207,591 
    
   
   
 201,197 
    
   
   
 197,638 
    
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 398,098 
    
   
   
 422,239 
    
   
   
 413,951 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 78,186 
    
   
   
 50,569 
    
   
   
 46,647 
    
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 47,690 
    
   
   
 41,800 
    
   
   
 35,798 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 871,679 
    
   
   
 847,347 
    
   
   
 822,094 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 3,615,064 
    
   
   
 3,537,198 
    
   
   
 3,691,608 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 467,093 
    
   
   
 551,785 
    
   
   
 593,981 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Non-operating (income) expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 105,585 
    
   
   
 91,141 
    
   
   
 89,022 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 (4,925 
 )  
   
   
 (6,333 
 )  
   
   
 (6,834 
 )  
 
   Other expense, net 
    
   
 14,611 
    
   
   
 13,575 
    
   
   
 25,400 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total non-operating expense, net 
    
   
 115,271 
    
   
   
 98,383 
    
   
   
 107,588 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 351,822 
    
   
   
 453,402 
    
   
   
 486,393 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 67,894 
    
   
   
 117,403 
    
   
   
 101,026 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 283,928 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
   
   
 385,367 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (2,270 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 286,198 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
   
   
 385,367 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 2.20 
    
   
   
 2.58 
    
   
   
 2.88 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 2.17 
    
   
   
 2.55 
    
   
   
 2.82 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 1.60 
    
   
   
 1.44 
    
   
   
 1.20 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Net earnings 
    
 $ 
 283,928 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
   
   
 385,367 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive earnings (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
    
   
 (11,104 
 )  
   
   
 8,325 
    
   
   
 (21,844 
 )  
 
   Net losses on cash flow hedging activities, net of tax 
    
   
 (3,075 
 )  
   
   
 (3,704 
 )  
   
   
 (8,689 
 )  
 
   Changes in unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts, net of tax 
    
   
 47,081 
    
   
   
 (38,335 
 )  
   
   
 (20,237 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications to earnings, net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net (gains) losses on cash flow hedging activities 
    
   
 (3,230 
 )  
   
   
 (7,385 
 )  
   
   
 3,338 
    
 
   Amortization of unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts 
    
   
 8,500 
    
   
   
 4,735 
    
   
   
 3,340 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 38,172 
    
   
   
 (36,364 
 )  
   
   
 (44,092 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive earnings 
    
   
 322,100 
    
   
   
 299,635 
    
   
   
 341,275 
    
 
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (2,270 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 324,370 
    
   
   
 299,635 
    
   
   
 341,275 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings 
    
 $ 
 283,928 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
   
   
 385,367 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation of plant and equipment 
    
   
 102,799 
    
   
   
 99,718 
    
   
   
 113,821 
    
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 78,186 
    
   
   
 50,569 
    
   
   
 46,647 
    
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 47,690 
    
   
   
 41,800 
    
   
   
 35,798 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (19,183 
 )  
   
   
 (16,086 
 )  
   
   
 (2,921 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation 
    
   
 21,272 
    
   
   
 19,434 
    
   
   
 12,463 
    
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 
    
   
 (86,616 
 )  
   
   
 28,690 
    
   
   
 (108,845 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in inventories 
    
   
 (37,511 
 )  
   
   
 22,546 
    
   
   
 17,463 
    
 
   (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 (5,021 
 )  
   
   
 6,529 
    
   
   
 (85,076 
 )  
 
   Program production costs 
    
   
 (41,325 
 )  
   
   
 (59,277 
 )  
   
   
 (80,983 
 )  
 
   Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 140,092 
    
   
   
 (22,362 
 )  
   
   
 75,589 
    
 
   Other, including long-term advances 
    
   
 (83,179 
 )  
   
   
 27,236 
    
   
   
 (13,254 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 401,132 
    
   
   
 534,796 
    
   
   
 396,069 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Additions to property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (112,031 
 )  
   
   
 (112,091 
 )  
   
   
 (99,402 
 )  
 
   Investments and acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 (110,698 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (11,585 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 4,986 
    
   
   
 5,919 
    
   
   
 3,372 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash utilized by investing activities 
    
   
 (217,743 
 )  
   
   
 (106,172 
 )  
   
   
 (107,615 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net (repayments of) proceeds from other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 (215,273 
 )  
   
   
 43,106 
    
   
   
 167,339 
    
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (103,488 
 )  
   
   
 (98,005 
 )  
   
   
 (423,008 
 )  
 
   Stock option transactions 
    
   
 118,122 
    
   
   
 54,963 
    
   
   
 29,798 
    
 
   Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation 
    
   
 22,300 
    
   
   
 14,477 
    
   
   
 9,657 
    
 
   Dividends paid 
    
   
 (156,129 
 )  
   
   
 (225,464 
 )  
   
   
 (154,028 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (6,541 
 )  
   
   
 (8,456 
 )  
   
   
 (5,443 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash utilized by financing activities 
    
   
 (341,009 
 )  
   
   
 (219,379 
 )  
   
   
 (375,685 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
    
   
 (9,632 
 )  
   
   
 (1,232 
 )  
   
   
 1,123 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 (167,252 
 )  
   
   
 208,013 
    
   
   
 (86,108 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 849,701 
    
   
   
 641,688 
    
   
   
 727,796 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 682,449 
    
   
   
 849,701 
    
   
   
 641,688 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest paid 
    
 $ 
 90,605 
    
   
   
 93,957 
    
   
   
 91,045 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income taxes paid 
    
 $ 
 88,189 
    
   
   
 110,544 
    
   
   
 78,104 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests  
  (Thousands of Dollars)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Earnings 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Total Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
   


 
   Balance, December 26, 2010 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
    
   
   
 625,961 
    
   
   
 2,978,317 
    
   
   
 8,149 
    
   
   
 (2,101,854 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,615,420 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 385,367 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 385,367 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (44,092 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (44,092 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (8,266 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 37,895 
    
   
   
 29,629 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (423,008 
 )  
   
   
 (423,008 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 12,349 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 114 
    
   
   
 12,463 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (158,264 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (158,264 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 25, 2011 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
    
   
   
 630,044 
    
   
   
 3,205,420 
    
   
   
 (35,943 
 )  
   
   
 (2,486,853 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,417,515 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 335,999 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (36,364 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (36,364 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6,695 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 51,015 
    
   
   
 57,710 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (100,041 
 )  
   
   
 (100,041 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 19,204 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 230 
    
   
   
 19,434 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (186,874 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (186,874 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 30, 2012 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
    
   
   
 655,943 
    
   
   
 3,354,545 
    
   
   
 (72,307 
 )  
   
   
 (2,535,649 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,507,379 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interests related to acquisition of Backflip Studios, LLC 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 48,000 
    
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 286,198 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 286,198 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,270 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive earnings 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 38,172 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 38,172 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 57,070 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 83,324 
    
   
   
 140,394 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (102,505 
 )  
   
   
 (102,505 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 21,168 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 104 
    
   
   
 21,272 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (208,567 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (208,567 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Distributions paid to noncontrolling owners 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (285 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 29, 2013 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
    
   
   
 734,181 
    
   
   
 3,432,176 
    
   
   
 (34,135 
 )  
   
   
 (2,554,726 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,682,343 
    
   
 $ 
 45,445 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
 (1)     Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
 Principles of Consolidation    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Hasbro, Inc. and all majority-owned subsidiaries (“Hasbro” or the “Company”). Investments representing 20% to 50%
ownership interests in other companies are accounted for using the equity method. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.    Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements    The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. Actual results could differ from those estimates.    Fiscal Year
   Hasbro’s fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in December. The fiscal years ended December 29, 2013 and
December 25, 2011 were fifty-two week periods while the fiscal year ended December 30, 2012 was a fifty-three week period.    Cash and Cash Equivalents    Cash and cash equivalents include
all cash balances and highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity to the Company of three months or less.  
 Marketable Securities    Marketable securities consist of investments in private investment funds. For these investments, which are included in prepaid and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, the
Company has selected the fair value option which requires the Company to record the unrealized gains and losses on these investments in the consolidated statements of operations at the time they occur.  
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
 Credit is granted to customers predominantly on an unsecured basis. Credit limits and payment terms are established based on extensive
evaluations made on an ongoing basis throughout the fiscal year with regard to the financial performance, cash generation, financing availability and liquidity status of each customer. The majority of customers are formally reviewed at least
annually; more frequent reviews are performed based on the customer’s financial condition and the level of credit being extended. For customers on credit who are experiencing financial difficulties, management performs additional financial
analyses before shipping orders. The Company uses a variety of financial transactions, based on availability and cost, to increase the collectability of certain of its accounts, including letters of credit, credit insurance, and requiring cash in
advance of shipping.    The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts based on management’s assessment of the
business environment, customers’ financial condition, historical collection experience, accounts receivable aging and customer disputes. When a significant event occurs, such as a bankruptcy filing by a specific customer, and on a quarterly
basis, the allowance is reviewed for adequacy and the balance is adjusted to reflect current risk assessments.  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Inventories  
 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Based upon a consideration of quantities on hand, actual and
projected sales volume, anticipated product selling price and product lines planned to be discontinued, slow-moving and obsolete inventory is written down to its estimated net realizable value. At December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012,
finished goods comprised 90% and 91% of inventories, respectively.    Equity Method Investment  
 For the Company’s equity method investments, only the Company’s investment in and amounts due to and from the equity method
investment are included in the consolidated balance sheets and only the Company’s share of the equity method investment’s earnings (losses) is included in the consolidated statements of operations. Dividends, cash distributions, loans or
other cash received from the equity method investment, additional cash investments, loan repayments or other cash paid to the investee are included in the consolidated statements of cash flows.  
 The Company reviews its equity method investments for impairment on a periodic basis. If it has been determined that the fair value of the
equity investment is less than its related carrying value and that this decline is other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the investment is adjusted downward to reflect these declines in value. The Company has one significant equity method
investment, its 50% interest in a joint venture with Discovery Communications, Inc. See note 5 for additional information.  
 Long-Lived Assets    The Company’s long-lived assets consist of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, other intangibles, and property, plant and equipment the Company considers to have a defined life.
   Goodwill results from acquisitions the Company has made over time. Substantially all of the other intangibles consist of the
cost of acquired product rights. In establishing the value of such rights, the Company considers existing trademarks, copyrights, patents, license agreements and other product-related rights. These rights were valued on their acquisition date based
on the anticipated future cash flows from the underlying product line. The Company has certain intangible assets related to the Tonka and Milton Bradley acquisitions that have an indefinite life.  
 Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized and are tested for impairment at least annually. The
annual test begins with goodwill and all intangible assets being allocated to applicable reporting units. Goodwill is then tested using a two-step process that begins with an estimation of fair value of the reporting unit using an income approach,
which looks to the present value of expected future cash flows. The first step is a screen for potential impairment while the second step measures the amount of impairment if there is an indication from the first step that one exists. Intangible
assets with indefinite lives are tested annually for impairment by comparing their carrying value to their estimated fair value, also calculated using the present value of expected future cash flows.  
 The remaining intangibles having defined lives are being amortized over periods ranging from five to twenty years, primarily using the
straight-line method. At December 29, 2013, approximately 12% of other intangibles, net are being amortized in proportion to projected revenues.    Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using accelerated and straight-line methods to depreciate the cost of property, plant and equipment
over their estimated useful lives. The principal lives, in years, used in determining depreciation rates of various assets are: land improvements 15 to 19, buildings and improvements 15 to 25 and machinery and equipment 3 to 12.
 
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
Depreciation expense is classified in the consolidated statements of operations based on the nature of the property and equipment being depreciated. Tools, dies and molds are depreciated over a
three-year period or their useful lives, whichever is less, using an accelerated method. The Company generally owns all tools, dies and molds related to its products.    The Company reviews property, plant and equipment and other intangibles with defined lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.
Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If such assets were considered to be impaired, the impairment to be
recognized would be measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds their fair value. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending on the nature of the assets. Assets to be disposed
of are carried at the lower of the net book value or their estimated fair value less disposal costs.    Financial
Instruments    Hasbro’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, short-term
borrowings, accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities. At December 29, 2013, the carrying cost of these instruments approximated their fair value. The Company’s financial instruments at December 29, 2013 also include long-term
borrowings (see note 9 for carrying cost and related fair values) as well as certain assets and liabilities measured at fair value (see notes 9, 12 and 16).    Revenue Recognition    Revenue from product sales is recognized
upon the passing of title to the customer, generally at the time of shipment. Provisions for discounts, rebates and returns are made when the related revenues are recognized. The Company bases its estimates for discounts, rebates and returns on
agreed customer terms and historical experience.    The Company enters into arrangements licensing its brands on specifically
approved products or formats. The licensees pay the Company royalties based on their revenues derived from the brands, in some cases subject to minimum guaranteed amounts. Royalty revenues are recognized as they are reported as earned and payment
becomes assured, over the life of the license agreement.    The Company produces television programming for license to third
parties. Revenues from the licensing of television programming are recorded when the content is available for telecast by the licensee and when certain other conditions are met.  
 Revenue from product sales less related provisions for discounts, rebates and returns, as well as royalty revenues and television
programming revenues comprise net revenues in the consolidated statements of operations.    Costs of Sales
   Cost of sales primarily consists of purchased materials, labor, manufacturing overheads and other
inventory-related costs such as obsolescence.    Royalties  
 The Company enters into license agreements with inventors, designers and others for the use of intellectual properties in its products.
These agreements may call for payment in advance or future payment of minimum  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
guaranteed amounts. Amounts paid in advance are recorded as an asset and charged to expense as revenue from the related products is recognized. If all or a portion of the minimum guaranteed
amounts appear not to be recoverable through future use of the rights obtained under license, the non-recoverable portion of the guaranty is charged to expense at that time.    Advertising    Production costs of commercials are expensed in
the fiscal year during which the production is first aired. The costs of other advertising and promotion programs are expensed in the fiscal year incurred.    Program Production Costs    The Company incurs costs in
connection with the production of television programming. These costs are capitalized by the Company as they are incurred and amortized using the individual-film-forecast method, whereby these costs are amortized in the proportion that the current
year’s revenues bear to management’s estimate of total ultimate revenues as of the beginning of such period related to the program. These capitalized costs are reported at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value,
and reviewed for impairment when an event or change in circumstances occurs that indicates that impairment may exist. The fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow model which is primarily based on management’s future revenue and
cost estimates.    Shipping and Handling  
 Hasbro expenses costs related to the shipment and handling of goods to customers as incurred. For 2013, 2012 and 2011, these costs
were $155,316, $157,035 and $173,028, respectively, and are included in selling, distribution and administration expenses.  
 Operating Leases    Hasbro records lease expense on a straight-line basis inclusive of rent concessions and increases. Reimbursements from lessors for leasehold improvements are deferred and recognized as a reduction to
lease expense over the remaining lease term.    Income Taxes  
 Hasbro uses the asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect
the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates expected to apply to taxable
income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not such assets will be unrealized. Deferred income taxes have not been provided on the
majority of undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries as the majority of such earnings are indefinitely reinvested by the Company.    The Company uses a two step process for the measurement of uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in a tax return. The first step is a determination of whether the tax
position should be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. The second step determines the measurement of the tax position. The Company records potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax
expense.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Foreign Currency Translation  
 Foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at period-end exchange rates, and revenues, costs and expenses
are translated at weighted average exchange rates during each reporting period. Net earnings include gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions and, when required, translation gains and losses resulting from the use of the U.S.
dollar as the functional currency in highly inflationary economies. Other gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements are a component of consolidated other comprehensive earnings.  
 Pension Plans, Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits  
 Pension expense and related amounts in the consolidated balance sheets are based on actuarial computations of current and future benefits.
The Company’s policy is to fund amounts which are required by applicable regulations and which are tax deductible. In 2014, the Company expects to contribute approximately $6,400 to its pension plans. The estimated amounts of future payments to
be made under other retirement programs are being accrued currently over the period of active employment and are also included in pension expense. Hasbro has a contributory postretirement health and life insurance plan covering substantially all
employees who retire under any of its United States defined benefit pension plans and meet certain age and length of service requirements. The cost of providing these benefits on behalf of employees who retired prior to 1993 is and will continue to
be substantially borne by the Company. The cost of providing benefits on behalf of substantially all employees who retire after 1992 is borne by the employee. It also has several plans covering certain groups of employees, which may provide benefits
to such employees following their period of employment but prior to their retirement. The Company measures the costs of these obligations based on actuarial computations.    Stock-Based Compensation    The Company has a stock-based
employee compensation plan for employees and non-employee members of the Company’s Board of Directors. Under this plan the Company may grant stock options at or above the fair market value of the Company’s stock, as well as restricted
stock, restricted stock units and contingent stock performance awards. All awards are measured at fair value at the date of the grant and amortized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. For awards
contingent upon Company performance, the measurement of the expense for these awards is based on the Company’s current estimate of its performance over the performance period. For awards contingent upon the achievement of market conditions, the
probability of satisfying the market condition is considered in the estimation of the grant date fair value. See note 13 for further discussion.    Risk Management Contracts    Hasbro uses foreign currency
forward contracts to mitigate the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected future foreign currency transactions. These over-the-counter contracts, which hedge future purchases of inventory and other cross-border
currency requirements not denominated in the functional currency of the business unit, are primarily denominated in United States and Hong Kong dollars as well as Euros. Further, the Company also uses forward-starting interest rate swap agreements
to hedge the anticipated future interest payments related to the expected refinancing of the Company’s long-term debt due in 2014. All contracts are entered into with a number of counterparties, all of which are major financial institutions.
The Company believes that a default by a counterparty would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. Hasbro does not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.  
 At the inception of the contracts, Hasbro designates its derivatives as either cash flow or fair value hedges. The Company formally
documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items as well as its  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions. All hedges designated as cash flow hedges are linked to forecasted transactions and the Company
assesses, both at the inception of the hedge and on an on-going basis, the effectiveness of the derivatives used in hedging transactions in offsetting changes in the cash flows of the forecasted transaction. The ineffective portion of a hedging
derivative, if any, is immediately recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.    The Company records all
derivatives, such as foreign currency exchange contracts and forward-starting interest rate swap contracts, on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Changes in the derivative fair values that are designated as cash flow hedges and are
effective are deferred and recorded as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Earnings (“AOCE”) until the hedged transactions occur and are then recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company’s
foreign currency and forward-starting interest rate swap contracts hedging anticipated cash flows are designated as cash flow hedges. When it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge, the Company discontinues hedge
accounting prospectively. Any gain or loss deferred through that date remains in AOCE until the forecasted transaction occurs, at which time it is reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations. To the extent the transaction is no longer
deemed probable of occurring, hedge accounting treatment is discontinued and amounts deferred would be reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations. In the event hedge accounting requirements are not met, gains and losses on such
instruments are included currently in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses derivatives to economically hedge intercompany loans denominated in foreign currencies. The Company does not use hedge accounting for these contracts
as changes in the fair value of these contracts are substantially offset by changes in the fair value of the intercompany loans.    The Company also used interest rate swap agreements to adjust the amount of long-term debt subject to fixed interest rates. The interest rate swaps were matched with long-term debt due in 2014 and
designated as fair value hedges of the change in fair value of the related debt obligations. These agreements were recorded at their fair value as an asset or liability. Gains and losses on these contracts were included in the consolidated
statements of operations and wholly offset by changes in the fair value of the related long-term debt. In November 2012, these interest rate swap agreements were terminated. The realized gain on the interest rate swaps was recorded as an adjustment
to long-term debt and is being amortized through the consolidated statements of operations over the term of the related long-term debt using a straight-line method.    Net Earnings Per Common Share    Basic net earnings per share
is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the year. Diluted net earnings per share is similar except that the weighted average number of shares outstanding is increased by dilutive securities, and
net earnings are adjusted, if necessary, for certain amounts related to dilutive securities. Dilutive securities include shares issuable upon exercise of stock options for which the market price exceeds the exercise price, less shares which could
have been purchased by the Company with the related proceeds. Dilutive securities also include shares issuable under restricted stock unit award agreements. Options and restricted stock unit awards totaling 760, 3,409 and 1,851 for 2013, 2012 and
2011, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because to include them would have been antidilutive.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  A reconciliation of net earnings and average number of shares for each of the three
fiscal years ended December 29, 2013 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
   
    
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   
    
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   
    
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   


 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 286,198 
    
    
   
 286,198 
    
    
   
 335,999 
    
    
   
 335,999 
    
    
   
 385,367 
    
    
   
 385,367 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Average shares outstanding 
    
   
 130,186 
    
    
   
 130,186 
    
    
   
 130,067 
    
    
   
 130,067 
    
    
   
 133,823 
    
    
   
 133,823 
    
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Options and other share-based awards 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,602 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,859 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2,874 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Equivalent shares 
    
   
 130,186 
    
    
   
 131,788 
    
    
   
 130,067 
    
    
   
 131,926 
    
    
   
 133,823 
    
    
   
 136,697 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. per share 
    
 $ 
 2.20 
    
    
   
 2.17 
    
    
   
 2.58 
    
    
   
 2.55 
    
    
   
 2.88 
    
    
   
 2.82 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   (2)     Other Comprehensive Earnings (Loss)   
 Components of other comprehensive earnings (loss) are presented within the consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings. The
following table presents the related tax effects on changes in other comprehensive earnings (loss) for the three years ended December 29, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Other comprehensive earnings (loss), tax effect: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on cash flow hedging activities 
    
 $ 
 (511 
 )  
   
   
 (384 
 )  
   
   
 1,395 
    
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts 
    
   
 (25,193 
 )  
   
   
 18,714 
    
   
   
 8,757 
    
 
   Reclassifications to earnings, tax effect: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax (benefit) expense on cash flow hedging activities 
    
   
 946 
    
   
   
 1,378 
    
   
   
 402 
    
 
   Tax (benefit) expense on unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts reclassified to the consolidated statements of
operations 
    
   
 (4,275 
 )  
   
   
 (2,498 
 )  
   
   
 (1,973 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total tax effect on other comprehensive earnings 
    
 $ 
 (29,033 
 )  
   
   
 17,210 
    
   
   
 8,581 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In 2013, 2012 and 2011, net losses on cash flow hedging activities reclassified to earnings, net of tax,
included losses of $168, $90 and $100, respectively, as a result of hedge ineffectiveness.    At December 29, 2013, the
Company had remaining net deferred losses on hedging instruments, net of tax, of $7,313 in AOCE. These instruments hedge payments related to inventory purchased in the fourth quarter of 2013 or forecasted to be purchased during 2014 and 2015,
intercompany expenses expected to be paid or received during 2014 and 2015, cash receipts for sales made at the end of 2013 or forecasted to be made in 2014 and interest expenses expected to be paid on an expected issuance of long-term debt in
2014. These amounts will be reclassified into the consolidated statements of operations upon the sale of the related inventory or recognition of the related sales, royalties or expenses. Of the net deferred losses included in AOCE at
December 29, 2013, the Company expects approximately $6,500 to be reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations within the next 12 months. However, the amount ultimately realized in earnings is dependent on the fair value of the
hedging instruments on the settlement dates.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax
are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension and Postretirement Amounts 
   
   
 Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments 
   
   
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 
   
   
 Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) 
   


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 (120,422 
 )  
   
   
 (1,008 
 )  
   
   
 49,123 
    
   
   
 (72,307 
 )  
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 47,081 
    
   
   
 (3,075 
 )  
   
   
 (11,104 
 )  
   
   
 32,902 
    
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
    
   
 8,500 
    
   
   
 (3,230 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,270 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 29, 2013 
    
 $ 
 (64,841 
 )  
   
   
 (7,313 
 )  
   
   
 38,019 
    
   
   
 (34,135 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 25, 2011 
    
 $ 
 (86,822 
 )  
   
   
 10,081 
    
   
   
 40,798 
    
   
   
 (35,943 
 )  
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 (38,335 
 )  
   
   
 (3,704 
 )  
   
   
 8,325 
    
   
   
 (33,714 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
    
   
 4,735 
    
   
   
 (7,385 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2,650 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 (120,422 
 )  
   
   
 (1,008 
 )  
   
   
 49,123 
    
   
   
 (72,307 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2011 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 26, 2010 
    
 $ 
 (69,925 
 )  
   
   
 15,432 
    
   
   
 62,642 
    
   
   
 8,149 
    
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 (20,237 
 )  
   
   
 (8,689 
 )  
   
   
 (21,844 
 )  
   
   
 (50,770 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
    
   
 3,340 
    
   
   
 3,338 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6,678 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 25, 2011 
    
 $ 
 (86,822 
 )  
   
   
 10,081 
    
   
   
 40,798 
    
   
   
 (35,943 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See notes 14 and 16 for additional discussion on reclassifications from AOCE to earnings.  
 (3)     Property, Plant and Equipment       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Land and improvements 
    
 $ 
 7,870 
    
    
   
 7,197 
    
 
   Buildings and improvements 
    
   
 241,886 
    
    
   
 228,611 
    
 
   Machinery, equipment and software 
    
   
 435,778 
    
    
   
 426,992 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 685,534 
    
    
   
 662,800 
    
 
   Less accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 500,478 
    
    
   
 481,513 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 185,056 
    
    
   
 181,287 
    
 
   Tools, dies and molds, net of accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 51,207 
    
    
   
 49,127 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
    
 $ 
 236,263 
    
    
   
 230,414 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Expenditures for maintenance and repairs which do not materially extend the life of the assets are charged
to operations as incurred.  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (4)     Goodwill and Intangibles   
 Goodwill and certain intangible assets relating to rights obtained in the Company’s acquisition of Milton Bradley in 1984 and Tonka
in 1991 are not amortized. These rights were determined to have indefinite lives and total approximately $75,700. The Company’s other intangible assets are amortized over their remaining useful lives, and accumulated amortization of these other
intangibles is reflected in other intangibles, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.    The Company performs an
annual impairment test on goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives. This annual impairment test is performed in the fourth quarter of the Company’s fiscal year. In addition, if an event occurs or circumstances change that
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Company will perform an interim impairment test at that time. For the three fiscal years ended December 29, 2013, no such events occurred. The Company completed its annual
impairment tests of goodwill in the fourth quarters of 2013, 2012 and 2011 concluding that the fair value of each reporting unit substantially exceeded the carrying value and therefore, no impairment charges were taken in each of the three years.
   A portion of the Company’s goodwill and other intangible assets reside in the Corporate segment of the business. For
purposes of the goodwill impairment testing, these assets are allocated to the reporting units within the Company’s operating segments. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, by operating segment, for the years ended December 29, 2013
and December 30, 2012 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 U.S. and Canada 
   
    
 International 
   
    
 Entertainment and Licensing 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
    
    
   
 171,451 
    
    
   
 6,496 
    
    
   
 474,925 
    
 
   Acquired during the period 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 119,111 
    
    
   
 119,111 
    
 
   Foreign exchange translation 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 285 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 285 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 29, 2013 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
    
    
   
 171,736 
    
    
   
 125,607 
    
    
   
 594,321 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 25, 2011 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
    
    
   
 171,318 
    
    
   
 6,496 
    
    
   
 474,792 
    
 
   Foreign exchange translation 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 133 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 133 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
    
    
   
 171,451 
    
    
   
 6,496 
    
    
   
 474,925 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   On July 8, 2013, the Company acquired a majority interest in Backflip Studios, LLC
(“Backflip”), a mobile game developer based in Boulder, Colorado. The Company paid $112,000 in cash to acquire a 70% interest in Backflip, and will be required to purchase the remaining 30% in the future contingent on the achievement by
Backflip of certain predetermined financial performance metrics. The Company is consolidating the financial statements of Backflip and reporting the 30% redeemable noncontrolling interests as a separate line in the consolidated balance sheets and
statements of operations.    Based on a valuation of approximately $160,000, the Company has allocated approximately $6,000 to
net tangible assets, $35,000 to identifiable intangible assets, $119,000 to goodwill, and $48,000 to redeemable noncontrolling interests. The valuation was based on the income approach which utilizes discounted future cash flows expected to be
generated from the acquired business. Identifiable intangible assets include property rights which are being amortized over the projected revenue curve over a period of four years. During 2013, amortization of intangibles includes $8,100 related to
these assets. Goodwill reflects the value to the Company from leveraging Backflip’s expertise in developing and marketing mobile digital games, including the continued expansion of its own brands in this arena. The goodwill recorded as part of
this acquisition will be reflected in  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
the Entertainment and Licensing segment and the amortization will be deductible for income tax purposes. The $48,000 value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests has been presented in the
consolidated balance sheets as temporary equity between liabilities and shareholders’ equity. This presentation is required because the Company has the obligation to purchase the remaining 30% of Backflip in the future contingent on the
achievement by Backflip of certain predetermined financial performance metrics.    The consolidated statements of operations for
the year ended December 29, 2013 include the operations of Backflip from the closing date of July 8, 2013. Actual and pro forma results have not been disclosed because they are not material to the consolidated financial statements. Net
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 29, 2013 was $2,270.    A summary of the
Company’s other intangibles, net at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Acquired product rights 
    
 $ 
 788,544 
    
   
   
 751,016 
    
 
   Licensed rights of entertainment properties 
    
   
 256,555 
    
   
   
 256,555 
    
 
   Accumulated amortization 
    
   
 (744,838 
 )  
   
   
 (666,650 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Amortizable intangible assets 
    
   
 300,261 
    
   
   
 340,921 
    
 
   Product rights with indefinite lives 
    
   
 75,738 
    
   
   
 75,738 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other intangibles, net 
    
 $ 
 375,999 
    
   
   
 416,659 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Intangible assets, other than those with indefinite lives, are reviewed for indications of impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. During 2013, the Company incurred $19,736 in impairment charges related to certain product lines which the Company exited as well as product lines with
reduced expectations. The Company will continue to incur amortization expense related to the use of acquired and licensed rights to produce various products. A portion of the amortization of these product rights will fluctuate depending on brand
activation, related revenues during an annual period and future expectations, as well as rights reaching the end of their useful lives. The Company currently estimates amortization expense related to the above intangible assets for the next
five years to be approximately:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 56,000 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 44,000 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 36,000 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 35,000 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 24,000 
    
   (5)     Equity Method Investment   
 The Company owns a 50% interest in a joint venture, Hub Television Networks, LLC (“Hub Network”), with Discovery Communications,
Inc. (“Discovery”). Hub Network was established to create a cable television network in the United States dedicated to high-quality children’s and family entertainment. The Company purchased its 50% share in Hub Network for a
payment of $300,000 and certain future payments based on the value of certain tax benefits expected to be received by the Company. The present value of the expected future payments at the acquisition date totaled approximately $67,900 and was
recorded as a component of the Company’s investment in the joint venture. The balance of the associated liability, including imputed interest, was $69,749 and $71,072 at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, respectively, and is
included as a component of other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company made payments under the tax sharing agreement to Discovery of $6,541, $5,954 and $5,443, respectively.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Voting control of Hub Network is shared 50/50 between the Company and Discovery. The
Company has determined that it does not meet the control requirements to consolidate Hub Network, and accounts for the investment using the equity method of accounting. The Company’s share in the loss of Hub Network for the years ended
December 29, 2013, December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011 totaled $2,386, $6,015 and $7,290, respectively, and is included as a component of other (income) expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
   The Company has a license agreement with Hub Network that requires the payment of royalties by the Company to Hub Network
based on a percentage of revenue derived from products related to television shows broadcast by the joint venture. The license agreement includes a minimum royalty guarantee of $125,000, payable in 5 annual installments of $25,000 per year,
commencing in 2009, which can be earned out over approximately a 10-year period. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company paid annual installments of $25,000 each which are included in other, including long-term advances in the consolidated
statements of cash flows. The payment made in 2013 was the final installment under this agreement. As of December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, the Company had $101,823 and $89,914 of prepaid royalties, respectively, related to this
agreement, $15,955 and $12,400, respectively, of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $85,868 and $77,514, respectively, of which are included in other assets. The Company and Hub Network are also parties to an
agreement under which the Company will provide Hub Network with an exclusive first look in the U.S. to license certain types of programming developed by the Company based on its intellectual property. In the event Hub Network licenses the
programming from the Company to air on the network, it is required to pay the Company a license fee.    As of December 29,
2013 and December 30, 2012, the Company’s interest in Hub Network totaled $321,876 and $330,746, respectively, and is a component of other assets. The Company also enters into certain other transactions with Hub Network including the
licensing of television programming and the purchase of advertising. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, these transactions were not material.  
 (6)     Program Production Costs     Program production costs are included in other assets and consist of the following at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Released, less amortization 
    
 $ 
 59,783 
    
    
   
 65,201 
    
 
   In production 
    
   
 17,683 
    
    
   
 22,909 
    
 
   Pre-production 
    
   
 2,499 
    
    
   
 3,865 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total program production costs 
    
 $ 
 79,965 
    
    
   
 91,975 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Based on management’s total revenue estimates at December 29, 2013, 93% of the unamortized
television programming costs relating to released productions are expected to be amortized during the next three years. Based on current estimates, the Company expects to amortize approximately $22,700 of the $59,783 of released programs during
fiscal 2014.    (7)     Financing Arrangements   
 At December 29, 2013, Hasbro had available an unsecured committed line and unsecured uncommitted lines of credit from various banks
approximating $700,000 and $102,000, respectively. All of the short-term borrowings outstanding at the end of 2013 and a portion of the short-term borrowings outstanding at the end of 2012 represent borrowings made under, or supported by, these
lines of credit. Borrowings under the lines of  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
credit were made by certain international affiliates of the Company on terms and at interest rates generally extended to companies of comparable creditworthiness in those markets. The weighted
average interest rates of the outstanding borrowings under the uncommitted lines of credit as of December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012 were 5.25% and 5.79%, respectively. The Company had no borrowings outstanding under its committed line
of credit or commercial paper program at December 29, 2013. During 2013, Hasbro’s working capital needs were fulfilled by cash generated from operations, borrowings under lines of credit and utilization of its commercial paper program
discussed below.    The unsecured committed line of credit, as amended on October 2012 (the “Agreement”), provides the
Company with a $700,000 committed borrowing facility through October 1, 2017. The Agreement contains certain financial covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade
facility, including with respect to liens, mergers and incurrence of indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of and for the year ended December 29, 2013.  
 The Company pays a commitment fee (0.15% as of December 29, 2013) based on the unused portion of the facility and interest equal to a
Base Rate or Eurocurrency Rate plus a spread on borrowings under the facility. The Base Rate is determined based on either the Federal Funds Rate plus a spread, Prime Rate or Eurocurrency Rate plus a spread. The commitment fee and the amount of the
spread to the Base Rate or Eurocurrency Rate both vary based on the Company’s long-term debt ratings and the Company’s leverage. At December 29, 2013, the interest rate under the facility was equal to Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.25%.
   In January 2011, the Company entered into an agreement with a group of banks to establish a commercial paper program (the
“Program”). Under the Program, at the Company’s request the banks may either purchase from the Company, or arrange for the sale by the Company of, unsecured commercial paper notes. Under the Program, the Company may issue notes from
time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of $700,000. The maturities of the notes may vary but may not exceed 397 days. Subject to market conditions, the notes will be sold under customary terms in the
commercial paper market and will be issued at a discount to par, or alternatively, will be sold at par and will bear varying interest rates based on a fixed or floating rate basis. The interest rates will vary based on market conditions and the
ratings assigned to the notes by the credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. At December 30, 2012, the Company had notes outstanding under the Program of $209,190 with a weighted average interest rate of 1.46%. There were no notes
outstanding under the Program at December 29, 2013.    (8)     Accrued Liabilities   
 Components of accrued liabilities are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Royalties 
    
 $ 
 168,950 
    
    
   
 133,009 
    
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 84,815 
    
    
   
 85,401 
    
 
   Payroll and management incentives 
    
   
 73,970 
    
    
   
 70,954 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 400,024 
    
    
   
 306,800 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 727,759 
    
    
   
 596,164 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (9)     Long-Term Debt   
 Components of long-term debt are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   6.35% Notes Due 2040 
    
 $ 
 500,000 
    
    
   
 532,750 
    
    
   
 500,000 
    
    
   
 615,650 
    
 
   6.125% Notes Due 2014 
    
   
 428,390 
    
    
   
 435,838 
    
    
   
 436,526 
    
    
   
 455,175 
    
 
   6.30% Notes Due 2017 
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 400,050 
    
    
   
 350,000 
    
    
   
 399,700 
    
 
   6.60% Debentures Due 2028 
    
   
 109,895 
    
    
   
 118,566 
    
    
   
 109,895 
    
    
   
 129,687 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term debt 
    
   
 1,388,285 
    
    
   
 1,487,204 
    
    
   
 1,396,421 
    
    
   
 1,600,212 
    
 
   Less: current portion 
    
   
 428,390 
    
    
   
 435,838 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt excluding current portion 
    
 $ 
 959,895 
    
    
   
 1,051,366 
    
    
   
 1,396,421 
    
    
   
 1,600,212 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The carrying cost of the 6.125% Notes Due 2014 include principal amounts of $425,000 as well as fair value
adjustments of $3,390 and $11,526 at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, respectively, related to interest rate swaps. The interest rate swaps were terminated in November 2012 and the fair value adjustments at December 29, 2013
and December 30, 2012 represent the unamortized portion of the fair value of the interest rate swaps at the date of termination. At December 29, 2013, the principal amount and fair value adjustment associated with the 6.125 % Notes
Due 2014, totaling $428,390, were included in the current portion of  long-term  debt. All other carrying costs represent principal amounts and were included in long-term debt excluding the current portion at
December 29, 2013. Total principal amounts of long-term debt at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012 were $1,384,895.    The fair values of the Company’s long-term debt are considered Level 3 fair values (see note 12 for further discussion of the fair value hierarchy) and are measured using the discounted future cash
flows method. In addition to the debt terms, the valuation methodology includes an assumption of a discount rate that approximates the current yield on a similar debt security. This assumption is considered an unobservable input in that it reflects
the Company’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company believes that this is the best information available for use in the fair value measurement.  
 Interest rates for the 6.30% Notes Due 2017 may be adjusted upward in the event that the Company’s credit rating from Moody’s
Investor Services, Inc., Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings is reduced to Ba1, BB+, or BB+, respectively, or below. At December 29, 2013, the Company’s ratings from Moody’s Investor Services, Inc.,
Standard & Poor’s Rating Services and Fitch Ratings were Baa2, BBB, and BBB+, respectively. The interest rate adjustment is dependent on the degree of decrease of the Company’s ratings and could range from 0.25% to a maximum of
2.00%. The Company may redeem these notes at its option at the greater of the principal amount of these notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments discounted using the effective interest rate on applicable U.S. Treasury bills at
the time of repurchase.    The Company was party to a series of interest rate swap agreements to adjust the amount of debt that
is subject to fixed interest rates. In November 2012, these interest rate swap agreements were terminated. The fair value was recorded as an adjustment to long-term debt and is being amortized through the consolidated statements of operations over
the life of the related debt using a straight-line method. At December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, this adjustment to long-term debt was $3,390 and $11,526, respectively. The interest rate swaps were matched with the 6.125% Notes Due
2014, accounted for as fair value hedges of those notes and were designated and effective as hedges of the change in the fair value of the associated debt. The Company  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
recorded a gain of $3,191 and $15,511 on these instruments in other (income) expense, net for the years ended December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011, respectively, relating to the
change in fair value of the interest rate swaps, wholly offsetting gains and losses from the change in fair value of the associated long-term debt.    At December 29, 2013, as detailed above, the Company’s 6.125% Notes mature in 2014 and 6.30% Notes mature in 2017. All of the Company’s other long-term borrowings have contractual
maturities that occur subsequent to 2017. The aggregate principal amount of long-term debt maturing in the next five years is $775,000.  
 (10)     Income Taxes     Income taxes attributable to earnings before income taxes are:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Current 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 12,760 
    
   
   
 64,076 
    
   
   
 49,233 
    
 
   State and local 
    
   
 1,677 
    
   
   
 1,587 
    
   
   
 2,538 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 72,640 
    
   
   
 67,826 
    
   
   
 52,176 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 87,077 
    
   
   
 133,489 
    
   
   
 103,947 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
   
 (10,751 
 )  
   
   
 (8,832 
 )  
   
   
 (1,973 
 )  
 
   State and local 
    
   
 (368 
 )  
   
   
 (303 
 )  
   
   
 (68 
 )  
 
   International 
    
   
 (8,064 
 )  
   
   
 (6,951 
 )  
   
   
 (880 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (19,183 
 )  
   
   
 (16,086 
 )  
   
   
 (2,921 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total income taxes 
    
 $ 
  67,894 
    
   
   
 117,403 
    
   
   
 101,026 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Certain income tax (benefits) expenses, not reflected in income taxes in the consolidated statements of
operations totaled $6,733 in 2013, $(31,682) in 2012 and $(18,266) in 2011 which relate primarily to stock options. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, the deferred tax portion of the total (benefit) expense was $29,033, $(17,210) and $(8,581),
respectively.    A reconciliation of the statutory United States federal income tax rate to Hasbro’s effective income tax
rate is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Statutory income tax rate 
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   State and local income taxes, net 
    
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
 
   Tax on international earnings 
    
   
 (11.4 
 )  
   
   
 (9.4 
 )  
   
   
 (11.4 
 )  
 
   Exam settlements and statute expirations 
    
   
 (7.4 
 )  
   
   
 (7.0 
 )  
   
   
 (4.6 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 2.8 
    
   
   
 7.0 
    
   
   
 1.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 19.3 
 %  
   
   
 25.9 
 %  
   
   
 20.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The components of earnings before income taxes, determined by tax jurisdiction, are as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 54,424 
    
    
   
 113,893 
    
    
   
 132,255 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 297,398 
    
    
   
 339,509 
    
    
   
 354,138 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total earnings before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 351,822 
    
    
   
 453,402 
    
    
   
 486,393 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The components of deferred income tax expense (benefit) arise from various temporary
differences and relate to items included in the consolidated statements of operations as well as items recognized in other comprehensive earnings. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax
assets and liabilities at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012 are:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 $ 
 20,853 
    
   
   
 21,410 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 16,272 
    
   
   
 15,472 
    
 
   Loss carryforwards 
    
   
 27,870 
    
   
   
 25,083 
    
 
   Operating expenses 
    
   
 54,255 
    
   
   
 46,879 
    
 
   Pension 
    
   
 31,533 
    
   
   
 49,159 
    
 
   Other compensation 
    
   
 46,206 
    
   
   
 53,611 
    
 
   Postretirement benefits 
    
   
 12,873 
    
   
   
 16,447 
    
 
   Tax sharing agreement 
    
   
 24,835 
    
   
   
 25,510 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 30,338 
    
   
   
 31,038 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross deferred tax assets 
    
   
 265,035 
    
   
   
 284,609 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (21,474 
 )  
   
   
 (17,145 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
   
 243,561 
    
   
   
 267,464 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets 
    
   
 66,856 
    
   
   
 76,365 
    
 
   Equity method investment 
    
   
 18,571 
    
   
   
 19,967 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 5,455 
    
   
   
 7,655 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 90,882 
    
   
   
 103,987 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 152,679 
    
   
   
 163,477 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Hasbro has a valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets at December 29, 2013 of $21,474,
which is an increase of $4,329 from $17,145 at December 30, 2012. The valuation allowance pertains to certain U.S. state and international loss carryforwards, some of which have no expiration and others that would expire beginning in 2015.
   Based on Hasbro’s history of taxable income and the anticipation of sufficient taxable income in years when the temporary
differences are expected to become tax deductions, the Company believes that it will realize the benefit of the deferred tax assets, net of the existing valuation allowance.    At December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, the Company’s net deferred income taxes are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
 $ 
 86,634 
    
   
   
 85,429 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 67,773 
    
   
   
 79,746 
    
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 (183 
 )  
   
   
 (641 
 )  
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 (1,545 
 )  
   
   
 (1,057 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 152,679 
    
   
   
 163,477 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  A reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding potential interest and
penalties, for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2013, December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 103,067 
    
   
   
 83,814 
    
   
   
 91,109 
    
 
   Gross increases in prior period tax positions 
    
   
 8,677 
    
   
   
 3,089 
    
   
   
 811 
    
 
   Gross decreases in prior period tax positions 
    
   
 (33,181 
 )  
   
   
 (10,856 
 )  
   
   
 (33,501 
 )  
 
   Gross increases in current period tax positions 
    
   
 10,353 
    
   
   
 30,008 
    
   
   
 27,910 
    
 
   Decreases related to settlements with tax authorities 
    
   
 (31,478 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (792 
 )  
 
   Decreases from the expiration of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (1,979 
 )  
   
   
 (2,988 
 )  
   
   
 (1,723 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 55,459 
    
   
   
 103,067 
    
   
   
 83,814 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   If the $55,459 balance as of December 29, 2013 is recognized, approximately $54,000 would decrease
the effective tax rate in the period in which each of the benefits is recognized. The remaining amount would be offset by the reversal of related deferred tax assets.    During 2013, 2012, and 2011 the Company recognized $4,634, $3,110 and $3,100, respectively, of potential interest and penalties, which are included as a component of income taxes in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. At December 29, 2013, December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011, the Company had accrued potential interest and penalties of $24,547, $20,377 and $13,847, respectively.  
 The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the United States and various state and international jurisdictions. In the
normal course of business, the Company is regularly audited by U.S. federal, state and local and international tax authorities in various tax jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for years before
2010. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. state or local and non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities in its major jurisdictions for years before 2006.  
 During 2013, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service completed an examination related to the 2008 and 2009 U.S. federal income tax returns. As
the result of the completion of this examination, unrecognized tax benefits, which are included as a component of other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, decreased $67,174. Of this amount, $29,970 was recorded as an increase to current
liabilities, $14,112 as a reduction of deferred tax assets and the remainder as a reduction of income tax expense. The total income tax benefit resulting from the completion of the examination, including other adjustments, totaled $23,637 during
2013. The Company is currently under income tax examination in several U.S. state and local and non-U.S. jurisdictions.    During
2011, as a result of the completion of an examination related to the 2006 and 2007 U.S. federal income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the Company recognized $22,101 of previously accrued unrecognized tax benefits, including the
reversal of related accrued interest, primarily related to the deductibility of certain expenses, as well as the tax treatment of certain subsidiary and other transactions. Of this amount, $1,482 was recorded as a reduction of deferred tax
assets and the remainder as a reduction of income tax expense. The total income tax benefit resulting from the completion of the examination, including other adjustments, totaled $20,477 during 2011.  
 In connection with tax examinations in Mexico for the years 2000 to 2007, the Company has received tax assessments totaling approximately
$248,760, which includes interest, penalties and inflation updates, related to transfer pricing which the Company is vigorously defending. In order to continue the process of defending its position, the Company was required to guarantee the amount
of the assessments for the years 2000 to 2004, as is usual and customary in Mexico with respect to these matters. Accordingly, as of December 29, 2013, bonds  
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
totaling approximately $187,130 (at year-end 2013 exchange rates) have been provided to the Mexican government related to the 2000 through 2004 assessments, allowing the Company to defend its
positions. The Company is not currently required to guarantee the amount of the 2005 through 2007 assessments. The Company expects to be successful in sustaining its position with respect to these assessments as well as similar positions that may be
taken by the Mexican tax authorities for periods subsequent to 2007.    The Company believes it is reasonably possible that
certain tax examinations and statutes of limitations may be concluded and will expire within the next 12 months, and that unrecognized tax benefits, excluding potential interest and penalties, may decrease by up to approximately $5,500,
substantially all of which would be recorded as a tax benefit in the consolidated statements of operations. In addition, approximately $800 of potential interest and penalties related to these amounts would also be recorded as a tax benefit in the
consolidated statements of operations.    The cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of Hasbro’s international
subsidiaries held for indefinite reinvestment is approximately $1,861,000 at December 29, 2013. In the event that all international undistributed earnings were remitted to the United States, the amount of incremental taxes would be
approximately $492,000.    (11)     Capital Stock   
 In each of May 2011 and August 2013 the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchases of up to $500,000 in common stock
after five previous authorizations dated May 2005, July 2006, August 2007, February 2008 and April 2010 with a cumulative authorized repurchase amount of $2,325,000 were fully utilized. Purchases of the Company’s common
stock may be made from time to time, subject to market conditions, and may be made in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company has no obligation to repurchase shares under the authorization and the time, actual
number, and the value of the shares which are repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including the price of the Company’s common stock. In 2013, the Company repurchased 2,268 shares at an average price of $45.17. The total
cost of these repurchases, including transaction costs, was $102,505. At December 29, 2013, $524,822 remained under the current authorizations.    (12)     Fair Value of Financial Instruments     The
Company measures certain assets at fair value in accordance with current accounting standards. The fair value hierarchy consists of three levels: Level 1 fair values are valuations based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets
or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access; Level 2 fair values are those valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be
corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and Level 3 fair values are valuations based on inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
assets or liabilities. There have been no transfers between levels within the fair value hierarchy.    Current accounting
standards permit entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and establish presentation and disclosure requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between entities that choose different
measurement attributes for similar assets and liabilities. The Company has elected the fair value option for certain investments. At December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, these investments totaled $28,048 and $24,091, respectively, and
are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded net gains of $152, $2,504 and $61 on these investments in other (income) expense, net for the years ended December 29,
2013, December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011, respectively, relating to the change in fair value of such investments.  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  At December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, the Company had the following
assets and liabilities measured at fair value in its consolidated balance sheets:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level
 3) 
   


 
   December 29, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale securities 
    
 $ 
 28,048 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 22,564 
    
    
   
 5,484 
    
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 4,627 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4,627 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 32,675 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 27,191 
    
    
   
 5,484 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 12,330 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 12,330 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   December 30, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale securities 
    
 $ 
 24,099 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 18,986 
    
    
   
 5,105 
    
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 4,254 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,741 
    
    
   
 2,513 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 28,353 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 20,727 
    
    
   
 7,618 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 3,461 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 3,461 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Certain available-for-sale securities held by the Company are valued at the net asset value which is
quoted on a private market that is not active; however, the unit price is predominantly based on underlying investments which are traded on an active market. Investments valued at net asset value are redeemable within 45 days. In 2012 the Company
purchased an available-for-sale investment which invests in hedge funds which contain financial instruments that are valued using certain estimates which are considered unobservable in that they reflect the investment manager’s own assumptions
about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company believes that these estimates are the best information available for use in the fair value of this investment. The Company’s derivatives consist
primarily of foreign currency forward and forward-starting interest rate contracts. The Company uses current forward rates of the respective foreign currencies and U.S. treasury interest rates to measure the fair value of these contracts. At
December 30, 2012, derivative instruments also included warrants to purchase common stock of an unrelated company. The Company used the Black-Scholes model to value these warrants. One of the inputs used in the Black-Scholes model, historical
volatility, is considered an unobservable input in that it reflects the Company’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company believed that this was the best information
available for use in the fair value measurement. There were no changes in these valuation techniques during 2013.  
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the fair value
measurements of the Company’s financial instruments which use significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 7,618 
    
   
   
 3,724 
    
 
   Purchases 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,000 
    
 
   Sales 
    
   
 (990 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Loss from change in fair value 
    
   
 (1,144 
 )  
   
   
 (1,106 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 5,484 
    
   
   
 7,618 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   (13)     Stock Options, Other Stock Awards and Warrants   
 Hasbro has reserved 14,766 shares of its common stock for issuance upon exercise of options and other awards granted or to be granted
under stock incentive plans for employees and for non-employee members of the Board of Directors (collectively, the “plans”). These awards generally vest and are expensed in equal annual amounts over three to five years. The plans provide
that options be granted at exercise prices not less than the market value of the underlying common stock on the date the option is granted and options are adjusted for such changes as stock splits and stock dividends. Generally, options are
exercisable for periods of no more than seven years after date of grant. Upon exercise in the case of stock options, grant in the case of restricted stock or vesting in the case of performance based contingent stock and restricted stock unit grants,
shares are issued out of available treasury shares. The Company’s current plan permits the granting of awards in the form of stock, stock appreciation rights, stock awards and cash awards in addition to stock options.  
 Total compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock units, including those awards made to non-employee members of its
Board of Directors, and stock performance awards for the years ended December 29, 2013, December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011 was $21,272, $19,434 and $12,463, respectively, and was recorded as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 152 
    
    
   
 146 
    
    
   
 51 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 1,767 
    
    
   
 1,854 
    
    
   
 556 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 19,353 
    
    
   
 17,434 
    
    
   
 11,856 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 21,272 
    
    
   
 19,434 
    
    
   
 12,463 
    
 
   Income tax benefit 
    
   
 7,065 
    
    
   
 6,392 
    
    
   
 4,202 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 14,207 
    
    
   
 13,042 
    
    
   
 8,261 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Restricted Stock Units  
 The Company on occasion will issue restricted stock or grant restricted stock units to certain key employees. These shares or units are
nontransferable and subject to forfeiture for periods prescribed by the Company. These awards are valued at the market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant and are subsequently amortized over the periods during which the
restrictions lapse, generally between three and five years. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized compensation expense, net of forfeitures, on these awards of $8,732, $2,328 and $1,761, respectively. At December 29, 2013, the
amount of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units is $37,482 and the weighted average period over which this will be expensed is 40 months.  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  In October 2012, as part of an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer was awarded 587 shares to be granted in two tranches across 2013 and 2014. As of May 2013, both tranches met the accounting definition for grant date and, as such, are being expensed from 2013 through 2017. The
expense related to 2013 is included in the aforementioned recognized and unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock units. 468 shares of this award are considered granted in 2013 and included in the table below. The remaining shares
were granted in February 2014. These awards provide the recipient with the ability to earn shares of the Company’s common stock based on the Company’s achievement of four stated stock price hurdles and continued employment through
December 31, 2017. At the completion of the service period, the recipient will receive one quarter of the award for each stock price hurdle achieved after April 24, 2013. The four stock price hurdles are $45, $52, $56 and $60 which must be
met for a period of at least thirty days using the average closing price over such period.    The Company used a Monte Carlo
simulation valuation model to determine the fair value of these awards. The following inputs were used in the simulation that resulted in an average grant date fair value for this award of $35.56:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Inputs 
   


 
   Grant date stock price 
    
 $ 
 47.28 
    
 
   Stock price volatility 
    
   
 26.12 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.65 
 %  
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 3.38 
 %  
   Excluding the aforementioned award for 468 shares, information with respect to the remaining Restricted
Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units for 2013, 2012 and 2011 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 296 
    
   
   
 232 
    
   
   
 196 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 451 
    
   
   
 92 
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (58 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 702 
    
   
   
 296 
    
   
   
 232 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average grant-date fair value: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 45.16 
    
   
   
 36.01 
    
   
   
 39.81 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
 $ 
 40.40 
    
   
   
 40.80 
    
   
   
 40.98 
    
 
   Vested 
    
 $ 
 33.62 
    
   
   
 32.90 
    
   
   
 34.61 
    
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 43.10 
    
   
   
 39.53 
    
   
   
 41.06 
    
   Of the shares vested in 2011, the receipt of 58 shares has been deferred to the date upon which the
recipient is no longer employed by the Company.    Stock Performance Awards  
 In 2013, 2012 and 2011, as part of its annual equity grant to executive officers and certain other employees, the Company issued
contingent stock performance awards (the “Stock Performance Awards”). These awards provide the recipients with the ability to earn shares of the Company’s common stock based on the Company’s achievement of stated cumulative
diluted earnings per share and cumulative net revenue targets over the three fiscal years ended December 2015, December 2014, and December 2013 for the 2013, 2012 and 2011 awards,  
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
respectively. Each Stock Performance Award has a target number of shares of common stock associated with such award which may be earned by the recipient if the Company achieves the stated diluted
earnings per share and revenue targets. The ultimate amount of the award may vary, depending on actual results. Awards may vary from 0% to 200% of the target number of shares.  
 Furthermore, on October 2012, as part of an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, Stock Performance Awards awarded to the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer in 2013 may be adjusted at the time of vesting dependent on the Company’s total shareholder return compared to Standard & Poor’s 500 return for the applicable performance period. This
additional adjustment will vary from 75% to 200%.    Information with respect to Stock Performance Awards for 2013, 2012 and 2011
is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 1,019 
    
   
   
 1,627 
    
   
   
 1,878 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 358 
    
   
   
 695 
    
   
   
 456 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (101 
 )  
   
   
 (144 
 )  
   
   
 (86 
 )  
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 (333 
 )  
   
   
 (682 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (477 
 )  
   
   
 (621 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 943 
    
   
   
 1,019 
    
   
   
 1,627 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average grant-date fair value: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 47.21 
    
   
   
 36.14 
    
   
   
 45.66 
    
 
   Forfeited 
    
 $ 
 40.24 
    
   
   
 37.54 
    
   
   
 32.53 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
 $ 
 45.66 
    
   
   
 33.76 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Vested 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
   
 22.31 
    
   
   
 27.10 
    
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 40.24 
    
   
   
 39.57 
    
   
   
 33.52 
    
   Stock Performance Awards granted during 2011 include 23 shares related to the 2009 awards, reflecting an
increase in the ultimate amount of the awards issued based on the Company’s actual results during the performance period. These shares are excluded from the calculation of the weighted average grant-date fair value of Stock Performance Awards
granted during 2011. Shares cancelled in 2013 and 2012 represent the cancellation of the Stock Performance Awards granted during 2011 and 2010, respectively, based on the minimum targets for these awards not being met.  
 During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized $815, $3,628 and $(3,558), respectively, of (income) expense relating to these awards.
Awards are valued at the market value of the underlying common stock at the dates of grant and are expensed over the performance period. On a periodic basis the Company reviews the actual and forecasted performance of the Company against the stated
targets for each award. The total expense is adjusted upward or downward based on the expected amount of shares to be issued as defined in the agreement. If minimum targets as detailed under the award are not met, no additional compensation expense
will be recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense will be reversed. In the fourth quarter of 2013 and 2011, it was determined that it was no longer probable that the minimum targets would be met for certain Stock Performance
Awards grants and, as a result, all previously recognized expense totaling $7,046 and $16,332, respectively, related to these awards was reversed. At December 29, 2013, the amount of total unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards
is approximately $13,350 and the weighted average period over which this will be expensed is 24 months.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Stock Options  
 Information with respect to stock options for the three years ended December 29, 2013 is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 9,283 
    
   
   
 11,004 
    
   
   
 11,392 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 776 
    
   
   
 1,730 
    
   
   
 1,080 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (4,377 
 )  
   
   
 (3,126 
 )  
   
   
 (1,267 
 )  
 
   Expired or forfeited 
    
   
 (139 
 )  
   
   
 (325 
 )  
   
   
 (201 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 5,543 
    
   
   
 9,283 
    
   
   
 11,004 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
    
   
 3,144 
    
   
   
 6,094 
    
   
   
 7,494 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average exercise price: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 47.21 
    
   
   
 36.14 
    
   
   
 45.66 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
 $ 
 26.99 
    
   
   
 21.23 
    
   
   
 23.55 
    
 
   Expired or forfeited 
    
 $ 
 39.59 
    
   
   
 35.19 
    
   
   
 29.35 
    
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 36.63 
    
   
   
 31.25 
    
   
   
 27.75 
    
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
    
 $ 
 33.22 
    
   
   
 27.84 
    
   
   
 24.35 
    
   With respect to the 5,543 outstanding options and 3,144 options exercisable at December 29, 2013, the
weighted average remaining contractual life of these options was 3.85 years and 2.87 years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the options outstanding and exercisable at December 29, 2013 was $98,498 and $66,586, respectively.
Substantially all unvested outstanding options are expected to vest.    The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model in
determining the fair value of stock options. The expected life of the options used in this calculation is the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding and has been determined based on historical exercise experience. The weighted
average fair value of options granted in fiscal 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $6.94, $6.29 and $9.84, respectively. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
weighted average assumptions used for grants in the fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.62 
 %  
   
   
 0.69 
 %  
   
   
 1.64 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 3.39 
 %  
   
   
 3.99 
 %  
   
   
 2.63 
 %  
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 31 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
 
   Expected option life 
    
   
 5 years 
    
   
   
 5 years 
    
   
   
 5 years 
    
   The intrinsic values, which represent the difference between the fair market value on the date of exercise
and the exercise price of the option, of the options exercised in fiscal 2013, 2012 and 2011 were $89,534, $49,225 and $26,308, respectively.    At December 29, 2013, the amount of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options was $9,514 and the weighted average period over which this will be expensed is 19 months.  
 Non-Employee Awards    In 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company granted 33, 44 and 33 shares of common stock, respectively, to its non-employee members of its Board of Directors. Of these shares, the receipt of 28 shares from the
2013 grant, 33 shares from the 2012 grant and 27 shares from the 2011 grant has been deferred to the date upon which the  
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  
respective director ceases to be a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. These awards were valued at the market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant and vested
upon grant. In connection with these grants, compensation cost of $1,560 was recorded in selling, distribution and administration expense for each year in the three-year period ended December 29, 2013.  
 Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Units    In 2011 and 2010, the Company granted awards to certain employees consisting of cash settled restricted stock units. Under these awards, the recipients are granted restricted stock units that vest over
three years. At the end of the vesting period, the fair value of those units based on Hasbro’s stock price will be paid in cash to the recipient. The Company accounts for these awards as a liability which is marked to market through the
consolidated statements of operations based on the current market price and lapsed portion of the vesting period. In 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized expense of $1,316, $1,348 and $804, respectively related to these awards.  
 (14)     Pension, Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits   
 Pension and Postretirement Benefits    The Company recognizes an asset or liability for each of its defined benefit pension plans equal to the difference between the projected benefit obligation of the plan and the fair value of the
plan’s assets. Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs that have not yet been included in income are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets in AOCE. Reclassifications to earnings from AOCE related to pension and postretirement
plans are recorded to selling, distribution and administration expense.    Expenses related to the Company’s defined benefit
pension and defined contribution plans for 2013, 2012 and 2011 were approximately $35,900, $40,300 and $35,500, respectively. Of these amounts, $23,000, $29,500 and $28,500, respectively, related to defined contribution plans in the United States
and certain international subsidiaries. The remainder of the expense relates to defined benefit pension plans discussed below.  
 United States Plans    Prior to 2008, substantially all United States employees were covered under at least one of several non-contributory defined benefit pension plans maintained by the Company. Benefits under the two major
plans which principally cover non-union employees, were based primarily on salary and years of service. One of these major plans is funded. Benefits under the remaining plans are based primarily on fixed amounts for specified years of service. Of
these remaining plans, the plan covering union employees is also funded. In 2007, for the two major plans covering its non-union employees, the Company froze benefits being accrued effective at the end of December 2007.  
 At December 29, 2013, the measurement date, the projected benefit obligations of the funded plans were in excess of the fair value of
the plans’ assets in the amount of $24,551 while the unfunded plans of the Company had an aggregate accumulated and projected benefit obligation of $34,886. At December 30, 2012 the projected benefit obligations of the funded plans were in
excess of the fair value of the plans’ assets in the amount of $77,205 while the unfunded plans of the Company had an aggregate accumulated and projected benefit obligation of $40,901.  
 Hasbro also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to eligible employees who retire and have either
attained age 65 with 5 years of service or age 55 with 10 years of service. The cost of providing these benefits on behalf of employees who retired prior to 1993 is and will continue to be substantially borne by the Company. The cost of providing
benefits on behalf of substantially all employees who retire after 1992 is borne by the employee. The plan is not funded.  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Reconciliations of the beginning and ending balances for the projected benefit
obligation, the fair value of plan assets and the funded status are included below for the years ended December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
   
 Postretirement 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Change in Projected Benefit Obligation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation — beginning 
    
 $ 
 391,681 
    
   
   
 346,155 
    
   
   
 36,969 
    
   
   
 35,196 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 2,579 
    
   
   
 1,784 
    
   
   
 750 
    
   
   
 735 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 15,597 
    
   
   
 16,669 
    
   
   
 1,380 
    
   
   
 1,758 
    
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 (45,170 
 )  
   
   
 54,428 
    
   
   
 (5,617 
 )  
   
   
 1,403 
    
 
   Curtailment 
    
   
 2,958 
    
   
   
 486 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Plan amendment 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (4,408 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (17,213 
 )  
   
   
 (25,795 
 )  
   
   
 (1,900 
 )  
   
   
 (2,123 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (16,213 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Expenses paid 
    
   
 (1,445 
 )  
   
   
 (2,046 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Projected benefit obligation — ending 
    
 $ 
 332,774 
    
   
   
 391,681 
    
   
   
 27,174 
    
   
   
 36,969 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated benefit obligation — ending 
    
 $ 
 332,774 
    
   
   
 391,681 
    
   
   
 27,174 
    
   
   
 36,969 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in Plan Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets — beginning 
    
 $ 
 273,575 
    
   
   
 265,075 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 30,619 
    
   
   
 32,613 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Employer contribution 
    
   
 4,014 
    
   
   
 3,728 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (17,213 
 )  
   
   
 (25,795 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (16,213 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Expenses paid 
    
   
 (1,445 
 )  
   
   
 (2,046 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets — ending 
    
 $ 
 273,337 
    
   
   
 273,575 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Reconciliation of Funded Status 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 (332,774 
 )  
   
   
 (391,681 
 )  
   
   
 (27,174 
 )  
   
   
 (36,969 
 )  
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 273,337 
    
   
   
 273,575 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Funded status 
    
   
 (59,437 
 )  
   
   
 (118,106 
 )  
   
   
 (27,174 
 )  
   
   
 (36,969 
 )  
 
   Unrecognized net loss (gain) 
    
   
 69,716 
    
   
   
 138,946 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 5,673 
    
 
   Unrecognized prior service cost (credit) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (3,857 
 )  
   
   
 215 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net amount recognized 
    
 $ 
 10,279 
    
   
   
 20,840 
    
   
   
 (31,046 
 )  
   
   
 (31,081 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 (2,978 
 )  
   
   
 (2,982 
 )  
   
   
 (2,100 
 )  
   
   
 (2,200 
 )  
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 (56,459 
 )  
   
   
 (115,124 
 )  
   
   
 (25,074 
 )  
   
   
 (34,769 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 69,716 
    
   
   
 138,946 
    
   
   
 (3,872 
 )  
   
   
 5,888 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net amount recognized 
    
 $ 
 10,279 
    
   
   
 20,840 
    
   
   
 (31,046 
 )  
   
   
 (31,081 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In fiscal 2014, the Company expects amortization of unrecognized net losses and unrecognized prior service
cost related to its defined benefit pension plans of $3,351 and $98, respectively, to be included as a component of net periodic benefit cost. The Company expects amortization of unrecognized prior service credits in 2014 related to its
postretirement plan of $(457).  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Assumptions used to determine the year-end pension and postretirement benefit
obligations are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Pension 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average discount rate 
   
   
 5.02 
 %  
   
   
 4.09 
 %  
 
   Mortality table 
   
     
 RP-2000/IRS Static Basis 
       
   
     
 RP-2000/IRS Static Basis 
       
 
   Postretirement 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 5.11 
 %  
   
   
 4.17 
 %  
 
   Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
 
   Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend 
   
   
 2020 
    
   
   
 2020 
    
   The assets of the funded plans are managed by investment advisors. The fair values of the plan assets by
asset class and fair value hierarchy level (as described in note 12) as of December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair value measurements using: 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Quoted prices In active Markets for Identical assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   


 
   2013: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
 $ 
 14,700 
    
    
   
 14,700 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Small Cap 
    
   
 18,400 
    
    
   
 18,400 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 40,100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 40,100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 59,500 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 59,500 
    
 
   Fixed Income 
    
   
 103,700 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 100,700 
    
    
   
 3,000 
    
 
   Total Return Fund 
    
   
 27,900 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 27,900 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash Equivalents 
    
   
 9,000 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 9,000 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 273,300 
    
    
   
 33,100 
    
    
   
 177,700 
    
    
   
 62,500 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2012: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
 $ 
 8,000 
    
    
   
 8,000 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Small Cap 
    
   
 11,400 
    
    
   
 11,400 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 33,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 33,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 56,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 56,600 
    
 
   Fixed Income 
    
   
 110,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 108,200 
    
    
   
 2,400 
    
 
   Total Return Fund 
    
   
 31,800 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 31,800 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Cash Equivalents 
    
   
 21,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 21,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 273,600 
    
    
   
 19,400 
    
    
   
 195,200 
    
    
   
 59,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Level 1 assets consist of investments traded on active markets that are valued using
published closing prices. The Plans’ Level 2 assets primarily consist of investments in common and collective trusts as well as other private investment funds that are valued using the net asset values provided by the trust or fund. Although
these trusts and funds are not traded in an active market with quoted prices, the investments underlying the net asset value are based on quoted prices. The Company believes that these investments could be sold at amounts approximating the net asset
values provided by the trust or fund. The Plans’ Level 3 assets consist of an investment in a hedge fund which is valued using the net asset value provided by the investment manager as well as an investment in a public-private investment fund
which is also valued using the net asset value provided by the investment manager. The hedge fund contains investments in financial instruments that are valued using certain estimates which are considered unobservable in that they reflect the
investment manager’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The public-private investment fund, which is included in fixed income investments above, invests in commercial
mortgage-backed securities and non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities. These securities are valued using certain estimates which are considered unobservable in that they reflect the investment manager’s own assumptions about the
inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The Company believes that the net asset value is the best information available for use in the fair value measurement of this fund. Of the activity in Level 3 assets for 2013, $1,100
relates to purchases of investments, $16,700 relates to capital distributions, $1,600 relates to realized gains on assets sold during the period and $17,500 relates to the unrealized gains on plan assets still held at December 29, 2013.
   Hasbro’s two major funded plans (the “Plans”) are defined benefit pension plans intended to provide retirement
benefits to participants in accordance with the benefit structure established by Hasbro, Inc. The Plans’ investment managers, who exercise full investment discretion within guidelines outlined in the Plans’ Investment Policy, are charged
with managing the assets with the care, skill, prudence and diligence that a prudent investment professional in similar circumstance would exercise. Investment practices, at a minimum, must comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
(ERISA) and any other applicable laws and regulations.    The Plans’ asset allocations are structured to meet a long-term
targeted total return consistent with the ongoing nature of the Plans’ liabilities. The shared long-term total return goal, presently 7.00%, includes income plus realized and unrealized gains and/or losses on the Plans’ assets. Utilizing
generally accepted diversification techniques, the Plans’ assets, in aggregate and at the individual portfolio level, are invested so that the total portfolio risk exposure and risk-adjusted returns best meet the Plans’ long-term
obligations to employees. The Company’s asset allocation includes alternative investment strategies designed to achieve a modest absolute return in addition to the return on an underlying asset class such as bond or equity indices. These
alternative investment strategies may use derivatives to gain market returns in an efficient and timely manner; however, derivatives are not used to leverage the portfolio beyond the market value of the underlying assets. These alternative
investment strategies are included in other equity, total return fund and fixed income asset categories at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012. Plan asset allocations are reviewed at least quarterly and rebalanced to achieve target
allocation among the asset categories when necessary.    The Plans’ investment managers are provided specific guidelines
under which they are to invest the assets assigned to them. In general, investment managers are expected to remain fully invested in their asset class with further limitations of risk as related to investments in a single security, portfolio
turnover and credit quality.    With the exception of the alternative investment strategies mentioned above, the Plans’
Investment Policy restricts the use of derivatives associated with leverage or speculation. In addition, the Investment Policy also restricts investments in securities issued by Hasbro, Inc. except through index-related strategies (e.g. an S&P
500 Index Fund) and/or commingled funds. In addition, unless specifically approved by the Investment Committee (which comprises members of management, established by the Board to manage and control pension plan assets), certain securities,
strategies, and investments are ineligible for inclusion within the Plans.  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  For 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company measured the assets and obligations of the Plans as
of the fiscal year-end. The following is a detail of the components of the net periodic benefit cost for the three years ended December 29, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Components of Net Periodic Cost 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Pension 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 2,579 
    
   
   
 1,784 
    
   
   
 1,729 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 15,597 
    
   
   
 16,669 
    
   
   
 16,852 
    
 
   Expected return on assets 
    
   
 (17,761 
 )  
   
   
 (18,097 
 )  
   
   
 (19,012 
 )  
 
   Amortization of prior service cost 
    
   
 98 
    
   
   
 157 
    
   
   
 198 
    
 
   Amortization of actuarial loss 
    
   
 7,070 
    
   
   
 6,221 
    
   
   
 4,624 
    
 
   Curtailment/settlement losses 
    
   
 6,993 
    
   
   
 672 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic benefit cost 
    
 $ 
 14,576 
    
   
   
 7,406 
    
   
   
 4,391 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Postretirement 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 750 
    
   
   
 735 
    
   
   
 685 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 1,380 
    
   
   
 1,758 
    
   
   
 1,764 
    
 
   Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 (264 
 )  
   
   
 80 
    
   
   
 67 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic benefit cost 
    
 $ 
 1,866 
    
   
   
 2,573 
    
   
   
 2,516 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost of the pension plan and postretirement plan for
each fiscal year follow:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Pension 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average discount rate 
    
   
 4.49 
 %  
   
   
 4.96 
 %  
   
   
 5.20 
 %  
 
   Long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.25 
 %  
 
   Postretirement 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.34 
 %  
   
   
 5.17 
 %  
   
   
 5.27 
 %  
 
   Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
    
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.50 
 %  
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
 
   Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
    
   
 2020 
    
   
   
 2020 
    
   
   
 2020 
    
   If the health care cost trend rate were increased one percentage point in each year, the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation at December 29, 2013 and the aggregate of the benefits earned during the period and the interest cost would have both increased by approximately 3%.  
 Hasbro works with external benefit investment specialists to assist in the development of the long-term rate of return assumptions used to
model and determine the overall asset allocation. Forecast returns are based on the combination of historical returns, current market conditions and a forecast for the capital markets for the next 5-7 years. All asset class assumptions are within
certain bands around the long-term historical averages. Correlations are based primarily on historical return patterns.  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Expected benefit payments under the defined benefit pension plans and the postretirement
benefit plan for the next five years subsequent to 2013 and in the aggregate for the following five years are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
    
 Postretirement 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 19,865 
    
    
   
 2,031 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 19,972 
    
    
   
 1,704 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 19,996 
    
    
   
 1,669 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 20,643 
    
    
   
 1,624 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 21,379 
    
    
   
 1,589 
    
 
   2019-2023 
    
   
 111,457 
    
    
   
 7,449 
    
   International Plans  
 Pension coverage for employees of Hasbro’s international subsidiaries is provided, to the extent deemed appropriate, through separate
defined benefit and defined contribution plans. At December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, the defined benefit plans had total projected benefit obligations of $112,460 and $107,366, respectively, and fair values of plan assets of $85,335
and $76,930, respectively. Substantially all of the plan assets are invested in equity and fixed income securities. The pension expense related to these plans was $4,085, $3,458 and $2,758 in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. In fiscal
2014, the Company expects amortization of $(27) of prior service costs, $1,589 of unrecognized net losses and $3 of unrecognized transition obligation to be included as a component of net periodic benefit cost.  
 Expected benefit payments under the international defined benefit pension plans for the five years subsequent to 2013 and in the aggregate
for the five years thereafter are as follows: 2014: $1,898; 2015: $1,973; 2016: $2,195; 2017: $2,434; 2018: $2,655; and 2019 through 2023: $17,635.    Postemployment Benefits    Hasbro has several plans covering
certain groups of employees, which may provide benefits to such employees following their period of active employment but prior to their retirement. These plans include certain severance plans which provide benefits to employees involuntarily
terminated and certain plans which continue the Company’s health and life insurance contributions for employees who have left Hasbro’s employ under terms of its long-term disability plan.  
 (15)     Leases     Hasbro occupies offices and uses certain equipment under various operating lease arrangements. The rent expense under such arrangements, net of sublease income which is not material, for 2013, 2012 and
2011 amounted to $44,511, $46,636 and $47,437, respectively.    Minimum rentals, net of minimum sublease income, which is not
material, under long-term operating leases for the five years subsequent to 2013 and in the aggregate thereafter are as follows: 2014: $38,665; 2015: $25,898; 2016: $20,248; 2017: $17,521; 2018: $17,091; and thereafter: $22,146.  
 All leases expire prior to the end of 2024. Real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance expenses are generally obligations of the
Company. It is expected that, in the normal course of business, leases that expire will be renewed or replaced by leases on other properties; thus, it is anticipated that future minimum lease commitments will not be less than the amounts shown for
2014.  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (16)     Derivative Financial Instruments   
 Hasbro uses foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected
future foreign currency transactions. These over-the-counter contracts, which hedge future currency requirements related to purchases of inventory, product sales and other cross-border transactions not denominated in the functional currency of the
business unit, are primarily denominated in United States and Hong Kong dollars, and Euros. Further, Hasbro uses forward-starting interest rate swap agreements to hedge anticipated interest payments. All contracts are entered into with a number of
counterparties, all of which are major financial institutions. The Company believes that a default by a single counterparty would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. Hasbro does not enter into derivative
financial instruments for speculative purposes.    The Company also had warrants to purchase common stock of an unrelated company
that constitute and were accounted for as derivatives. For additional information related to these warrants see note 12. In addition, the Company was also party to several interest rate swap agreements to adjust the amount of long-term debt subject
to fixed interest rates which were terminated in the prior year. For additional information related to these interest rate swaps see note 9.    Cash Flow Hedges    Hasbro uses foreign currency forward
contracts to reduce the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected future foreign currency transactions. All of the Company’s designated foreign currency forward contracts are considered to be cash flow hedges. These
instruments hedge a portion of the Company’s currency requirements associated with anticipated inventory purchases and other cross-border transactions in 2014 and 2015.    At December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, the notional amounts and fair values of assets (liabilities) for the Company’s foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedging
instruments were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Hedged transaction 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Inventory purchases 
    
 $ 
 577,138 
    
    
   
 (7,493 
 )  
   
   
 397,770 
    
    
   
 (2,638 
 )  
 
   Intercompany royalty transaction 
    
   
 4,948 
    
    
   
 (2,774 
 )  
   
   
 131,693 
    
    
   
 (1,168 
 )  
 
   Sales 
    
   
 171,393 
    
    
   
 (1,965 
 )  
   
   
 92,761 
    
    
   
 2,458 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 46,563 
    
    
   
 302 
    
   
   
 2,420 
    
    
   
 (45 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 800,042 
    
    
   
 (11,930 
 )  
   
   
 624,644 
    
    
   
 (1,393 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The Company has a master agreement with each of its counterparties that allows for the
netting of outstanding forward contracts. The fair values of the Company’s foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012 as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 1,088 
    
   
   
 2,802 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (702 
 )  
   
   
 (1,073 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gain 
    
 $ 
 386 
    
   
   
 1,729 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gain 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 3,425 
    
   
   
 1,466 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (13,671 
 )  
   
   
 (4,245 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
 $ 
 (10,246 
 )  
   
   
 (2,779 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
  — 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (2,070 
 )  
   
   
 (375 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
 $ 
 (2,070 
 )  
   
   
 (355 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Net gains (losses) on cash flow hedging activities have been reclassified from other comprehensive
earnings to net earnings for the years ended December 29, 2013, December 30, 2012 and December 25, 2011 as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations Classification 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 1,523 
    
   
   
 9,644 
    
   
   
 (6,158 
 )  
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 (1,096 
 )  
   
   
 1,845 
    
   
   
 2,895 
    
 
   Sales 
    
   
 3,585 
    
   
   
 (2,633 
 )  
   
   
 436 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net realized gains 
    
 $ 
 4,012 
    
   
   
 8,856 
    
   
   
 (2,827 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In addition, net losses of $(164), $(94) and $(109) were reclassified to earnings as a result of hedge
ineffectiveness in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Other (income) expense for the year ended December 25, 2011 also included a loss of approximately $3,700 related to certain derivatives which no longer qualified for hedge accounting.
   During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with total notional
value of $300,000 to hedge the variability of the anticipated underlying U.S. Treasury interest rate associated with the expected issuance of long-term debt to refinance the 6.125% Notes Due 2014 with a principal of $425,000. These derivative
instruments are designated and effective as cash flow hedges. An unrealized gain of $3,172 related to these instruments was recorded to prepaid expenses and other current assets at December 29, 2013.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Undesignated Hedges  
 The Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the impact of changes in the fair value of intercompany loans
due to foreign currency changes. The Company does not use hedge accounting for these contracts as changes in the fair values of these contracts are substantially offset by changes in the fair value of the intercompany loans. As of
December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, the total notional amount of the Company’s undesignated derivative instruments was $294,888 and $189,217, respectively.    At December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, the fair value of the Company’s undesignated derivative financial instruments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 1,069 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gain 
    
 $ 
 1,069 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 478 
    
   
   
 469 
    
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (492 
 )  
   
   
 (796 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 (327 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total unrealized gain (loss) 
    
 $ 
 1,055 
    
   
   
 (327 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company recorded net losses (gains) of $8,791, $2,067 and $(9,098) on these instruments to other
(income) expense, net for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, relating to the change in fair value of such derivatives, substantially offsetting gains and losses from the change in fair value of intercompany loans to which the instruments relate.
   For additional information related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments see notes 2, 9 and 12.  
 (17)     Commitments and Contingencies     Hasbro had unused open letters of credit and related instruments of approximately $209,398 and $194,221 at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, respectively. Included in the amounts for 2013
and 2012 were $187,130 and $174,870, respectively, of bonds related to tax assessments in Mexico. See note 10 for additional discussion.    The Company enters into license agreements with inventors, designers and others for the use of intellectual properties in its products. Certain of these agreements contain provisions for the payment of
guaranteed or minimum royalty amounts. Under terms of existing agreements as of December 29, 2013, Hasbro may, provided the other party meets their contractual commitment, be required to pay amounts as follows: 2014: $17,560; 2015:
$67,366; 2016: $13,556; 2017: $12,706; 2018: $12,706; and thereafter: $38,117. At December 29, 2013, the Company had $294,991 of prepaid royalties, $152,459 of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $142,532 of
which are included in other assets.    In addition to the above commitments, certain of the above contracts impose minimum
marketing commitments on the Company. The Company may be subject to additional royalty guarantees totaling $170,000 that are not included in the amounts above that may be payable during the next six years contingent upon the quantity and types of
theatrical movie releases by the licensor.  
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  In connection with the Company’s agreement to form a joint venture with Discovery,
the Company is obligated to make future payments to Discovery under a tax sharing agreement. The Company estimates these payments may total approximately $116,600 and may range from approximately $7,100 to $8,300 per year during the period 2014 to
2018, and approximately $78,100 in aggregate for all years occurring thereafter. These payments are contingent upon the Company having sufficient taxable income to realize the expected tax deductions of certain amounts related to the joint venture.
   In connection with the Company’s purchase of a majority stake in Backflip, the Company will be required to purchase the
remaining 30% in the future contingent on the achievement by Backflip of certain predetermined financial performance metrics. The Company does not know the ultimate timing that these predetermined financial performance metrics may be met and,
thereby, cannot currently estimate the purchase price of the remaining 30%. See note 4 for additional discussion.    At
December 29, 2013, the Company had approximately $297,817 in outstanding inventory and tooling purchase commitments.  
 During 2013 the Company recognized $61,140 related to the settlement of an adverse arbitration award related to a license agreement. This
charge was comprised of a settlement of $58,040 related to the adverse arbitration award as well as other disputes between the Company and the inventor and $3,100 of related legal expenses. These costs were recorded in the consolidated statements of
operations as follows: $42,950 in royalties, $3,100 in selling, distribution and administration expense and $15,090 in interest expense.    Hasbro is party to certain other legal proceedings, as well as certain asserted and unasserted claims. Amounts accrued, as well as the total amount of reasonably possible losses with respect to such
matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not deemed to be material to the consolidated financial statements.  
 (18)     Consolidation Program and Restructuring Charge   
 In the fourth quarter of 2012 the Company announced a multi-year cost savings initiative. This initiative includes workforce reductions,
facility consolidations, process improvements and other operating cost savings. The Company has incurred pre-tax restructuring and related pension curtailment and settlement charges of $79,748 in connection with this initiative. Of this amount,
$43,702 was recorded in 2013 and $36,046 was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012. The 2013 charges include $34,980 of severance costs, $6,993 in non-cash pension curtailment and settlement charges and $1,729 of costs associated with exiting a
contractual obligation. The 2013 severance charges primarily relate to a voluntary retirement program for certain eligible employees in the United States. The 2012 charges included severance costs of $34,888 related to headcount reductions and
$1,157 of facility costs. Of the amounts recognized in 2013 and 2012, substantially all of the amount was included in accrued liabilities at December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012.  
 These charges were recorded in the consolidated statements of operations as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 10,154 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Product development 
    
   
 4,100 
    
    
   
 8,470 
    
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 29,448 
    
    
   
 27,576 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 43,702 
    
    
   
 36,046 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The following is a summary of the severance and other personnel charges related to the
Company’s cost savings initiative included in accrued liabilities:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Balance at December 30, 2012 
    
 $ 
 34,888 
    
 
   2013 Charges 
    
   
 34,980 
    
 
   Payments 
    
   
 (32,268 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 29, 2013 
    
   
 37,600 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   (19)     Segment Reporting   
 Segment and Geographic Information    Hasbro is a worldwide leader in children’s and family leisure time products and services with a broad portfolio of brands and entertainment properties across toys, games and licensed products ranging
from traditional to high-tech and digital. The Company’s segments are (i) U.S. and Canada, (ii) International, (iii) Entertainment and Licensing, and (iv) Global Operations.  
 The U.S. and Canada segment includes the marketing and selling of boys’ action figures, vehicles and playsets, girls’ toys,
electronic toys and games, plush products, preschool toys and infant products, electronic interactive products, toy-related specialty products, traditional board games and puzzles, DVD-based games and trading card and role-playing games within the
United States and Canada. Within the International segment, the Company markets and sells both toy and game products in markets outside of the U.S. and Canada, primarily in the European, Asia Pacific, and Latin and South American regions. The
Company’s Entertainment and Licensing segment includes the Company’s lifestyle licensing, digital gaming, movie and television entertainment operations. The Global Operations segment is responsible for manufacturing and sourcing finished
products for the Company’s U.S. and Canada and International segments.    Segment performance is measured at the operating
profit level. Included in Corporate and eliminations are certain corporate expenses, including substantially all costs incurred related to the 2013, 2012 and 2011 business restructurings, the elimination of intersegment transactions and certain
assets benefiting more than one segment. Intersegment sales and transfers are reflected in management reports at amounts approximating cost. Certain shared costs, including global development and marketing expenses and corporate administration, are
allocated to segments based upon expenses and foreign exchange rates fixed at the beginning of the year, with adjustments to actual expenses and foreign exchange rates included in Corporate and eliminations. The accounting policies of the segments
are the same as those referenced in note 1.    Results shown for fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011 are not necessarily those which
would be achieved if each segment was an unaffiliated business enterprise.  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Information by segment and a reconciliation to reported amounts are as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Revenues from External Customers 
   
    
 Affiliate Revenue 
   
   
 Operating Profit (Loss) 
   
   
 Depreciation and Amortization 
   
    
 Capital Additions 
   
    
 Total Assets 
   


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,006,079 
    
    
   
 4,412 
    
   
   
 313,746 
    
   
   
 21,459 
    
    
   
 553 
    
    
   
 3,066,301 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 1,872,980 
    
    
   
 401 
    
   
   
 235,482 
    
   
   
 25,036 
    
    
   
 13,908 
    
    
   
 2,233,115 
    
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
   
 190,955 
    
    
   
 20,521 
    
   
   
 45,476 
    
   
   
 22,647 
    
    
   
 468 
    
    
   
 691,795 
    
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 12,143 
    
    
   
 1,508,303 
    
   
   
 6,712 
    
   
   
 65,477 
    
    
   
 62,696 
    
    
   
 2,172,816 
    
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1,533,637 
 )  
   
   
 (134,323 
 )  
   
   
 46,366 
    
    
   
 34,406 
    
    
   
 (3,761,760 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 4,082,157 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 467,093 
    
   
   
 180,985 
    
    
   
 112,031 
    
    
   
 4,402,267 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,116,297 
    
    
   
 5,309 
    
   
   
 319,072 
    
   
   
 24,899 
    
    
   
 629 
    
    
   
 6,041,893 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 1,782,119 
    
    
   
 381 
    
   
   
 215,489 
    
   
   
 21,534 
    
    
   
 5,000 
    
    
   
 2,176,021 
    
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
   
 181,430 
    
    
   
 10,559 
    
   
   
 53,191 
    
   
   
 16,123 
    
    
   
 1,064 
    
    
   
 1,164,715 
    
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 9,137 
    
    
   
 1,480,582 
    
   
   
 (15,964 
 )  
   
   
 66,053 
    
    
   
 61,770 
    
    
   
 2,493,976 
    
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1,496,831 
 )  
   
   
 (20,003 
 )  
   
   
 21,678 
    
    
   
 43,628 
    
    
   
 (7,551,218 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 4,088,983 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 551,785 
    
   
   
 150,287 
    
    
   
 112,091 
    
    
   
 4,325,387 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2011 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,253,458 
    
    
   
 16,259 
    
   
   
 278,356 
    
   
   
 24,389 
    
    
   
 1,199 
    
    
   
 5,225,099 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 1,861,901 
    
    
   
 201 
    
   
   
 270,578 
    
   
   
 21,348 
    
    
   
 4,296 
    
    
   
 2,062,928 
    
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
   
 162,233 
    
    
   
 883 
    
   
   
 42,784 
    
   
   
 13,822 
    
    
   
 3,365 
    
    
   
 1,022,008 
    
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 7,997 
    
    
   
 1,628,852 
    
   
   
 (7,948 
 )  
   
   
 77,883 
    
    
   
 70,956 
    
    
   
 1,974,951 
    
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1,646,195 
 )  
   
   
 10,211 
    
   
   
 23,026 
    
    
   
 19,586 
    
    
   
 (6,154,212 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 4,285,589 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 593,981 
    
   
   
 160,468 
    
    
   
 99,402 
    
    
   
 4,130,774 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 The Global Operations segment derives substantially all of its revenues, and thus its operating results, from intersegment activities.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Certain long-term assets, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles, which benefit multiple operating segments, are included in Corporate
and eliminations. Allocations of certain expenses related to these assets to the individual operating segments are done at the beginning of the year based on budgeted amounts. Any differences between actual and budgeted amounts are reflected in
Corporate and eliminations. Corporate and eliminations also includes the elimination of inter-company balance sheet amounts. During 2013, certain inter-company balances were settled between each of the U.S. and Canada segment, Entertainment and
Licensing segement and Corporate and eliminations. This reduced the amount of reported total assets of the U.S. and Canada and Entertainment and Licensing segments and increased the amount reported in Corporate and eliminations at year-end 2013
compared to year-end 2012 and 2011.  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  The following table represents consolidated International segment net revenues by major
geographic region for the three fiscal years ended December 29, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Europe 
    
 $ 
 1,190,350 
    
    
   
 1,154,310 
    
    
   
 1,254,427 
    
 
   Latin America 
    
   
 407,710 
    
    
   
 362,689 
    
    
   
 334,887 
    
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 274,920 
    
    
   
 265,120 
    
    
   
 272,587 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,872,980 
    
    
   
 1,782,119 
    
    
   
 1,861,901 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table presents consolidated net revenues by classes of principal products for the three
fiscal years ended December 29, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Boys 
    
 $ 
 1,237,611 
    
    
   
 1,577,010 
    
    
   
 1,821,544 
    
 
   Games 
    
   
 1,311,205 
    
    
   
 1,192,090 
    
    
   
 1,169,672 
    
 
   Girls 
    
   
 1,001,704 
    
    
   
 792,292 
    
    
   
 741,394 
    
 
   Preschool 
    
   
 531,637 
    
    
   
 527,591 
    
    
   
 552,979 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 4,082,157 
    
    
   
 4,088,983 
    
    
   
 4,285,589 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Information as to Hasbro’s operations in different geographical areas is presented below on the basis
the Company uses to manage its business. Net revenues are categorized based on location of the customer, while long-lived assets (property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles) are categorized based on their location.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
   Net revenues 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 1,960,477 
    
    
   
 2,044,341 
    
    
   
 2,155,038 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 2,121,680 
    
    
   
 2,044,642 
    
    
   
 2,130,551 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 4,082,157 
    
    
   
 4,088,983 
    
    
   
 4,285,589 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-lived assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 1,021,063 
    
    
   
 940,536 
    
    
   
 974,037 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 185,520 
    
    
   
 181,462 
    
    
   
 186,069 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,206,583 
    
    
   
 1,121,998 
    
    
   
 1,160,106 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Principal international markets include Europe, Canada, Mexico and Latin America, Australia, and Hong
Kong.    Other Information    Hasbro markets its products primarily to customers in the retail sector. Although the Company closely monitors the creditworthiness of its customers, adjusting credit policies and limits as deemed
appropriate, a substantial portion of its customers’ ability to discharge amounts owed is generally dependent upon the overall retail economic environment.    Sales to the Company’s three largest customers, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation, amounted to 16%, 10% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated revenues during
2013, 17%, 11% and 10%, respectively, of consolidated revenues during 2012 and 20%, 11% and 10%, respectively, of consolidated net revenues during 2011. These net revenues were primarily within the U.S. and Canada segment.  
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  Hasbro purchases certain components used in its manufacturing process and certain
finished products from manufacturers in the Far East. The Company’s reliance on external sources of manufacturing can be shifted, over a period of time, to alternative sources of supply for products it sells, should such changes be necessary.
However, if the Company were prevented from obtaining products from a substantial number of its current Far East suppliers due to political, labor or other factors beyond its control, the Company’s operations would be disrupted, potentially for
a significant period of time, while alternative sources of product were secured. The imposition of trade sanctions, quotas or other protectionist measures by the United States or the European Union against a class of products imported by Hasbro
from, or the loss of “normal trade relations” status with, China could significantly increase the cost of the Company’s products imported into the United States or Europe.  
 The Company has agreements which allow it to develop and market products based on properties owned by third parties including its license
with Marvel Entertainment, LLC and Marvel Characters B.V. (together “Marvel”) and its license with Lucas Licensing Ltd. and Lucasfilm Ltd. (together “Lucas”). These licenses have multi-year terms and provide the Company with
the right to market and sell designated classes of products based on Marvel’s portfolio of brands, including SPIDER-MAN and THE AVENGERS, and Lucas’s STAR WARS brand. Hasbro’s net revenues from these licenses can be significant
in any given year based on the level of third party entertainment. Both Marvel and Lucas are owned by The Walt Disney Company.  
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)  
 (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)  
   
  (20)     Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Quarter 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 First 
   
   
 Second 
   
    
 Third 
   
    
 Fourth 
   
    
 Full Year 
   


 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 663,694 
    
   
   
 766,342 
    
    
   
 1,370,348 
    
    
   
 1,281,773 
    
    
   
 4,082,157 
    
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 10,627 
    
   
   
 74,088 
    
    
   
 198,706 
    
    
   
 183,672 
    
    
   
 467,093 
    
 
   Earnings (loss) before income taxes 
    
   
 (16,493 
 )  
   
   
 51,076 
    
    
   
 155,913 
    
    
   
 161,326 
    
    
   
 351,822 
    
 
   Net earnings (loss) 
    
   
 (6,671 
 )  
   
   
 36,480 
    
    
   
 125,843 
    
    
   
 128,276 
    
    
   
 283,928 
    
 
   Net earnings (loss) attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 (6,671 
 )  
   
   
 36,480 
    
    
   
 126,574 
    
    
   
 129,815 
    
    
   
 286,198 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings (loss) attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 (0.05 
 )  
   
   
 0.28 
    
    
   
 0.97 
    
    
   
 0.99 
    
    
   
 2.20 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 (0.05 
 )  
   
   
 0.28 
    
    
   
 0.96 
    
    
   
 0.98 
    
    
   
 2.17 
    
 
   Market price 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   High 
    
 $ 
 44.14 
    
   
   
 48.97 
    
    
   
 49.75 
    
    
   
 54.55 
    
    
   
 54.55 
    
 
   Low 
    
   
 35.00 
    
   
   
 42.57 
    
    
   
 44.69 
    
    
   
 45.44 
    
    
   
 35.00 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 0.40 
    
   
   
 0.40 
    
    
   
 0.40 
    
    
   
 0.40 
    
    
   
 1.60 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Quarter 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 First 
   
   
 Second 
   
    
 Third 
   
    
 Fourth 
   
    
 Full Year 
   


 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 648,850 
    
   
   
 811,467 
    
    
   
 1,345,137 
    
    
   
 1,283,529 
    
    
   
 4,088,983 
    
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 15,726 
    
   
   
 86,282 
    
    
   
 249,622 
    
    
   
 200,155 
    
    
   
 551,785 
    
 
   Earnings (loss) before income taxes 
    
   
 (4,866 
 )  
   
   
 59,659 
    
    
   
 224,949 
    
    
   
 173,660 
    
    
   
 453,402 
    
 
   Net earnings (loss) attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 (2,579 
 )  
   
   
 43,427 
    
    
   
 164,852 
    
    
   
 130,299 
    
    
   
 335,999 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings (loss) attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 (0.02 
 )  
   
   
 0.33 
    
    
   
 1.26 
    
    
   
 1.00 
    
    
   
 2.58 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 (0.02 
 )  
   
   
 0.33 
    
    
   
 1.24 
    
    
   
 0.99 
    
    
   
 2.55 
    
 
   Market price 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   High 
    
 $ 
 37.70 
    
   
   
 37.55 
    
    
   
 39.98 
    
    
   
 39.96 
    
    
   
 39.98 
    
 
   Low 
    
   
 31.51 
    
   
   
 32.00 
    
    
   
 32.29 
    
    
   
 34.91 
    
    
   
 31.51 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 0.36 
    
   
   
 0.36 
    
    
   
 0.36 
    
    
   
 0.36 
    
    
   
 1.44 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
   None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures.     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    The Company
maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and
procedures as of December 29, 2013. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective.    Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Hasbro’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Hasbro’s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2013. In making its
assessment, Hasbro’s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992)”. Based on this assessment, Hasbro’s management
concluded that, as of December 29, 2013, its internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Hasbro’s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on internal control over
financial reporting, which is included herein.  
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders    Hasbro,
Inc.:    We have audited Hasbro, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2013, based on
criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.    We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
   A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.    In our opinion, Hasbro, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 29, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (1992) issued by COSO.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings, cash flows and shareholders’ equity for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 29,
2013, and our report dated February 26, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.    /s/ KPMG LLP    Providence, Rhode Island    February 26, 2014  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Changes in Internal Controls  
 There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule
 13a-15(f)  promulgated under the Exchange Act, during the quarter ended December 29, 2013, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal controls
over financial reporting.    The Company is currently in the process of a multi-year global initiative to upgrade its existing
SAP system and implement enhanced global practices. During the second quarter of 2010, the SAP upgrade was completed for the U.S. and Canada operations. During the first quarter of 2011, the implementation of the SAP upgrade along with consolidation
of certain business activities was completed in the Company’s European business. During the first quarter of 2013, the implementation of the SAP upgrade was completed for the Company’s Latin America business. There were no significant
changes in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting resulting from the completion of these phases of the project.      
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information.     None.    PART III  
   
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   
 Certain of the information required by this item is contained under the captions “Election of Directors”, “Governance of
the Company” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
 The information required by this item with respect to executive officers of the Company is included in Part I of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant” and is incorporated herein by reference.    The
Company has a Code of Conduct, which is applicable to all of the Company’s employees, officers and directors, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller. A copy of the Code of Conduct is
available on the Company’s website under the Corporate, Investors, Corporate Governance tabs. The Company’s website address is http://www.hasbro.com. Although the Company does not generally intend to provide waivers of or amendments to the
Code of Conduct for its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, or other officers or employees, information concerning any waiver of or amendment to the Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Controller, or any other executive officers or directors of the Company, will be promptly disclosed on the Company’s website in the location where the Code of Conduct is posted.  
 The Company has also posted on its website, in the Corporate Governance location referred to above, copies of its Corporate Governance
Principles and of the charters for its (i) Audit, (ii) Compensation, (iii) Finance, (iv) Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility, and (v) Executive Committees of its Board of Directors.  
 In addition to being accessible on the Company’s website, copies of the Company’s Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance
Principles, and charters for the Company’s five Board Committees, are all available free of charge upon request to the Company’s Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Barbara Finigan, at 1027 Newport Avenue,
P.O. Box 1059, Pawtucket, R.I. 02861-1059.      
 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation.   
 The information required by this item is contained under the captions “Compensation of Directors”, “Executive
Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Report”, “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2014
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
   The information required by this item is contained under the captions “Voting Securities and Principal
Holders Thereof”, “Security Ownership of Management” and “Equity Compensation Plans” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
     
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   
 The information required by this item is contained under the captions “Governance of the Company” and “Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services.   
 The information required by this item is contained under the caption “Additional Information Regarding Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.    PART IV      
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.   
 (a) Consolidated Financial Statements, Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits  
 (1)  Consolidated Financial Statements     Included in PART II of this report:    Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm    Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 29, 2013 and
December 30, 2012    Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December
2013, 2012 and 2011    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in
December 2013, 2012 and 2011    Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity and Redeemable
Noncontrolling Interests for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2013, 2012 and 2011    Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2013, 2012 and 2011    Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements    (2)  Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules   
 Included in PART IV of this report:    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule For the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2013, 2012 and 2011:  
 Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts    Schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason that they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes
thereto. Columns omitted from schedules filed have been omitted because the information is not applicable.  
 (3)  Exhibits     The Company will furnish to any shareholder, upon written request, any exhibit listed below upon payment by such shareholder to the Company of the Company’s reasonable expenses in furnishing such
exhibit.  
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 3. 
   
   Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2,
2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated June 28, 2000. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 19, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 29, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(d) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2006, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Junior Participating Preference Stock of Hasbro, Inc. dated June 29, 1999. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 Certificate of Vote(s) authorizing a decrease of class or series of any class of shares. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 4. 
   
   Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures. 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of July 17, 1998, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 14, 1998, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2000, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust
Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b)(i) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1999, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2007, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to the Bank of Nova
Scotia Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 17, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2009, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia
Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia
Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 11, 2010, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 10. 
   
   Material Contracts 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2012, by and among Hasbro, Inc., Hasbro SA, Bank of America, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., RBS Citizens, N.A. and the other banks party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 26, 2012, File
No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Form of Commercial Paper Deal Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2011, File
No. 1-6682.) 
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 Form of Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2011, File
No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 License Agreement, dated January 6, 2006, by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters, Inc., and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been
omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
April 2, 2006, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 First Amendment to License Agreement, dated February 8, 2006, by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters, Inc. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this
agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended April 2, 2006, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 License Agreement, dated February 17, 2009, by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
March 29, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (g) 
    
 Amendment, dated September 27, 2011, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement
have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (h) 
    
 Amendment, dated December 15, 2011, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have
been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (i) 
    
 Amendment, dated July 19, 2013, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have
been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 25,
2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (j) 
    
 Agreement with TOMY Company, Ltd. relating to TRANSFORMERS, as amended to date. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under
Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (k) 
    
 DHJV Company LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2009, between the Company, Discovery Communications, LLC, DHJV Company LLC and Discovery
Communications, Inc. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 27, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
   Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements 
 
 
   
 (l) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 1995 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (m) 
    
 First Amendment to the 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 27, 1999, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (n) 
    
 Second Amendment to the 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2000 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (o) 
    
 Third Amendment to the 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended
December 25, 2005, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (p) 
    
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (For Participants in the Long Term Incentive Program) under the 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan, and the 1997 Employee Non-Qualified Stock Plan.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(w) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 1992, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (q) 
    
 Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and two Company executives (Brian Goldner and David D.R. Hargreaves). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1989, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (r) 
    
 Form of Amendment, dated as of March 10, 2000, to Form of Employment Agreement included as Exhibit 10(s) above. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ff) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1999, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (s) 
    
 Form of Amendment, dated December 12, 2007, to Form of Employment Agreement included as Exhibit 10(s) above. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ee) to the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (t) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30,
1990, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (u) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated April 15, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended June 29, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (v) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 27, 2004, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (w) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated October 3, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (x) 
    
 Form of Director’s Indemnification Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended
December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (y) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(cc) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 26, 1993, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (z) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated April 15, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 29, 2003, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (aa) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated July 17, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (bb) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated December 15, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 25, 2005, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (cc) 
    
 Fourth Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated October 3, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(oo) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (dd) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2003 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ee) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the definitive proxy statement for its 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ff) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s
2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (gg) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s
2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (hh) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the
Company’s 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ii) 
    
 Form of Fair Market Value Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe
Tinga and Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File
No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (jj) 
    
 Form of Fair Market Value Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (kk) 
    
 Form of Premium-Priced Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 26, 2004, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ll) 
    
 Form of Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and
Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (mm) 
    
 Form of Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 1, 2012, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (nn) 
    
 Form of Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (oo) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aaa) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
Fiscal Year ended December 28, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (pp) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2013 Performance Rewards Program. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31,
2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (qq) 
    
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 4, 2012, between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of October 11, 2012, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (rr) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and
Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ss) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated Stock Incentive Performance Plan for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (tt) 
    
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated May 22, 2008, between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended June 29, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (uu) 
    
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Wiebe Tinga, dated March 4, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended March 31, 2013, file No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (vv) 
    
 Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld dated August 30, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended September 25, 2005, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ww) 
    
 Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(hhh) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the Fiscal Year Ended December 28, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (xx) 
    
 Second Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ggg) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (yy) 
    
 Third Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld effective as of November 1, 2013. 
 
 
   
 (zz) 
    
 Form of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement. (Signed by the following executive officers: David Hargreaves, Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Deborah Thomas, Martin Trueb,
and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2006, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (aaa) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2009 Senior Management Annual Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2009 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (bbb) 
    
 Form of Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of
the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
      
   


 
 (ccc) 
   
 Hasbro, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan for Designated Senior Executives. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form
8-K filed May 23, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 (ddd) 
   
 Hasbro, Inc. Clawback Policy. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of October 11, 2012, File No.
1-6682.) 
 
 12. 
   
 Statement re computation of ratios. 
 
 21. 
   
 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 
 23. 
   
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 
 31.1 
   
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 31.2 
   
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 32.1* 
   
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 32.2* 
   
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
   *  Furnished herewith. 
   The Company agrees to furnish the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of each
agreement with respect to long-term debt of the Company, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders    Hasbro,
Inc.:    Under date of February 26, 2014, we reported on the consolidated balance sheets of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries as
of December 29, 2013 and December 30, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings, cash flows, and shareholders’ equity for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended
December 29, 2013, which are included in Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2013. In connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements, we also audited the related consolidated financial
statement schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts included in the Form  10-K.  This financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on this financial statement schedule based on our audits.    In our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.  
 /s/ KPMG LLP  
 Providence, Rhode Island    February 26,
2014  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning 
of Year 
   
    
 Expense (Benefit) 
   
   
 Other Additions 
   
    
 Write-Offs and Other(a) 
   
   
 Balance at End 
of Year 
   


 
   Valuation accounts deducted from assets to which they apply — for doubtful accounts receivable: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2013 
    
 $ 
 19,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (600 
 )  
   
 $ 
 19,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2012 
    
 $ 
 23,700 
    
    
   
 (1,200 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (2,900 
 )  
   
 $ 
 19,600 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2011 
    
 $ 
 31,200 
    
    
   
 (200 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (7,300 
 )  
   
 $ 
 23,700 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
         
 
 
 (a) 
 Includes write-offs, recoveries of previous write-offs, and translation adjustments. Write-offs and other in 2012 and 2011 include the write-off of older accounts
receivable balances that had been fully reserved for in previous years.  
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    HASBRO, INC.  
 (Registrant)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   By: 
   
   /s/    Brian D. Goldner 
   
 Date: February 26, 2014 
 
 
   
 Brian D. Goldner 
   
 
 
 
   
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
   
 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Alfred J.
Verrecchia         
    
 Chairman of the Board 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Alfred J. Verrecchia 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Brian D. Goldner         
 Brian D. Goldner 
    
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Deborah M. Thomas         
 Deborah M. Thomas 
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Basil L.
Anderson         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Basil L. Anderson 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Alan R.
Batkin         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Alan R. Batkin 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Frank J. Biondi,
Jr.         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Frank J. Biondi, Jr. 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Kenneth A.
Bronfin         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Kenneth A. Bronfin 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    John M. Connors,
Jr.         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 John M. Connors, Jr. 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Michael W.O.
Garrett         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Michael W.O. Garrett 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Lisa Gersh         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Lisa Gersh 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Jack M.
Greenberg         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Jack M. Greenberg 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Alan G.
Hassenfeld         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Alan G. Hassenfeld 
    
 
   
 
      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Tracy A.
Leinbach         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Tracy A. Leinbach 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Edward M.
Philip         
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2014 
 
 Edward M. Philip 
    
 
   
 
 
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  HASBRO, INC.    Annual Report on Form 10-K    For the Year Ended December 29, 2013
   Exhibit Index      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 3. 
   
   Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2,
2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated June 28, 2000. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 19, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 29, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(d) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2006, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Junior Participating Preference Stock of Hasbro, Inc. dated June 29, 1999. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 Certificate of Vote(s) authorizing a decrease of class or series of any class of shares. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2000, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 4. 
   
   Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures. 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of July 17, 1998, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 14, 1998, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2000, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust
Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b)(i) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1999, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2007, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to the Bank of Nova
Scotia Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 17, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2009, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia
Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as sucessor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia
Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 11, 2010, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 10. 
   
   Material Contracts 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2012, by and among Hasbro, Inc., Hasbro SA, Bank of America, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., RBS Citizens, N.A. and the other banks 

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 
    
 party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 26, 2012, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Form of Commercial Paper Deal Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2011, File
No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 Form of Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2011, File
No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 License Agreement, dated January 6, 2006, by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters, Inc., and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been
omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
April 2, 2006, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 First Amendment to License Agreement, dated February 8, 2006, by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters, Inc. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this
agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the period ended April 2, 2006, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 License Agreement, dated February 17, 2009, by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
March 29, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (g) 
    
 Amendment, dated September 27, 2011, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement
have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (h) 
    
 Amendment, dated December 15, 2011, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have
been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (i) 
    
 Amendment, dated July 19, 2013, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and Spider-Man Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have
been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 25,
2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (j) 
    
 Agreement with TOMY Company, Ltd. relating to TRANSFORMERS, as amended to date. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under
Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 25, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (k) 
    
 DHJV Company LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of May 22, 2009, between the Company, Discovery Communications, LLC, DHJV Company LLC and Discovery
Communications, Inc. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 27, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
   Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (l) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 1995 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (m) 
    
 First Amendment to the 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 27, 1999, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (n) 
    
 Second Amendment to the 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2000 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (o) 
    
 Third Amendment to the 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended
December 25, 2005, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (p) 
    
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (For Participants in the Long Term Incentive Program) under the 1995 Stock Incentive Performance Plan, and the 1997 Employee Non-Qualified Stock Plan.
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(w) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 1992, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (q) 
    
 Form of Employment Agreement between the Company and two Company executives (Brian Goldner and David D.R. Hargreaves). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1989, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (r) 
    
 Form of Amendment, dated as of March 10, 2000, to Form of Employment Agreement included as Exhibit 10(s) above. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ff) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1999, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (s) 
    
 Form of Amendment, dated December 12, 2007, to Form of Employment Agreement included as Exhibit 10(s) above. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ee) to the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (t) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30,
1990, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (u) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated April 15, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended June 29, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (v) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 27, 2004, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (w) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated October 3, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (x) 
    
 Form of Director’s Indemnification Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended
December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (y) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(cc) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 26, 1993, File No. 1-6682.) 

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (z) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated April 15, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 29, 2003, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (aa) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated July 17, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2003, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (bb) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated December 15, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 25, 2005, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (cc) 
    
 Fourth Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, dated October 3, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(oo) to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (dd) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2003 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (ee) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the definitive proxy statement for its 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (ff) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s
2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (gg) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s
2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (hh) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the
Company’s 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (ii) 
    
 Form of Fair Market Value Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe
Tinga and Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File
No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (jj) 
    
 Form of Fair Market Value Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (kk) 
    
 Form of Premium-Priced Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 26, 2004, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (ll) 
    
 Form of Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and
Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File
No. 1-6682.) 

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (mm) 
    
 Form of Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 1, 2012, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (nn) 
    
 Form of Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (oo) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(aaa) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
Fiscal Year ended December 28, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (pp) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2013 Performance Rewards Program. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31,
2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (qq) 
    
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 4, 2012, between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of October 11, 2012, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (rr) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and
Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (ss) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated Stock Incentive Performance Plan for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the
Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (tt) 
    
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated May 22, 2008, between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended June 29, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (uu) 
    
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Wiebe Tinga, dated March 4, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended March 31, 2013, file No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (vv) 
    
 Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld dated August 30, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended September 25, 2005, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (ww) 
    
 Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(hhh) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the Fiscal Year Ended December 28, 2008, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (xx) 
    
 Second Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ggg) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 2009, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (yy) 
    
 Third Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld effective as of November 1, 2013. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (zz) 
    
 Form of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement. (Signed by the following executive officers: David Hargreaves, Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Deborah Thomas, Martin Trueb,
and certain other employees of the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2006, File
No. 1-6682.) 

 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (aaa) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2009 Senior Management Annual Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2009 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 (bbb) 
    
 Form of Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement. (Applicable to Duncan Billing, John Frascotti, Wiebe Tinga and Deborah Thomas and certain other employees of
the Company.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2013, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ccc) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan for Designated Senior Executives. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May
23, 2011, File No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ddd) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Clawback Policy. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated as of October 11, 2012, File No.
1-6682.) 
 
 12. 
   
 
    
 Statement re computation of ratios. 
 
 21. 
   
 
    
 Subsidiaries of the registrant. 
 
 23. 
   
 
    
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 
 31.1 
   
 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 31.2 
   
 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 32.1* 
   
 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 32.2* 
   
 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 101.INS 
   
 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
   *  Furnished herewith. 
   The Company agrees to furnish the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of each
agreement with respect to long-term debt of the Company, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.  
 
 
 
